Senate Minority leader Sen. Jim Ananich , D-Flint ( Photo : Dale G. Young / Detroit News )
Calls for Lyon to resign director post
Senate Minority Leader Jim Ananich on Wednesday called on state Health and Human Services Director Nick Lyon to resign from the Snyder administration as they face an involuntary manslaughter charge – but not a conviction – over a Legionnaires ' disease death prosecutors link to the Flint water crisis .
So is the Flint Democrat willing to say the same for embattled state Sen. Bert Johnson , D-Highland Park , who is facing federal charges for alleged conspiracy to commit theft by hiring a “ ghost employee ” on their staff ?
“ I think there 's a difference between running a department and being elected by the voters , ” Ananich said , drawing a distinction when asked by The Detroit News . “ I think we need to make sure that the services and the employees who have to provide those services have a leader that 's focused on that . ”
Johnson was indicted by a federal grand jury on April 11 . Ananich and Senate Majority Leader Arlan Meekhof , R-West Olive , have agreed on new oversight requiring Democratic leaders to review and approve any office spending or staff decisions for Johnson while they head toward trial scheduled in August .
“ We 've taken appropriate action to make sure that the public trust is taken care off when it comes to spending issues in the office , ” Ananich said .
Proposal would have lawmakers vote from home
Michigan lawmakers would become more responsive to their constituents and lessen the influence of lobbyists if they were allowed to cast legislative votes from their home districts instead of at the Capitol , the Mackinac Center for Public Policy 's president argues .
Joseph Lehman unveiled the idea in early June at the Detroit Regional Chamber 's annual policy conference on Mackinac Island . Legislators would have more flexibility to divide their time between Lansing and their districts and change the dynamics of campaigning , lobbying and serving constituents , they said .
“ Lawmakers presently go to where the lobbyists are , which is convenient for lobbyists , ” Lehman said in a statement . “ Under our proposal , lobbyists would more often have to come to wherever lawmakers spend most of their time .
“ I would expect every election campaign to be filled with promises to spend more time in the district and less in Lansing . ”
The Mackinac Center chief said they are recommending the move because of the advances in modern communications technology . Lehman acknowledged the state 's Open Meetings Act would likely need to be changed to accommodate lawmakers who attend hearings and meetings remotely .
Making legislative voting more geographically flexible “ might build some trust ” with voters and make them more open to changing the lengths of term limits , which are popular but are not producing the expected results of their supporters , Lehman said .
Recidivism down in Michigan from 2006 to 2015
The number of people returning to Michigan 's prisons from parole plunged 43 percent from 2006 to 2015 , according to a new report from the Council of State Governments .
More than 2,000 people returned to prison in 2006 compared with 1,159 in 2015 while the total parole population dropped 16 percent during that same time period . The decline coincided with the Michigan Department of Corrections ' “ Prisoner Reentry Initiative ” that led to new policies designed to reduce recidivism .
It included a plan meant to assess a prisoner 's risks and needs , changes to health care , partnerships with to help with reintegration into the community and grant awards for prisoner career training programs .
“ We gathered input and leveraged resources from across the state that went beyond just criminal justice to create reentry programs that are truly effective , ” Corrections Director Heidi Washington was quoted as saying in the report .
“ Thanks to our focus on ‘ offender success , ' we improved and expanded job-training and education programs for people in prison while giving home the support services they need in the community to ensure a safe transition and long-term self-sufficiency , ” they continued .
Read the report : https : //csgjusticecenter.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/6.12.17_Reducing-Recidivism_States-Deliver-Results.pdf
Contributors : Jonathan Oosting , Richard Burr , Michael Gerstein
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2toLm8J
Canoe & Kayak has partnered with the United States Coast Guard and major paddlesports brands to bring you this 8-part Safer Paddling Series featuring ACA-certified instructors Kate Ross Kuthe and Paul Kuthe . Watch all eight episodes as Paul and Kate share safety , technique and gear tips , plus their paddling philosophy – be safe , be smart , have fun . ( Check out the full version of the safety video above on C & K 's YouTube channel . )
Before you get in the water , make sure you have the most important piece of safety gear—a personal flotation device , or what 's commonly called a life jacket . Life jackets work only when you wear them , and the law requires you to have one for every person in every boat . That includes kayaks , canoes , and SUPs . The folks at your local paddling shop can help you find the right kind of life jacket for the type of paddling you do . Make sure the one you choose has the Coast Guard Approved label , which ensures it meets the standards set by the United States Coast Guard .
Federal law requires all children under 13 to wear life jackets whenever they 're on the water , and state rules may also apply . Check your local regulations and set a good example for your kids by always wearing your own life jacket .
Experienced paddlers wear life jackets always . The first sign of a rookie kayaker is someone who is n't wearing a life jacket or is wearing one that does n't fit properly .
Choosing the right life jacket is all about proper use and fit . It 's important to have a life jacket that 's going to fit comfortably and snugly . These days , they 're not all orange and bulky . You have plenty of stylish , comfortable , and safe options .
Fitting and adjusting a life jacket is just as important as deciding to wear it . First , open up the life jacket to its largest setting so it 's easy to put on . Some slide over your head . Others have a front zip like a vest . Zip it , clip it , and if it 's got a snap , snap it up . Then tighten all the straps .
Your life jacket should be snug enough that it 'll stay put when you tug firmly on the shoulder straps . If it 's too loose , it wo n't provide the protection you 're counting on . And lastly , make sure you 're not wearing it backwards .
Life jackets are made for men , women , and kids of all different shapes and sizes . Children 's life jackets are sized based on the weight of the child– 0 to 30 , 30 to 50 , or 50 to 90 pounds . Adult life jackets are made for people over 90 pounds . So whenever you use a kayak , canoe , or stand up paddle board , make sure you 've got a US Coast Guard-approved life jacket . And remember , be smart , be safe , and have fun .
— Watch the full version of this safety video as well as the other seven episodes on C & K 's YouTube channel .
SPRINGFIELD -- The defense lawyer for Anthony Casiano asked a Hampden Superior Court judge Friday to reduce their bail from $ 300,000 to $ 5,000 .
Casiano , of Springfield , is accused in the fatal stabbing of Benjamin Lariviere , 26 , of Wilbraham , at a downtown Springfield parking garage 11 months ago .
Marissa L. Elkins , lawyer for the 29-year-old second-degree murder defendant , said $ 5,000 is the amount their family can afford . The family might be able to come up with $ 10,000 , they said .
Judge David Ricciardone reduced Casiano 's bail to $ 100,000 cash or $ 1 million surety as about 20 family members and friends of Casiano watched from the courtroom benches .
Assistant District Attorney Matthew W. Green asked Ricciardone to order Casiano held without right to bail . They said that had been their request at a March bail hearing , but Judge Mary-Lou Rup set bail at $ 300,000 cash . Green said now that Casiano asked for a bail reduction , the prosecution had a right to again ask that they be held without right to bail .
Ricciardone said new case law in this state tells judges they must consider a defendant 's ability to make the bail amount . But , they said , `` The analysis does not end with financial wherewithal . ''
Green said , `` There is an inherent flight risk in anyone charged with a murder . '' Ricciardone said they concurred that there is more of a flight risk for defendants charged with murder .
Casiano was arrested around 10 p.m. Nov. 19 , 2016 , by Springfield police responding to a disturbance on the top floor of a parking garage at 70 Hillman St. Officers stopped Casiano walking down the stairs , and then found the victim on the top floor , police said .
Elkins said the case will be about self defense . They said the victim ambushed Casiano , who went to the garage from their adjacent apartment after they and others from the apartment building saw Lariviere damaging cars in the garage .
Casiano was not trying to escape after the stabbing but was going down to let the police in a door to the garage , which is supposed to be locked , they said .
Lariviere suffered nine stab wounds , with one of the wounds deep in the chest perforating their heart and a section of lung , Green said .
Elkins said Casiano realizes they have a solid defense and is ready to present that defense in court . `` This is not a case that anyone would run from , '' they said .
Ricciardone said if Casiano posts bail they must be outfitted with a GPS monitoring device and remain under home confinement .
Men , Listen Up : Women Like The Smell Of Guys Who Eat A Certain Diet
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lilli Carré for NPR Lilli Carré for NPR
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines . It turns out , our diets also help determine what we smell like .
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables , whereas men who ate a lot of refined carbohydrates ( think bread , pasta ) gave off a smell that was less appealing .
Skeptical ? At first , I was , too . I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry . ( Makes a good marketing campaign , right ? )
But it 's legit . `` We 've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness , especially for women , '' says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia . They study evolution , genetics and psychology and is an author of the study .
From an evolutionary perspective , scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status and could possibly play a role in helping to attract a mate .
How did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor ?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy , young men . They assessed the men 's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer . When people eat a lot of colorful veggies , their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids , the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red , yellow and orange foods .
`` The carotenoids get deposited in our skin , '' explains Stephen . The spectrophotometer `` flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back , '' says Stephen . The results are `` a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we 're eating , '' they say .
Stephen and their colleagues also had the men in the study complete food frequency questionnaires so they could determine the men 's overall patterns of eating . Then the men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise .
Afterward , women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat . ( Note : The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation , but you get the picture . ) `` We asked the women to rate how much they liked it , how floral , how fruity , '' and a bunch of other descriptors , explains Stephen .
It 's a small study , but the results were pretty consistent . `` Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer , '' Stephen told us .
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women . But meat did tend to make men 's odor more intense .
`` This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor , '' says George Preti , an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia .
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet , `` characterized by increased intakes of eggs , cheese , soy , fruit and vegetables . ''
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect .
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food . `` But that 's not what happens , '' Preti says . Your breath might smell like the food you eat , but not your sweat .
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands .
`` The sweat does n't come out smelly , '' Preti explains . `` It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin . ''
Now , of course , at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace , is the smell of our sweat a big concern ?
I put that question to the happy hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington , D.C .
`` I 'm pretty OK with my smell , '' Stefan Ruffini told me . That evening they were ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries , along with a beer . When I told them about the findings of the study , they laughed it off .
`` I 've got a girlfriend , so I do n't worry about these things , '' they said .
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples .
`` As a lesbian , I have n't smelled a man in several years , '' Stacy Carroll , who was also at happy hour , told me . `` I eat a lot of produce , I have a girlfriend , so it 's working out . ''
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health — `` feeling good , looking fit '' — than their smell .
Americans Ryan Harrison and Steve Johnson won their doubles match against host Serbia on Saturday , ensuring the United States will advance to the Davis Cup quarterfinals .
Harrison and Johnson defeated Serbia 's Nikola Milojevic and Miljan Zekic 6-7 ( 3 ) , 6-2 , 7-5 , 6-4 in a match that took a little more than three hours on the red clay at the Sportski Centar Cair in Nis .
`` This is a work trip and we took care of business , '' Johnson said . `` It 's a big Super Bowl day tomorrow ! ''
The United States , with captain Jim Courier , has an insurmountable 3-0 lead heading into Sunday 's reverse singles . John Isner and Sam Querrey both won singles matches Friday .
Serbia was bidding to make it three match wins in a row after beating the U.S. in Davis Cup play in 2010 and 2013 .
The United States , which has won a record 32 Davis Cup titles , will next play either Hungary or Belgium on April 6-8 . Serbia will have to participate in September 's World Cup playoffs .
In other Davis Cup World Group first-round matches :
• Pablo Carreno Busta and Feliciano Lopez beat Dominic Inglot and Jamie Murray 6-4 , 6-4 , 7-6 ( 4 ) as Spain took a 2-1 edge over Britain .
The Spanish pair forced 35 errors to win the match in just under 2 1/2 hours on the outdoor clay at Club de Tenis Puente Romano .
In Sunday 's reverse singles , Cameron Norrie is scheduled to take on Albert Ramos Vinolas and Liam Broady will face Roberto Bautista Agut , although both sides are allowed to make changes .
Australian Open semifinalist Kyle Edmund , who has been struggling with a hip injury , could be drafted into the British lineup .
• Defending Davis Cup champion France took a 2-1 lead in their tie against the Netherlands as Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert beat Robin Haase and Jean-Julien Rojer 7-6 ( 6 ) , 6-3 , 6-7 ( 3 ) , 7-6 ( 2 ) .
France clinched victory on its first match point in a tough encounter where the Dutch pair had chances to take early control .
There are two reverse singles to decide the contest on Sunday -- Adrian Mannarino vs. Haase , and Richard Gasquet vs. Thiemo De Bakker .
Yannick Noah is stepping down as France 's Davis Cup captain after this year 's title defense .
• Marin Cilic and Ivan Dodig rallied from two sets down to win a five-set match against Canada 's Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil as Croatia moved within a point of advancing to the quarterfinal round .
Cilic and Dodig prevailed 2-6 , 3-6 , 6-4 , 7-5 , 6-2 in a clay-court match that took 3 hours , 20 minutes to complete in Osijek , Croatia .
• Tim Puetz and late call-up Jan-Lennard Struff gave Germany a 2-1 lead over Australia , beating Matt Ebden and John Peers 6-4 , 6-7 ( 1 ) , 6-2 , 6-7 ( 4 ) , 6-4 in doubles .
Struff replaced Peter Gojowczyk , who was originally scheduled to partner with Puetz .
The reverse singles are Sunday , with Nick Kyrgios playing Alexander Zverev and Alex de Minaur scheduled to take on Struff , although late changes could be made .
• Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini defeated Ben McLachlan and Yasutaka Uchiyama 7-5 , 6-7 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 3 ) , 7-5 in doubles as Italy took a 2-1 lead over Japan . Italy is bidding to reach the quarterfinals for the fifth time in six years .
• Hungary 's Attilia Balazs and Marton Fucsovics , after winning the first two sets , held on to beat Belgium 's Ruben Bemelmans and Joris de Loore 6-3 , 6-4 , 6-7 ( 2 ) , 4-6 , 7-5 in a match that took more than four hours to complete .
Hungary fought off elimination and trails 2-1 heading into Sunday 's reverse singles .
• Kazakhstan closed out its 3-0 sweep of Switzerland as Timur Khabibulin and Aleksandr Nedovyesov outlasted Marc-Andrea Huesler and Luca Margaroli in five sets 6-4 , 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-7 ( 5 ) , 6-3 .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
The Lahore Chamber of Commerce & Industry ( LCCI ) has demanded of the Pakistan Standard & Quality Control Authority ( PSQCA ) to stop crackdown against Cosmetics & Food Sector as these hard line initiatives will further aggravate the business atmosphere . The LCCI Acting President Khawaja Khawar Rashid , Vice President Zeeshan Khalil and members of Executive Committee said , that Pakistan Standard & Quality Control Authority ( PSQCA ) sudden & abrupt raids , requiring stoppage of sales of un-registered cosmetics and food products on the pretext that superstores are involved in selling substandard cosmetics and food products of unregistered and illegal companies . Apropos to the above , manufacturers are now required to pay a substantial amount of Rs . 11000 as Registration fee , visit and Evaluation fee to PSQCA for each product which is a very big deterrent to registering each and every product . Further the time period required , usually varies from three to six months which again is a long duration and the process cumbersome . An additional 0.1 % on the quarterly sales value has also been demanded by PSQCA is also not understood . The PSQCA has few designated labs and coupled with limited technical staff , causes considerable delay in the registration process . It has also been conveyed to manufacturers , that the packaging of food and cosmetic products must contain PSQCA stamp , as such most packing will require replacement .
Hurst named new Ipswich Town manager
Paul Hurst has left Shrewsbury Town to take over at Ipswich Town , following the departure of Mick McCarthy .
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018 , 14:32 IST 44 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Paul Hurst , the new manager of Ipswich Town
Ipswich Town have announced the appointment of Paul Hurst as their new manager .
The Championship club have agreed a three-year contract with the 43-year-old , who has spent the last two years at Shrewsbury Town .
Ipswich owner Marcus Evans described Hurst as their `` top target '' to replace Mick McCarthy , who left their role last month .
`` I am hugely excited that Ipswich is providing an opportunity for a young , up-and-coming manager to prove themselves in one of the world 's toughest leagues and in time hopefully the highest league level in world football , '' they told the club 's website .
`` I am sure all of our supporters will get behind Paul and like me ca n't wait for the new season to get started . ''
Hurst guided Shrewsbury to the League One play-off final this season , where they were beaten 2-1 by Rotherham United after extra-time .
They admitted the offer from Ipswich was `` too good to turn down '' and hopes to play an important part in their bid for a return to the Premier League .
`` Ipswich is a big football club when you think of the stature and history it has in the game , '' they said .
`` The club has a great reputation and always looks to be well-run and I 'm delighted to now be part of Ipswich Town , with an opportunity to make our own history . ''
ENTERTAINMENT
The Incheon Pentaport Rock Festival , a major summer music festival in South Korea , saw a slight drop in the number of visitors from last year , according to organizers Monday .
Industry watchers attribute the drop to a growing competition from other music events held in the summer .
( Yescom Entertainment-Yonhap )
The festival was held at Songdo Moonlight Festival Park in Incheon , 40 kilometers west of Seoul , from Friday to Sunday , featuring a total of 70 international and domestic artists , including British rock band Bastille , Grammy-nominated band Justice and Australia 's 5 Seconds of Summer.The audience size dropped to 76,000 from last year 's 86,000 , according to Yescom Entertainment . Its larger rival event , Jisan Valley Rock Festival , hosted by CJ E & M , also saw the number of visitors tumble 33 percent on-year to 60,000 . `` We 're seeing a lot of summer music events being held around the same period , splitting up the demand for large events , '' a concert industry insider said . ( Yonhap )
“ Enjoy a light , social high , ” says the funky bottle of California Dreamin ' cannabis-infused sparkling pomegranate juice . Launching today at Y Combinator Demo Day , California Dreamin ' is serving up an alcohol alternative that still gets you lit , but without the same hangover or health issues .
Each bottle contains 10 milligrams of THC — an industry-standard dose of the psychoactive chemical in marijuana . The company only uses sativa , the more energizing , euphoric type of pot , compared to the more body-relaxing indica variety . That 's compared to some competing marijuana beverages with as much as 100mg — enough that a single sip will get you high and a bottle will lay out all but the hardiest stoners . “ We want it to be a light , head high feel , ” says Seven Cities Beverage Company aka California Dreamin ' co-founder Amy Ludlum . “ We do n't want to give anyone couch lock . We want it to be social . ”
Meanwhile , the taste marries fruity sweetness with a hint of earthy plant life complexity that will titillate long-time cannabis fans . Bottles come in other flavors , like tangerine , grapefruit and cranberry apple , and will retail for about $ 8 to $ 10 each . Cases are rolling out to recreational dispensaries in San Francisco , like The Barbary Coast , over the next week .
California Dreamin ' has succeeded in creating a beverage with the light-hearted brand , logical dosage and agreeable taste to be something you can drink casually and socially , not just when you want to get ridiculously high . That makes it a better alternative or complement to drinking alcohol . It 's certainly not for everyone . Paranoia , anxiety and post-high grogginess are all common side-effects of sativa , and you should n't drive while blazed . But there are plenty of people who want an option to unwind that does n't involve a literal poison , or smoking a burning plant that can hurt your lungs .
The only problem is that California and other states with legal recreational marijuana ban the sale of anything cannabis related anywhere that serves alcohol . That means you are n't likely to see California Dreamin ' in a bar any time soon , but you could throw a pretty fun backyard barbecue . But with 1 million medical marijuana users out of 28 million California adults , and with over half of the voting population supporting cannabis legalization , there 's plenty of room to build a brand in this space .
Inebriation is America 's true national pastime . You could see it as people just seeking an escape from daily troubles , but it 's also a way to shift our thinking to get a new perspective on the world . Considering how much we pay for entertainment that 's merely stimulus we filter through our perception , $ 10 to pleasantly alter that perception is not a half-baked idea .
JACKSON , Miss . ( AP ) - The nation 's most restrictive abortion law is headed for a showdown before a federal judge only hours after it was signed by Mississippi 's governor .
U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves late Monday scheduled arguments Tuesday morning over whether they should immediately block the law after a request by the state 's only abortion clinic and a physician who works there .
Republican Gov . Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday , immediately banning most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation . How quickly will the effects of the law be felt in Mississippi ? Dr. Sacheen Carr-Ellis of the Jackson Women 's Health Organization stated in court papers that a woman 15 weeks or more pregnant is scheduled for a Tuesday afternoon abortion .
The law and responding challenge set up a confrontation sought by abortion opponents , who are hoping federal courts will ultimately prohibit abortions before a fetus is viable . Current federal law does not .
Some legal experts have said a change in the law is unlikely unless the makeup of the U.S. Supreme Court changes in a way that favors abortion opponents .
`` We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America , and what better thing can we do ? '' Bryant said in a video their office posted on social media .
The law 's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it `` incompatible with life '' outside of the womb at full term , or if a pregnant woman 's life or a `` major bodily function '' is threatened by pregnancy . Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest are n't exempted .
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation 's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks . Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman 's previous menstrual period . That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception .
`` We 'll probably be sued in about half an hour , '' Bryant said to laughter from supporters as they signed the bill . `` That 'll be fine with me . It 'll be worth fighting over . ''
Bryant 's prediction was accurate . The state 's only abortion clinic and one of the physicians who practice there sued in federal court within an hour , arguing the law violates other federal court rulings saying a state ca n't restrict abortion before a child can survive on its own outside the womb .
The Jackson Women 's Health Organization , in a lawsuit handled by the Center of Reproductive Rights , argued the measure is unconstitutional and should immediately be struck down .
`` Under decades of United States Supreme Court precedent , the state of Mississippi can not ban abortion prior to viability , regardless of what exceptions are provided to the ban , '' the suit states .
The suit says the clinic performed 78 abortions in 2017 when the fetus was identified as being 15 weeks or older . That 's out of about 2,500 abortions performed statewide , mostly at the clinic .
Carr-Ellis , in a sworn statement , says she 'll have to stop providing abortions to women past the 15 week ban , or else lose their Mississippi medical license , as House Bill 1510 requires . They say women should n't be forced to carry their pregnancies to term against their wills or leave the state to obtain abortions .
`` A woman who is pregnant should have the ability to make the decision that is best for them about the course of their pregnancy , based on their own values and goals for their life , '' Carr-Ellis said in the statement .
Republican legislative leaders Lt. Gov Tate Reeves and House Speaker Philip Gunn both attended Bryant 's private signing ceremony
`` The winners ( today ) are those babies that are in the womb , first and foremost , '' Gunn said . `` Those are the ones we 're trying to protect . ''
When asked if the state is prepared to bear the cost of a lawsuit , Gunn said , `` Absolutely . ''
`` I do n't know if you can put any value on human life , '' Gunn said . `` We are all about fighting to protect the unborn . Whatever challenges we have to take on to do that , is something we 're willing to do . ''
Opponents , though , predicted the attempt to allow states to restrict abortion before viability would fail .
`` We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional , '' said Katherine Klein , equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi . `` The 15-week marker has no bearing in science . It 's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker . ''
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom .
`` We believe this law should be a model for the rest of the country , '' Jameson Taylor , acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy , said in a statement .
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March , by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House .
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January . With 60 `` yes '' votes required to advance , the bill failed on a 51-46 vote .
___
Follow Jeff Amy at : http : //twitter.com/jeffamy . Read their work at https : //www.apnews.com/search/Jeff_Amy .
SANTA CLARA , Calif. -- Rejoice , San Francisco 49ers fans , it is officially NFL draft week . That means the endless speculation will soon come to a merciful end , and we can begin speculating on how the Niners will fare in 2018 .
Considering that eight teams will pick ahead of San Francisco on Thursday , it 's difficult to project what will be available for the 49ers . But we 'll do our best here to lay out the scenarios that could play out , with the caveat that the draft always offers some surprises .
Here 's a look at the way things could go for the 49ers in the first round , based on discussions with evaluators and analysts in the league :
Best-case options
These are players who are likely to be available when the Niners pick , but they could go before No . 9 .
LB Roquan Smith , Georgia : With uncertainty surrounding linebacker Reuben Foster , Smith could be the perfect marriage of the best player available and need-based pick . Smith could play middle or weakside linebacker in the Niners ' scheme . Their combination of athleticism , instincts and production could be tough to pass up . There 's a chance they will be gone by the ninth pick ( keep an eye on Indianapolis at No . 6 ) , but that spot seems to be about right for him . Todd McShay 's rank : No . 5 .
LB Tremaine Edmunds , Virginia Tech : A big ( 6-foot-4 , 253 pounds ) , athletic linebacker with the versatility to play inside or outside or even as a situational pass-rusher , Edmunds is one of the most tantalizing prospects in this draft . Questions about their instincts could prevent them from going in the top 10 , though a team such as Chicago could make the move . For the Niners , Edmunds could play middle or strong-side linebacker , depending on Foster 's status . McShay 's rank : No . 14 .
Georgia linebacker Roquan Smith 's combination of athleticism , instincts and production could be tough for the 49ers to pass up . Robin Alam/Icon Sportswire
DB Minkah Fitzpatrick , Alabama : Like Smith , Fitzpatrick could go before No . 9 , with Tampa Bay ( No . 7 ) and Indianapolis ( No . 6 ) looking like prime landing spots . If they slip , he 'd be tough for the 49ers to pass on because he , too , looks like a good combination of need and value pick . Fitzpatrick has said that they would like to play outside corner in the NFL , and they spent some time with the Niners on a pre-draft visit . Their versatility would give San Francisco depth at corner while offering the potential to start them at free safety or slide them into the nickel role . McShay 's rank : No . 8 .
CB Denzel Ward , Ohio State : The best pure cover corner in the draft , Ward is n't an ideal fit for the Niners from a size standpoint ( 5-foot-11 , 183 pounds ) , but their feisty , physical approach means they can probably have success in any scheme . Ward was one of the 49ers ' 30 pre-draft visitors , so there 's at least some interest . Adding them to a backfield that includes Richard Sherman and Ahkello Witherspoon would give the 49ers a lot of options as Witherspoon continues to develop and Sherman recovers from injury . Ward could go as high as No . 4 to Cleveland , and Denver ( No . 5 ) , Indianapolis , Tampa Bay and Chicago ( No . 8 ) could all be logical fits . McShay 's rank : No . 6 .
S Derwin James , Florida State : Once viewed as a top-five pick in this draft , James has seen their stock trend upward in the eyes of media over the past couple of months . Capable of playing either safety spot , James would probably be best at strong safety , where Jaquiski Tartt is set to be a free agent after the 2018 season . James could land somewhere such as Tampa Bay before the Niners are on the clock . McShay 's rank : No . 7 .
Realistic options
These are players who should be available when the 49ers pick at No . 9 and could also be had in the event of a trade down .
DE Harold Landry , Boston College : Landry 's stock dropped from 2016 to 2017 as they dealt with injuries , but they remain one of the best pure edge rushers in the draft . Frankly , that 's a huge need for the 49ers , and Landry would make sense in the role Vic Beasley plays for the Falcons in a similar scheme . Niners coach Kyle Shanahan saw Beasley 's impact up close and could be tempted by Landry , though that seems to be more of a possibility after a trade down . Landry is a bit on the small side , at 252 pounds , and there are questions about their ability to defend the run . A lack of edge rushers and the value of the position could push them up the board , but they should be available if and when the Niners pick at No . 9 . McShay 's rank : No . 32 .
OT Mike McGlinchey , Notre Dame : Someday soon , the 49ers will have a need at offensive tackle . Joe Staley is still solid on the left side but he 's 34 . Right tackle Trent Brown is coming off a shoulder injury and scheduled for free agency after the season . McGlinchey has played both sides and at 6-8 , 312 pounds , they have the ability to play guard before potentially moving to tackle . McShay 's rank : No . 27 .
DE Marcus Davenport , Texas-San Antonio : Neck-and-neck with Landry as the No . 2 outside rusher in the draft , Davenport is a bigger , more physical presence . He 's also rawer as a pass-rusher and faced lesser competition . Davenport could be a fit as the Niners ' `` Leo '' edge rusher , though they seem to be similar to what they already have at the position . As with Landry , it seems that Davenport would be a more likely selection if the 49ers moved down in a trade . McShay 's rank : No . 21 .
CB Joshua Jackson , Iowa : From a scheme standpoint , Jackson is a clear fit in the Niners ' defense . He 's 6-foot-1 , 192 pounds , with enough playmaking skills to lead the nation in interceptions in 2017 . The ninth pick would be a bit rich for Jackson , according to some league evaluators , but he 's another possibility if the Niners trade down . McShay 's rank : No . 19 .
Long-shot options
These are players who are expected to be gone before the Niners pick at No . 9 and would almost certainly require a trade up to acquire .
DE Bradley Chubb , North Carolina State : It 's a dream scenario to have the best edge rusher in the draft fall to No . 9 , but it would take some major surprises for it to happen . Chubb would be the best combination of need and value pick , but he 's expected to go as high as No . 2 to the Giants , and it 's hard to envision them going any later than No . 6 to the Colts . McShay 's rank : No . 3 .
G Quenton Nelson , Notre Dame : This is n't as far-fetched as Chubb falling , solely because Nelson does n't play a position that comes with as much value as Chubb 's . Still , Nelson is widely regarded as one of the five best players in the draft , regardless of position . With teams such as the Giants , Broncos , Colts and Bears all in the market for offensive linemen , it seems that No . 8 to Chicago would be the lowest Nelson would go . If they somehow fall to the Niners , they are n't as obvious of a fit in the team 's outside zone scheme , but he 's athletic enough to make it work . McShay 's rank : No . 2 .
By Belinda Ayamgha/Julius K. Satsi , GNA
Accra , April 24 , GNA - The Eight Edition of the annual Pre-harvest Agribusiness Conference and Exhibition was on Tuesday launched to take off from October 3-5 in Tamale , with a call on stakeholders to build value-chain partnerships .
Mr Danquah Addo-Yobo , the Managing Director of Yara Ghana Limited , who made the call , said building value chain partnerships were critical to ensure the end-to-end cycle for agribusiness .
They said the partnership , which required scale , financing and a guaranteed market would help to deliver full agribusiness package for sustainable transformation of the agriculture sector in general .
The event is on the theme : “ Transforming Agribusiness in Northern Ghana : The Future is Now , ” and would give opportunity to value chain actors to establish business relationships and discuss contracts .
They said the lack of guaranteed market and the lack of financing to relevant sectors of the agribusiness value chain were the impediments that required attention and resolution for a successful transformation .
They noted that the Northern Region had been the food basket for the country and , hence , transforming agribusiness there would have a significant impact on transforming the sector .
The profitability of the farmer needed to be intensified to ensure and secure the drive to transform the agribusiness sector , Mr Addo-Yobo said .
Ms Alberta Nana Akyaa Akosa , the Executive Director of Agrihouse , the organisers of the event , said it would provide the right platform for bringing commodity buyers , agribusiness service providers and farmers to explore and exploit other growth opportunities .
They said the Pre-harvest Conference and Exhibition was developed by experts with in-depth experience of the agricultural sector , which is also a data-driven and research oriented with a priority to finding and providing solutions to the challenges with agribusiness .
The event is in line with the Government 's flagship Planting for Food and Jobs Campaign as it would create the most appropriate place for businesses to identify new opportunities , discuss deals and forge partnerships .
Ms Akosa said over the last seven years , the event had helped farmers to access new market opportunities , products , services and higher yielding inputs to increase agriculture productivity .
They appreciated the efforts by all partners and sponsors - AFGRI John Deere , Ecobank , Interplast as well as the World Food Programme and Yara Ghana Limited .
Dr Nurah Gyiele , the Minister of State in charge of Agriculture , who launched the Conference and Exhibition , said it had become necessary to sustain the growth of agribusiness .
They noted that the country 's sector grew from 3.0 per cent in 2016 to a provisional 8.4 per cent in 2017 , according to the Ghana Statistical Service .
They said to sustain the growth rate , there was the need to increase both public and private sector investments in the agriculture sector to generate significant gains in productivity , employment and rural poverty reduction .
Dr Gyiele said the Government 's Planting for Food and Jobs programme was making impressive strides adding that it would welcome and support such complimentary contributions of organisations to support the initiative .
`` It pleases me more that this effort has welcome bias for Northern Ghana where agricultural growth would help tremendously in our poverty reduction drive in that part of the country , '' they said .
They noted that if agriculture ( farming and agribusiness ) became successful in Northern Ghana , the problems of unemployment , low incomes and food insecurity would be solved .
The 2018 annual pre-harvest conference and exhibition is scheduled to take place at the Tamale Sports Stadium .
Mr Nanga Kaye , the Sustainable Food Systems Coordinator at the United Nations World Food Programme ( WFP ) , said they had seen some improvement in Ghana 's food supply chains from production to distribution .
They said to assist in addressing supply chain challenges along value chain , WFP had been partnering government in its `` One District , One Warehouse '' initiative .
They said : `` We understand that supply chain management in agribusiness has the potential to strengthen the agricultural marketing channels to play major roles in the supply of foods . ”
GNA
ISLAMABAD , March 19 ( APP ) : Central Development Working Party ( CDWP ) on Monday approved 34 projects worth Rs 365.492 billion out of which five projects worth Rs . 333.179 billion were referred to Executive Committee of National Economic Council ( ECNEC ) for further proceeding .
The CDWP meeting held here Monday with Deputy Chairman Planning Commission Sartaj Aziz in the Chair , said a press release issued here .
Secretary Planning Commission Shoaib Ahmed Siddique and other senior officials from federal and provincial governments participated in the meeting .
The projects presented for approval includes energy , transport & communications , physical planning & housing , science & technology , information and technology , food and agriculture , industries & commerce , health and mass media .
In energy sector , Project titled “ Implementation of integrated solution to improve productivity
and control in NTDC by Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) system ” of worth Rs 2919.12 million was approved by CDWP .
Three projects were presented out of which one project was approved and two were referred to ECNEC for further approval .
In transport and communications section , CDWP approved two projects and one project was referred to ECNEC .
CDWP also approved projects include Airport Security Force Accommodation at New Islamabad Airport and Widening of Spera Ragha Road from Khanozai Cross to Loralai and Killa Saifullah .
In water section , similarly three projects were presented out of which two were approved by CDWP and one project of Diamer Basha Dam was referred to ECNEC for approval .
Project titled “ Construction of J-Head Spur at RD 20000 & Guide Head Spur at RD 25000 Maggasson Branch , Muzaffarabad ” of worth Rs . 513.339 million and “ Monitoring the Seawater intrusion along Sindh and Balochistan ” of worth Rs . 650.056 million In Physical Planning & Housing section , six projects and two position papers were presented out of which four projects were approved by CDWP
and two were deferred .
Projects approved are including “ Construction of five police barracks block ( each for 100 men ) in Islamabad ” , “ construction of admin block quarters , guard , barracks and horse stable and parade ground
in Diplomatic Enclave Islamabad , land acquisition and site development for PIDE for constructing new campus and construction of judicial and Admin complex in Islamabad .
The total cost of the approved projects is Rs 4734.599 million . In Science and Technology
section , 11 projects were presented out of which 9 projects were approved by CDWP .
The total worth of these projects is Rs 12177.542 million . The approved projects include “ Uplifting
of Academic and Infrastructure facilities at Hazara University , establishment of Engineering faculty at Karakorum international University , Pak-Sri Lanka Higher Education Program , International Law Graduate Scholarship for Balochistan , Prime Minister Electric Wheelchair Scheme for university
students , and Establishment of Technical Training Centre for Precession Mechanics and instrument technology .
In education sector , two projects were presented and approved . The total cost of these projects
was Rs 3487.817 .
The approved projects were included provision of quality education to the students of Balochistan
in FATA and construction of Primary section at GDA school in Gwadar .
In Health Section , three projects were presented , out of which two projects of worth Rs 820.890
a million were approved .
The projects were Up Gradation of Health Facilities as CGH RWP by making all departments Functional and “ purchase of electro medical equipment for newly constructed 200 bed hospital for
Pak Rangers Punjab .
In Mass Media section , three projects of worth Rs 639.135 were approved by the CDWP . The approved projects included construction of Boxing Gymnasium at Karachi , construction of Gymnasium
at Quetta , modernisation of camera and production equipment of PTV .
In Information technology section , two projects of worth Rs . 1418.006 million were presented and approved by the CDWP .
The approved projects are National Response Centre for Cyber Crime ( Phase 3 ) , establishment of Land Revenue Records Management Information System in rural area of Islamabad .
In Industries & Commerce section , four projects were of worth Rs . 5786.444 million were
approved by the CDWP and the projects are Expo Centre Islamabad ( Phase 1 ) , Expo Centre Quetta ( Phase 1 ) , CPEC Industrial Cooperation Development Project .
`` It 's an error , '' they said . `` It 's like when you have a car accident . It 's not a car 'purpose . ' It 's a mistake . We 're human . It 's definitely tough because Strasburg was pitching their tail off and they happened to get two hits after that . So it 's never fun . ''
Strasburg said they tried their best to pick up Rendon , but Rizzo singled to right just in front of Harper , who missed 42 games with a hyperextended left knee and returned last week . Harper said they felt great and did n't blame their health for not making a catch that would 've ended the inning and kept it a one-run game .
`` I was just coming in , did n't want it to get past me , '' Harper said . `` It bounced right in front of my glove and I just did n't come up with it . ''
After Strasburg dazzled and dominated during their first 52 pitches , the game shifted on their next several as the Cubs seized a rare opportunity on a night when the right-hander was almost unhittable . Almost .
`` I think they were really in a rhythm , '' Bryant said . `` Getting a guy on base , getting a guy in scoring position , get them out of their rhythm a little bit , I think that was huge . ''
With a history of first-round exits , the Nationals refused to buy into the narrative of `` here we go again . '' But they acknowledged the sixth inning and offensive struggles contributed to them falling behind in the best-of-five series .
`` That 's playoff baseball , '' first baseman Ryan Zimmerman said . `` You have to kind of do the little things right , and take advantage of the breaks you get , like they did . ''
Rendon gave Chicago its biggest break with their error after just seven in the field all season . But their teammates were eager to shoulder the blame and take it off Rendon 's shoulders .
`` I 'll still want the ball hit to them tomorrow , '' catcher Matt Wieters said . `` The bigger problem is that we could n't put any runs up . ''
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Stephen Whyno , The Associated Press
Google today is expanding its speech recognition capabilities to support dozens of new languages , particularly those in emerging markets in India and Africa , the company announced this morning . That means more people around the world will gain the ability to search the web by voice as well as type via voice using Google 's keyboard app , Gboard .
The company says with the update , it 's adding 30 languages and locales around the world , bringing the total supported to 119 . The update includes 8 more Indian languages , as well as Swahili and Amharic , two of Africa 's largest languages .
The new speech recognition will be initially supported in Gboard for Android and Voice Search . U.S. English speakers , meanwhile , can now use voice dictation to express themselves using emojis , too . ( e.g . you can just say “ winky face emoji ” instead of hunting for it . )
The new languages are also available today in the Cloud Speech API , which already supported 89 languages , and is used in a number of third-party voice and video applications , like transcription services , speech analytics applications , IVR applications , and more .
In time , the new languages will be added to other Google products , including the Google Translate app .
However , the more critical part of this news is what this means for those in emerging markets – regions that are often ignored when it comes to being among the first to gain access to new technology advances from tech giants .
But with mobile , that 's changed . Tech companies are now aiming to establish footholds in these regions , as the next large swath of internet users come online .
In India , especially , Google 's move to expand speech recognition tech could have a significant impact . The country is estimated to have some 420 million mobile internet users as of this June , making India one of the biggest markets in the world for companies like Apple , Google and Facebook to address .
Google 's expansion with voice technology also comes shortly after a piece in The Wall Street Journal detailed how tech companies are rethinking their products for the developing world – in particular , how the next billion mobile users will heavily take advantage of technologies like video and voice . Google , for example , told The WSJ , that it 's been seeing “ a new kind of internet user ” – a group that 's “ very different from the first billion ” in terms of how they access the web .
To develop speech recognition capabilities for these new languages , Google combined human labor with its machine learning technology .
The company says that it works with native speakers to collect speech samples by asking them to read common phrases . This , in turn , helped to train Google 's machine learning models to better understand the sounds and words of the new languages to improve their accuracy when they were exposed to more examples over time .
The full list of new languages includes the following :
PARIS– Strand Releasing has acquired all U.S. rights to Franco-Senegalese director Alain Gomis ' “ Félicité , ” a standout at Berlin Film Festival which will have its North American premiere at Toronto before heading to New York Film Festival .
Sold by Paris-based Jour2Fete , “ Félicité ” won the Silver Bear at Berlin , where it also earned rave reviews .
The film follows Félicité ( Véro Tshanda Beya ) , a proud young mother who struggles to find the ressources to help save their 14-year old son who has been critically injured in an accident . Felicité fights their way through the streets of Kinshasa in a perilous world filled with dreams and music .
“ Gomis ' latest is far from the miserablist issue drama that synopsis portends , instead weaving a sensual , sometimes hopeful , sometimes disturbing urban tapestry with threads of image , sound , poetry , and song , ” wrote Variety 's Guy Lodge .
“ Félicité ” marks the fourth feature of Gomis , who penned the script with Delphine Zingg and Olivier Loustau .
The movie was produced by Andolfi , Granit Film , Cinekap production in co-production with Need Prods . Katuh Studios and Schortcut Films .
The deal was done between Jon Gerrans of Strand Releasing and Samuel Blanc of Jour2Fete .
“ We 're thrilled to have ‘ Félicité ' and equally proud to have it showcased in two of the best North American festivals for this fall , ” said Gerrans .
Strand Releasing plans for a release in late fall .
Founders ' Green Zebra gose released for ArtPrize
Founders Brewing Co. debuted Green Zebra , a watermelon gose , at Beerfest on the Bridge Saturday in Portland . Brewed for ArtPrize , 6-packs of cans are now available at stores . ( Photo : Tom Gromak / Detroit News )
Founders is known for its stouts and IPAs . But for this year 's ArtPrize beer , the brewers went in a different direction with Green Zebra , a watermelon gose available beginning today in beer stores everywhere .
`` No , we 're not really known for goses . This is the first time we 've ever released one , '' said Justin Smith , Founders ' sales representative for the brewery 's home region of Grand Rapids . Smith and Founders were sampling Green Zebra Saturday at Beerfest on the Bridge , a third-year beer festival in Portland , northwest of Lansing .
Smith said the brewery experimented with the beer for more than a year , running test batches through the Grand Rapids taproom last fall and winter before hitting the right flavor .
`` It 's a mild tartness . It 's fruit forward , but not overly sweet . There 's a hint of salinity on the back end , '' Smith said .
And it works . A gose is a style of beer with roots in Leipzig , Germany , traditionally brewed with sea salt and coriander . It 's an unfiltered , lightly hopped beer , and tends to be , all at once , sweet , tart and somewhat salty . The trend with American brewers is to add fruit flavors like lemon , lime or tart cherries to amplify the contrast between the sweet the tart and the salty .
Green Zebra achieves that with its namesake watermelon variety : the green zebra .
We found the result to be a sweet , juicy watermelon flavor up front -- real watermelon , not Jolly Rancher watermelon -- and a tart , slightly salty finish . At 4.6 % ABV and 10 IBUs , it 's a crisp , easy drinking beer for late summer -- if you 've got a taste for the tartness of a gose . Not all beer drinkers do .
Green Zebra is the fifth beer Founders has brewed in conjunction with ArtPrize , the annual street art festival in Grand Rapids . Previous entries included Inspired Artist Black IPA , Mosaic Promise , Spectra Trifecta Kolsch , and Pale Joe , a pale ale brewed with coffee . Each one has been brewed to be sessionable , meaning the beers have a relatively low alcohol content .
The beer 's label , an intense green zebra against a watermelon-red background , was designed by taproom employee Jacob Wiseheart .
Smith said Green Zebra hit Meijer shelves on Sunday , and is out in 6-packs of cans -- no bottles this year -- across Founders ' entire 46-state sales footprint starting today . It will also be available on tap in some bars and restaurants . It 's also on tap at the Founders taproom in Grand Rapids .
Green Zebra is out in 6-packs of cans today . ( Photo : Founders Brewing Co . )
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2wYhJNe
ATTOCK Aug 13 ( APP ) : Special Azadi Train arranged by Ministry
of Railways in collaboration with Ministry of Information ,
Broadcasting and National Heritage arrived here on Sunday by completing successfully its Khyber Pakhtunkhwa tour .
A large number of people warmly welcomed Pakistan
Railway Special Azadi Train at Attock Railway Station .
On the occassion , the DS Attock Railway Station said that first time
such a big number of people were present here to welcome Azadi Train , adding that people loved the country 's culture and history .
The visitors highly appreciated federal government for
arranging special Azadi Train to educate the people about the
history and culture of the country .
Officer Incharge Azadi Train , Iftikhar Hussain told APP that
Azadi Train was decorated in Railways Workshop at Islamabad , adding
that similar train was operated in 2014 and 2016 .
They said that Azadi Train would highlight theme of Rising
Pakistan throughout its journey for 15 days from Khyber to Karachi .
Pakistan National Council of the Arts 's ( PNCA ) 36-member
cultural troupe is also travelling with Azadi Train to entertain the
visitors during stay at various Railway Stations .
Earlier , after one night stay at Peshawar , Azadi Train was warmly
received at Noshera Railway Station .
A large number of people welcomed Azadi Train there .
They were carrying Pakistan flags also chanted slogans
Pakistan Zindabad on arrival of train . The visitors took keen
interest in the historical galleries and cultural float of the Azadi
Train specially in Kashmiri and Armed forces galleries .
Azadi Train today late evening will reach Rawalpindi Railway
Station for two-day stay .
Dr Ghulam Nabi Fai
“ Peace need not be impracticable , and war need not be inevitable. ” — John F. Kennedy
PEACE has eluded Kashmir for more than 69 years , every since British sovereignty lapsed on August 15 , 1947 . The Government of India holds the decisive cards to end Kashmir 's convulsions and carnage on a genocidal scale . No peace formula worth its salt , however , depends on altruism or unselfishness sentiments to succeed . India will accede to the steps necessary for peace , i.e. , permitting Kashmir 's sovereignty to be determined by the voice of its 20 million people ( 13 million in IOK ) , only if it perceives that such a bow to self-determination and international law and morality will strengthen its national and economic security . That advocacy task is not fanciful , but can prevail if pursued with deftness and soft diplomacy .
Kashmir has been plagued by conflict since 1947 for a simple reason : the denial of self-determination that has been enjoyed by countless other peoples in comparable circumstances , most recently in East Timor , Eritrea , Slovenia , Croatia , Bosnia , Macedonia , Montenegro , Southern Sudan .
In the meantime , life for Kashmiris has oscillated between grisly and gruesome . Approximately 700,000 Indian military and paramilitary forces occupy Kashmir and de facto impose martial law .
A free and fair plebiscite would show a commanding majority of the Kashmiri people in favor of independence . No impartial observer disputes that fact . In fact it was confirmed by a survey that was conducted by London-based Chatham House in May 2010 . If India believed its rule in Kashmir was by consent rather than by coercion , it would hold a plebiscite with alacrity , just as the United States routinely permits the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico to vote for independence . In the latter case , independence has never garnered more than 4 % of the ballots . The converse would be true in Kashmir . Accession to India would capture at most 4 % of a plebiscite vote in the Vale of Kashmir .
Kashmir 's legal and moral case for self-determination is equal or greater than that of the United States when it declared independence in 1776 with a population of but 3 – 4 million . The American grievances against King George III were but trifles compared to the human rights inferno which afflicts Kashmir . The Declaration of Independence protests the maintenance of standing armies , the obstruction of beneficent laws , the denial of trial by jury , and for making the military superior to the civil power . Kashmiris , in contrast , suffer from those same grievances , plus the gruesome human rights violations amplified above . In sum , every American who defends the Revolutionary War against Great Britain is compelled by legal and human rights principles to champion self-determination in Kashmir .
Peace in Kashmir rides on two seemingly conflicting realities . Kashmir will be chronically convulsed until its sovereignty is determined in accord with the wishes of the Kashmiri people . A plebiscite conducted by the United Nations is one option on that score . Indeed , United Nations Security Council resolutions contemplate that method . Contrary to what some have said , Kashmir is not a territorial dispute between Pakistan and India . And it is not a dispute provoked by foreign infiltrators or extremists . It is not a struggle between theocracy and secularism . Kashmir is every bit as much about self-determination as was East Timor or Southern Sudan in 1999 and 2011 respectively .
The second reality is that India holds 99 % or more of the political and military cards in Kashmir . No outside influence has exerted more than trivial direct influence over India 's Kashmir rule or diplomacy . For more than 69 years , the United Nations Security Council has not lifted a finger to enforce its plebiscite resolutions concerning Kashmir . Neither the United States nor NATO would risk a single soldier for Kashmiri self-determination . Pakistan is no military match for India . Its alluring economy , nuclear arsenal , and importance in the war against international terrorism deter moral or other sanctions for India 's aggression and misrule of Kashmir . India 's superpower status in South Asia and global stature explains why progress towards peace in Kashmir has been zero for more than 69 years . All the periodic dancing and jousting between India and Pakistan have been at best sound and fury signifying nothing .
India will never budge from its intransigence over Kashmir , say some experts , until it perceives that its national and economic security would be strengthened , not weakened , by acceding to self-determination . That task of persuasion is no fool 's errand . An independent Kashmir would not create military or terrorist vulnerabilities for India . The Kashmir 's constitution might contain a no-war clause as in Article 9 of the Japanese constitution . It might prohibit a Kashmiri army , as in Costa Rica . It could prohibit any foreign military bases or alliances , i.e. , insist on permanent neutrality , as in the 1955 Austrian State Treaty . It could require Kashmir 's adherence to all international counterterrorism conventions , including a corresponding extradition treaty with both India and Pakistan . These safeguards would make India more , not less secure from Kashmir dangers .
More important , Kashmir self-determination would eliminate the chief cause of India 's national security vulnerability . War with Pakistan would become fanciful and its military and paramilitary forces in Kashmir could be redeployed to the northeast or elsewhere to confront local secession . An independent Kashmir would not create a cascading dismembering of India . Its legal history is unique . And it speaks volumes that self-determination in East Timor , Eritrea , and Czechoslovakia did not occasion a spiraling disintegration of Indonesia , Ethiopia , or the Czech and Slovak republics .
India 's economy would also be uplifted by self-determination for Kashmir . Investment would climb because of greater political stability . India would save billions in slashed military expense . A free trade accord could be fashioned between India and an independent Kashmir to spur growth .
—Courtesy : Kashmir Reader
[ Dr. Fai is the Secretary General of World Kashmir Awareness . They can be reached
Gary likes to manage the assets themselves and uses self-directed accounts . But since the birth of their second child and increased demands at work , they have n't had much time to spend on the investments .
The couple is n't sure of the best strategy for managing their assets . They would like to retire in 18 years , the earliest opportunity to get an unreduced defined benefit pension plan from their employers . Ideally they will pay off their mortgage in the next 10 years , pay back a loan from their parents , and they want to make sure they are on track to save enough for their children 's post-secondary education . Forty-three per cent of their investment portfolios are allocated to equities , a big chunk of which is held in one individual stock . That single position makes up 28 per cent .
Justine and Gary are married federal public servants in their late thirties . They have two young children , earn $ 215,000 a year , and live well within their means .
Gary 's managed RRSP : $ 10,750
Gary 's self-directed RRSP : $ 3,568
TFSA : $ 15,641
RESP : $ 8,868
Individual stock : $ 25,000
Cash : $ 24,000
Liabilities :
Mortgage : $ 252,394
Personal loan from parents : $ 35,000 ( 1.5 per cent interest rate )
THE PLAN :
Gary and Justine are in a great place financially , as long as they remain with their current employers until they retire , says Robyn Thompson , a financial planner at Castlemark Wealth Management in Toronto .
“ Defined benefit pension plans are like gold in a retirement plan because their retirement fund is already taken care of , ” they say . “ They will have more than enough income to meet their needs . Their focus therefore should be on pre-retirement debt reduction or topping up their Tax Free Savings Accounts. ” They can add to their TFSAs by using their cash to contribute $ 12,000 each .
As for paying off the mortgage in 10 years , Thompson recommends the couple reallocate their annual $ 2,200 RRSP contributions to mortgage payments to make $ 8,200 in annual prepayments for the next six years . ( They currently add $ 6,000 in annual mortgage prepayments . ) “ This strategy will see their home paid off in 10 years , ” they say . “ Given that the defined benefit and government pensions provide more than enough funds to cover expenses in retirement , the $ 2,200 is better served as debt repayment . ”
Of course , the couple also needs to repay a $ 35,000 loan to their parents . Thompson says they could choose to use the $ 8,200 toward that goal instead . If their parents are in a hurry to be repaid , that will take precedence over eliminating the mortgage more quickly .
Alternatively , in four years , when the two children are in school full time , daycare costs , now at $ 27,204 a year , will decrease dramatically . The difference in funds could be used to pay back the loan .
If Gary and Justine continue with the annual $ 5,000 RESP contributions in addition to the current investments in the plan for the next 14 years , or until the oldest child is in university , they will have accumulated $ 184,000 , Thompson calculates . This is based on a 7.47 per cent rate of return — the benchmark for a balanced portfolio — and includes $ 7,200 per child in Canada Education Savings Grants .
The couple 's investment portfolio needs a rethink . Justine and Gary are balanced investors , yet their portfolio asset mix does not reflect this philosophy . Forty-five per cent of the portfolio is in cash , 12 per cent in mutual funds , and the entire equity position across all of their investment accounts is 43 per cent . One stock figures heavily in their equities .
Investing in an individual stock is not sound strategy , it 's gambling , Thompson emphasizes , and suggests the couple consult a financial planner to assist if Gary no longer has time to manage the portfolio properly .
For example , a balanced portfolio with an asset mix of 5 per cent cash , 25 per cent Canadian fixed income , 35 per cent Canadian equities , 25 per cent U.S. equities , and 10 per cent international equities has delivered an average annual compounded rate of return of 7.47 per cent historically over a 20-year period .
Gary and Justine need to spend time on estate planning . They have some life insurance , but do not have wills or powers of attorney for property or personal care . “ This is a major weakness in their current situation and should be addressed promptly , especially given that they have two young children , ” Thompson says . “ Guardianship should also therefore be addressed , and life insurance needs should be reviewed . ”
The real risk to their current situation is if one or both loses their job , becomes ill or disabled , or dies . A properly conceived financial plan will allow them to consider such worst-case scenarios objectively and plan for different outcomes , now while they have the resources and time to plan for it .
“ Life does not go in a straight line , so proper planning is truly essential for this couple , ” Thompson says .
Singer David Byrne is bringing their latest tour to Connecticut .
The `` American Utopia '' tour will play the Toyota Oakdale Theatre in Wallingford , CT on Sept. 8 at 8 p.m .
Tickets are priced from $ 45 to $ 175 and are on sale now through Live Nation at livenation.com and by calling Ticketmaster at ( 800 ) 745-3000 .
Byrne is said to be playing cuts from their latest release `` American Utopia '' along with hits from their Talking Heads catalog .
Wonder Woman ( 12A )
Running time 2hr 21mins
Rating : * * *
IT 'S been a while since we saw a female-driven superhero movie ; despite Marvel 's material offering bountiful sources of shoddily-clad silliness ( a Black Widow solo outing has been greenlighted ) , DC Films appears to have beaten them to it , with Wonder Woman , the fourth addition to their ( so far underwhelming ) cinematic ‘ universe ' .
While it gets its mission statement in early – needless to say , this is a sideshow to the Batman/Superman story arc – there 's much to like about the flick in its own right , and it 's possibly the most enjoyable entry in the franchise to date , a far cry from the breathtaking clumsiness of Suicide Squad .
It is , nevertheless , a real Frankenstein 's monster of a picture , tying together disparate elements in such a way that the
audience will never be able to fully immerse themselves in the film 's full vision , even if the ride itself is acutely enjoyable .
Though there 's thankfully little here of the straight-faced lore-mongering that has come to define Marvel 's silver-screen ventures , Wonder Woman 's premise is a little on the convoluted side , defying articulation in the space of a few easy sentences .
Diana Prince ( Gal Gadot ) grows up among an island community of warrior-women , entrusted by Zeus with the God Killer , a mysterious , powerful blade . When a downed pilot ( Chris Pine ) brings news of apocalyptic violence from the outside world , Diana , convinced of supernatural interference , vows to accompany them back to Europe , in the grip of a bloody ‘ war to end all wars ' , and destroy the evil once and for all…
More so than in the case of any other genre , superhero films have an oft-crippling tendency to confuse cheesy excess with genuine moral depth – Batman v Superman , whose ‘ action ' revolved around a set of immensely silly , very boring character subplots , will no doubt go down as the classic case study in this phenomenon .
Wonder Woman was going to prove an even harder sell in this regard ; there are few comic icons as self-referentially broad and camp , and a less rigorous treatment might have seen it go off the other end in an attempt to compensate with ‘ grit ' and ‘ darkness ' .
The film treads with surprising care , and Gadot 's act , executed with remarkable sensitivity , wins the day – we laugh WITH Diana , not at her , and the movie 's sincerity ultimately shines through . They are , by turns , bold , vulnerable , naïve and empathetic .
There are plentiful laughs to be had ( a fish-out-of-water odyssey through London provides the cream of the hearty comedy ) , but Wonder Woman knows when to take itself seriously – in keeping with the comics ' progressive ethos , there 's a strong anti-war current running through the story , with some rather gruesome glimpses at the fighting on the Western Front .
Unfortunately , the film is jarringly unfocused , unevenly stitching together its worlds of magic ( Diana 's homeland is a place of Arcadian idyll ) and war-horror . The epilogue , featuring a predictably explosive set-piece battle , feels bland , aimless and unnecessary ( an antagonist is introduced virtually out of nowhere ) .
Refreshingly , after a string of flops , the DC movie franchise has finally found its feet . Nevertheless , Wonder Woman , despite the best efforts of its cast and team , still feels a touch awkward , somewhere between tedium and triumph .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Authorities say they busted a local drug ring that was importing large amounts of heroin and crack cocaine from Bronx , New York , by concealing the narcotics inside the bodies of female associates .
Police have arrested 10 suspected drug dealers so far and continue to hunt for several others .
Investigators identified the ringleader as Charles Gibson , 37 , known on the streets as “ Bucky ” and “ Bro. ” They say they traveled back to a Bronx barber shop every few days to replenish their drug supply to sell in Luzerne County .
Arrest papers say investigators set up a plan to nab Gibson last week when they were returning from one of their drug runs . They were wanted for selling drugs to undercover informants , police said . They pulled their vehicle over on Route 115 in Wilkes-Barre Township .
Police said Gibson 's two passengers — their girlfriend Tanay Jones , 25 , of Bronx , New York , and associate Kassandra Martin , 35 , of Wilkes-Barre — later acknowledged having drugs hidden in body cavities , arrest papers say .
Martin was also charged with aggravated assault for a Dec. 13 incident at the female strip search area of the county prison when police say they fought with an officer while trying to hide smuggled drugs inside herself . The female officer suffered a broken back , police said .
Arrest papers say confidential informants told police that it was known that Gibson had female associates put their drugs inside their bodies to hide it from police during transport .
Court documents say the arrests were the result of a joint investigation by the Kingston police narcotics division , the state police , the Luzerne County Drug Task Force and the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives .
The others arrested as part of the investigation include :
• Bronx residents John “ Goose ” Maybank , 24 , and Luis “ JB ” Nevarez , 18 , identified as Gibson 's main drug runners .
• Allen Shotwell , 29 , and their wife Kristyna , 29 , of 73 High St. , Plymouth , the site of several alleged drug deals .
• William Waring , 25 , of Bronx , New York , accused of delivering drugs to 73 High St. twice while investigator had the home under surveillance .
• Adam D. Gottstein , 30 , of 15 S. Welles Ave. in Kingston , who was accused of selling heroin to a confidential informant
• Cara Dubaskas , 24 , of 615 Lee St. , Plymouth , who is accused of selling heroin to a confidential informant at 15 S. Welles Ave. in Kingston .
Maybank and Nevarez were arrested a month ago and jailed in the Luzerne County Correctional Facility . Magisterial District Judge Daniel O'Donnell set Maybank 's bail at $ 50,000 cash . Magisterial District Judge David Barilla set Nevarez 's bail at $ 100,000 cash .
Magisterial District Judge Donald Whittaker arraigned the other eight suspects last week , ordering them lodged in jail for failure to post $ 250,000 cash bail .
bkalinowski @ citizensvoice.com
570-821-2055 , @ cvbobkal
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - - Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice as Manuel Pellegrini 's Hebei CFFC kept their hopes of a place in next year 's Asian Champions League alive with a 2-0 win over Tianjin Teda on Monday evening .
The Argentinian striker 's brace moved Hebei up to fifth in the standings and just two points behind Shandong Luneng , who occupy the third and final qualifying berth for next year 's continental championship .
Lavezzi gave Hebei the lead after 25 minutes when they volleyed the ball home from eight yards ( metres ) out . Nine minutes into the second half they then doubled their side 's advantage with a low shot from outside the area .
`` The three points is important for us as we returned to fifth place on the rankings , sharing the same points with Beijing and Guangzhou R & F , '' said Pellegrini . `` We will face these two teams at home and we have 24 more points to fight for . These three points today are crucial . ''
Shandong Luneng moved into third place after Graziano Pelle scored twice in their side 's 5-0 thrashing of Shanghai Shenhua , while Guizhou Zhicheng stalled Guangzhou R & F 's impressive run with a 2-0 win over Dragan Stojkovic 's side .
Roger Schmidt kept their unbeaten start to life at Beijing Guoan intact with a 4-0 win over Liaoning Whowin and Changchun Yatai shared the points with last-placed Yanbian Funde in a 1-1 draw .
Guangzhou Evergrande , meanwhile , continue to lead the standings by five points from Shanghai SIPG as Luiz Felipe Scolari 's team began life without Barcelona-bound midfielder Paulinho .
The Brazilian has been their club 's standout performer this season but the defending champions managed to pick up all three points against Henan Jianye , despite their absence , with a 2-1 win that takes the club another step closer to a seventh consecutive league title .
`` Before the match we knew it would be very difficult , '' Scolari said . `` Henan is a very well-organised team and their defensive line was very good .
`` Today we were too anxious to score goals , and that anxiety did n't do us any good with our final shot . But of course in the end we gained what we wanted . ''
SIPG , meanwhile , kept pace with Scolari 's team thanks to an 88th minute winner from Wu Lei as Andre Villas-Boas ' side notched up a 3-2 victory over Chongqing Lifan .
The teams traded goals in a seesaw game that saw former Chelsea striker Oscar return after serving an eight-game ban for their part in instigating a brawl during SIPG 's draw with Guangzhou R & F in May .
Hulk put SIPG in front from the penalty spot only for Hyuri to level for Chongqing . Odil Ahmedov put Shanghai back in front before Liu Huan looked to have secured a point for the visitors in the 87th minute , only for Wu to score the winner a minute later .
`` We had the chance to finish the game at an earlier stage but we did n't convert our chances , '' said Villas-Boas .
`` Our scoring efficiency was not good enough , which will make things more difficult in later games . However , what satisfied me was that we eventually won . The three points are super important to us , '' they said .
( Reporting by Michael Church , editing by Gareth Jones )
by Christine Stuart | Aug 14 , 2017 12:43pm Google
( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment
Posted to : Congress , 1st CD , 2nd CD , Health Care , Insurance , Jobs , White House
Christine Stuart / ctnewsjunkie U.S. Reps. Joe Courtney and John Larson
MANCHESTER , CT — Following the failure of the U.S. Senate to repeal the Affordable Care Act , small groups of Congresspeople have been working to fix the problems that exist and proposing solutions .
U.S. Rep. Joe Courtney said the legislative proposal he 's putting forward with U.S. Rep. John B. Larson seeks to create stability in the individual marketplace and would allow 50 to 64 year olds buy into the Medicare system .
The two discussed their draft legislation outside Manchester Memorial Hospital Monday morning .
The proposal also reestablishes reinsurance for the marketplaces , maintains the cost-sharing reductions , which are payments that go to insurance companies to reduce the deductibles , co-pays , and co-insurance for low-income individuals , and reinstates risk corridors that expired in 2015 under the ACA .
It would also allow those age 50 to 64 to buy into the Medicare system without impacting the federal budget .
“ All of this is budget neutral . It does not cost one penny in terms of a budget score , ” Courtney said . “ There 's no new public subsidy or cost the taxpayer would incur as a result of our plan . ”
People in the 50 to 64 age group could use the qualifying subsidy to lower the cost of the Medicare premium .
“ That would give people an option that 's far more affordable than what exists today , ” Courtney said .
Currently , those who are 60 years old and purchase a gold plan are paying about $ 13,308 per year in premiums . Under the Medicare buy-in program that same plan would cost about $ 8,200 a year in premiums .
Courtney said because the Medicare population is so huge it 's ability to spread risk keeps premium payments lower than they are in the individual marketplace .
James Wadleigh , CEO of Access Health CT , said right now 50 to 64 year olds account for 35 percent of all of their enrollment in Connecticut 's exchange .
Allowing the 50 to 64 year old population to buy into Medicare would reduce costs to Medicare because the people entering the pool would be younger and healthier , and it would stabilize the individual marketplaces because those remaining would be younger and healthier .
By moving this population outside of the individual marketplace , “ it would bring down the cost of healthcare for everybody else , ” Wadleigh said .
Courtney and Larson were optimistic about Congress having an “ appetite for targeted fixes . ”
“ I think it 's time now rather than swinging for the fences we ought to be hitting singles and doubles in terms of trying to fix and improve the healthcare system , ” Courtney said .
They said everyone understands what will happen to insurance rates if they do n't work together on a solution .
Larson said they expect when they return to Washington D.C. on Sept. 5 for this to be viewed as a “ common sense , straightforward approach , ” to resolving some of the nation 's healthcare problems .
“ I hope one thing everyone in Congress can agree on is the need to drive down the costs , ” Larson said .
They said they think they can get beyond the politics and focus on a healthcare system that serves the American people . They recalled that back in 2009 they were only a few votes away from lowering the age of Medicare to 55 .
“ We think there 's a strong base to start from here , ” Larson said .
Congress returns on Sept. 5 and that 's when the legislation will officially be introduced .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Google today is expanding its speech recognition capabilities to support dozens of new languages , particularly those in emerging markets in India and Africa , the company announced this morning . That means more people around the world will gain the ability to search the web by voice as well as type via voice using Google 's keyboard app , Gboard .
The company says with the update , it 's adding 30 languages and locales around the world , bringing the total supported to 119 . The update includes 8 more Indian languages , as well as Swahili and Amharic , two of Africa 's largest languages .
The new speech recognition will be initially supported in Gboard for Android and Voice Search . U.S. English speakers , meanwhile , can now use voice dictation to express themselves using emojis , too . ( e.g . you can just say “ winky face emoji ” instead of hunting for it . )
The new languages are also available today in the Cloud Speech API , which already supported 89 languages , and is used in a number of third-party voice and video applications , like transcription services , speech analytics applications , IVR applications , and more .
In time , the new languages will be added to other Google products , including the Google Translate app .
However , the more critical part of this news is what this means for those in emerging markets – regions that are often ignored when it comes to being among the first to gain access to new technology advances from tech giants .
But with mobile , that 's changed . Tech companies are now aiming to establish footholds in these regions , as the next large swath of internet users come online .
In India , especially , Google 's move to expand speech recognition tech could have a significant impact . The country is estimated to have some 420 million mobile internet users as of this June , making India one of the biggest markets in the world for companies like Apple , Google and Facebook to address .
Google 's expansion with voice technology also comes shortly after a piece in The Wall Street Journal detailed how tech companies are rethinking their products for the developing world – in particular , how the next billion mobile users will heavily take advantage of technologies like video and voice . Google , for example , told The WSJ , that it 's been seeing “ a new kind of internet user ” – a group that 's “ very different from the first billion ” in terms of how they access the web .
To develop speech recognition capabilities for these new languages , Google combined human labor with its machine learning technology .
The company says that it works with native speakers to collect speech samples by asking them to read common phrases . This , in turn , helped to train Google 's machine learning models to better understand the sounds and words of the new languages to improve their accuracy when they were exposed to more examples over time .
The full list of new languages includes the following :
Goodale says there 's already a formal process to have a criminal record set aside . ( Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
OTTAWA—The federal plan to legalize recreational marijuana does not include the general amnesty for past pot convictions some would like to see , says Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale . Newly tabled legislation would allow people 18 and older to publicly possess up to 30 grams of dried cannabis , or its equivalent in non-dried form . But the Trudeau government is not considering a blanket pardon for people with criminal records for possessing small amounts of the drug , Goodale said in an interview . “ That 's not an item that 's on the agenda at the moment. ” The government has also made it clear that the move to legalization by mid-2018 does n't mean lax law enforcement during the transition period .
Article Continued Below
“ It is important to note that as the bill moves through the legislative process , existing laws prohibiting possession and use of cannabis remain in place , and they need to be respected , ” Goodale told a news conference last Thursday . “ This must be an orderly transition . It is not a free-for-all. ” The NDP has called on the government to immediately decriminalize simple possession , calling it a logical first step that would prevent young people from being burdened with criminal records for the rest of their lives .
The C.D . Howe Institute , a prominent think-tank , has recommended the government consider pardoning people convicted of pot possession — and drop any outstanding charges — to free up much-needed resources for legalization . Legalization could initially result in an increase in consumption and a need for more police monitoring and enforcement , prompting more government spending , the institute said last year in a policy paper . “ This discussion suggests that dropping charges against individuals for illegal possession who have no other Criminal Code convictions or charges , would save considerable government resources without other significant offsetting adverse spillovers , ” it said . “ Similarly , the federal government should consider pardoning individuals who have been convicted for illegal possession but have not been convicted or charged for any other Criminal Code offence. ” A pardon does n't erase a criminal record . But it can make it easier for someone to find work , travel and generally contribute to society . Goodale noted there is already a formal process to have a criminal record set aside . Those convicted of simple possession of up to 30 grams of marijuana are eligible to apply for a pardon , now known as a record suspension , five years after their sentence is completed . The Liberal government is reviewing Conservative changes that made people wait longer and pay more to obtain a record suspension . Goodale said “ there 's no specific consideration ” of difficulties in obtaining pardons for marijuana convictions . “ But the law does exist where people can make an application and have their case considered. ” An internal Public Safety Canada briefing note , released last year under the Access to Information Act , said the issue of record suspensions would be “ important to consider during the marijuana legalization discussions. ” Teens say pot legalization wo n't change their opinions on weed Marijuana bill promises much , including hurdles : Editorial Proposal to legalize marijuana confronts Ontario with tricky choices
Read more about :
Thanks a lot sir . You 're inspiring all the Indians around the world . # greatmen # proudindian https : //t.co/k6XnlvjD3p
President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday departed Malam Aminu Kano International Airport , Kano , for France , to participate in the One Planet Summit .
Continue to See More Photos Below ;
February 2 , 2018 ( JUBA ) - Amid the growing regional and international pressures , South Sudan 's government on Friday pledged readiness to participate with an open heart in the upcoming peace revitalization talks in the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa .
The second phase of the High-Level revitalization Forum ( HLRF ) convenes on February 5 to 16 , 2018 in Addis Ababa between the signatories of the peace agreement including , delegates representing the government , political parties and oppositions and Civil Society organizations .
The process will discuss concrete measures to restore permanent ceasefire ; full and inclusive implementation of the Agreement on Resolution of Conflict in the Republic of South Sudan ( ARCSS ) ; and develop a revised and realistic timeline and implementation schedule towards a democratic election at the end of the transition period .
Presidential adviser on security affairs Tut Kew Gatluak told Sudan Tribune on Friday that a delegation representing the government under the leadership of President Salva Kiir would go to the IGAD brokered process with open heart and mind to negotiate an end to the bloodshed in the country .
“ The President of the Republic , their Excellency , General Salva Kiir Mayardit is a man of peace . They have directed to the ( negotiating ) team to prepare and go to the peace revitalization and participate with open minds and hearts . So it is true . The team is ready , '' . said Gatluak .
`` It is actually the desire in fulfilment of the government plan to resolve the dispute amicably . There is a need to seek room for open dialogue without conditions and start to discuss the national issues with frankness , ” they added .
The IGAD which mediates the process , the African Union and the international community said frustrated by the failure of the warring parties in South Sudan to commit themselves to the humanitarian truce and to create a conducive environment for the revitalization process .
The presidential aide made the remarks before the imposition of U.S. sanctions on South Sudan . However , they did n't comment on the different calls for sanctions on the warring parties for the violation of the cessation of hostilities agreement .
On the 27 January , President Festus Mogae the Joint Monitoring and Evaluation Commission ( JMEC ) Chairman called to sanction the violators of the cessation of hostilities agreement .
Also , in an unusual shift , the African Union on Monday said it was open to impose sanctions on leaders violating ceasefires in South Sudan , joining a growing chorus of officials who say those prolonging the conflict must be punished .
” We need to act against those who , with impunity , are continuing to massacre their peaceful populations , ” the head of the African Union Commission , Moussa Faki Mahamat , told reporters at the AU Summit held in the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa .
( ST )
Islamabad
Federal Minister for Postal Services , Maulana Ameer Zaman Bukhari on Monday said that the government had no plan to privatise Pakistan Post .
Addressing a press conference here , the Minister said that there was no proposal under consideration to privatize Pakistan Post , clarifying that there was no reality in the news regarding the privatization of the Pakistan Post .
About 47,348 employees are working in Pakistan Post and the government is making efforts to improve the efficiency of the department under Prime Minister Postal Reforms Agenda .
They said that the Reforms agenda was under process for the last three years , adding that the approved reform-agenda includes Mobile Money Solution ( MMS ) , Pakistan Post Logistic Company , re-branding of Pakistan Post , initiatives through the public-private partnership and many other reforms as well .
Through MMS , sending and receiving money would be made possible , which is going successfully with private services like Easy Paisa .
Similarly , through Pakistan Post Logistic Company , it would be possible for the people to send things , having a weight of 50 kg at cheaper rates as compared to heavy rates of private services like TCS and Leopards Couriers etc .
In re-branding of Pakistan Post , reforms include changes in signboards and changing in the other infrastructure of different post offices as well ,
They said that Pakistan Post recently signed MOU with National Database and Registration Authority ( NADRA ) for renewal of CNIC through the postal service thus providing facility to the general public .
They said that Pakistan Post also signed MOUs with National Bank of Pakistan and United Bank Limited ( UBL ) , adding that efforts were under way for implementation of postal reforms agenda .
The minister said that the vacant posts have been advertised to induct required staff.—APP
Great horror cinema is so often about playing the long game , waiting out the slow burn , that it can be tricky to achieve in short form : A 20-minute runtime affords even the deftest filmmaker precious little room to nurture intrigue , ramp up tension and deliver a bone-deep payoff . Four talented female filmmakers give it their best shot in the polished portmanteau pic “ XX , ” with predictably mixed results — though it says much about the difficulty of the proposal in the first place that the most satisfying entry in the quartet is n't really a horror film at all . That 'd be the comically antic contribution by cooler-than-thou musician-turned-filmmaker Annie Clark ( better known in the media as St. Vincent ) , whose auspicious directorial presence alone adds a coat of cult potential to the project . Meanwhile , more experienced hands Karyn Kusama , Roxanne Benjamin and Jovanka Vuckovic turn in more traditional chillers in a range of registers , though none achieves more than a passing shiver .
A disparate palette of styles is to be expected , even required , in a venture of this nature . From Clark 's high-kitsch farce to Kusama 's solemn spin on Ira Levin , there 's no aesthetic throughline to be found here . ( Unless , that is , you count the structural glue provided by Mexican stop-motion animator Sofia Carrillo , whose ornately gothic haunted-toybox interstitials link the segments and prettily go with nothing at all . )
Conceptually , however , “ XX ” does n't hang together as well as it might . Though it 's a rare , welcome showcase for female talent in a largely male-steered genre — with all four films written and directed by women and boasting active female protagonists — anyone expecting a unified feminist subtext from the who will come away disappointed . While three of the films deal compellingly with the psychological strain of motherhood , Benjamin 's straightforward monster romp stands in the way of that becoming a binding theme . ( At an earlier stage , directors Mary Harron and Jennifer Lynch were set to complete shorts for “ XX ” ; one wonders what further dimension they 'd have brought to the collective . )
Vuckovic kicks things off with “ The Box , ” the only adaptation among the four ; drawn from a short story by Jack Ketchum , it 's also the most teasingly ambiguous of these mini-narratives . On a pre-Christmas family shopping expedition to New York City , young Danny ( Peter LaCunha ) is intrigued by the large red gift box carried by a sinister stranger , though after being offered a look inside , the boy goes strangely , silently off-color . From that evening on , they refuse to eat ; their mother ( Natalie Brown ) watches helplessly as this inexplicable affliction gradually spreads to their husband ( Jonathan Watton ) and daughter ( Peyton Kennedy ) . Vuckovic builds this uncanny scenario with a genuinely queasy command of atmosphere and a bloodied streak of grotesque humor , as this perfect suburban family is practically living dead by Christmas — but it 's too evasive to leave the viewer lastingly unnerved .
Next , Clark ups the comic ante in “ The Birthday Party , ” a delirious quick-sketch farce grounded by the anxious energy of Melanie Lynskey — the most prominent name in “ XX 's ” combined ensemble , making the best of its most flamboyant role . Overplaying just enough to match the film 's pop-art hyper-reality , Lynskey plays a flailing , manic mother attempting to throw a perfect birthday bash for their seven-year-old daughter . It 's a plan that moves even further past their capabilities when they find their husband dead and , in a defiant act of illogic that might be the film 's most horror-evoking trope , decides to keep up appearances anyway . Conceived , played , designed and scored ( by , naturally , St. Vincent herself ) in a gaudy , inventively high key , it plays less like a horror film than an extract from one of Liz Taylor 's more eccentric late-'60s vehicles , leaving one interested to see what Clark could deliver at feature length .
Clark 's co-writer Benjamin ( a horror-anthology pro , having contributed to “ Southbound ” and co-produced the “ V/H/S ” films ) next takes the reins in “ Do n't Fall ” : perhaps the most disposable of the four , but also the most faithful to its chosen strain of the genre . We 're in the 1980s creature-slasher territory here , as a college-student camping trip goes violently awry when the kids stray into some stretch or other of sacred desert . There 's less going on here at the level of character or internal terror than in the other three , making it less interesting as an individual entity . But it 's a skilfully coordinated retro runaround , and a showreel that demonstrates Benjamin 's viability as a director for any commercial horror franchise .
As the most established director here , Karyn Kusama comes to “ XX ” with less to prove , particularly after a successful foray into creep-out fare with “ The Invitation. ” Still , they reveal a fresh , freakier side of themselves in “ Her Only Living Son , ” which stars Christina Kirk as a ( nother ) nerve-raddled mother foiled in their well-meaning attempts to mark their child 's birthday . This time it 's the child himself , an abusive , shape-shifting brute who resembles Rosemary 's Hormonal Adolescent , who 's the chief obstacle to their plans , while the woman 's entire world turns against them over the course of the day ; sporadically spin-prickling and well-played by Kirk , it 's the film here that feels most like a potential feature hemmed in by its brevity .
Technical attributes across the four visually distinct films are solid , with particular standouts in the viscerally grisly makeup effects in Vuckovic 's entry and the garishly heightened design contributions to Clark 's . Even at their least individually striking , each of these mismatched tasters stirs an appetite for a fuller , meatier meal from its maker — cooked as bloodily rare as possible , please .
LONDON , Jul 4 ( APP ) : Quaid Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) Muhammad Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday asked the Accountability Court to defer the verdict in the Avenfield case for some days , till the health of their wife improves .
Speaking to media outside the Harley Clinic here , they said the courts many times reserved decisions for months but they wanted that the Accountability Court should not announce decision in their case for some days .
They said they wanted to hear the verdict in the court along with their daughter , who was with them and appeared in the court for about 100 times .
They said they would return to Pakistan whether the decision was in their favour or not . “ I will return as soon as Kulsoom 's health improves . They underwent an operation yesterday . ”
The former prime minister said that court announced the verdict on the eligibility of a person from Rawalpindi after reserving the decision for three months . “ I am not asking for three months , but a relief for some days . I am not a dictator who will run away from the courts , ” they said .
“ My wife has been on a ventilator for the last 21 days . I want to hear the verdict in the courtroom , where I have presented myself with my daughter over 100 times . ”
Nawaz was hopeful that their wife 's health will be out of danger in the coming days . They said people supported their narrative of “ respect my vote ” . The entire nation knew about the actions taken against him , they said .
They said they were representative of the people and would not disappoint the nation . Those who were stopping people from exercising people 's right to govern will get a response , they added .
In a weekend when the Minnesota Twins only gave up four runs , they only came away with one victory over the visiting Chicago White Sox , as the Twins dropped the weekend series 2-1 with a 3-1 loss on Sunday .
Starting pitchers James Shields ( 1-0 ) and Hector Santiago ( 1-1 ) traded scoreless innings until the bottom of the fifth , when Brian Dozier hit an inside-the-park home run , after White Sox center fielder Jacob May failed to make a diving catch , giving the Twins a 1-0 lead .
Shields bounced back the next inning . Throwing another scoreless inning , they finished the day going six innings , giving up five hits , one run , while striking out five and walking three .
On the other side , Santiago had a great start going going seven shutout innings , striking out six while giving up six hits .
In the eighth , Matt Belisle came to the mound , having given up only one run in their five appearances to that point . Belisle hit Jose Abreau on a 3-2 pitch with one out , then after a single by Avisail Garcia and Matt Davidson 's sacrifice fly to center field , the game was tied at one .
Things stayed that way until the 10th when Leury Garcia led off the inning with a double , then two batters later , Avisail Garcia , needing only a sac fly to give their team the lead , drilled an 0-1 pitch from Ryan Pressly ( L , 0-2 ) over the right center field wall to give the White Sox a 3-1 lead .
In the bottom of the 10th , White Sox closer David Robertson ( S , 3 ) made quick work of the Twins , striking out Max Kepler and Miguel Sano before retiring Joe Mauer on a 4-3 ground-out to end the game . Nate Jones got the win ( 1-0 ) .
This brought the Twins record to 7-5 leaving them a game behind the Detroit Tigers for the division lead .
The Twins welcome the defending American League Pennant-winning Cleveland Indians to town for the first time this season , as Danny Salazar ( 0-1 ) and Kyle Gibson ( 0-1 ) face-off at 7:10 p.m. Monday at Target Field .
Player of the Series
Ervin Santana is the player of the series once again , the second time this season . In Saturday 's game , Santana pitched a one-hit complete-game shutout striking out eight and walking only one . The one hit came in the top of the third . The performance brought Ervin Santana 's record to 3-0 on the year . In their league-leading 22 innings pitched , Santana has a 0.41 ERA ( second in baseball ) giving up only five hits , one run , while walking five and striking out 15 . So far this season , opposing hitters have hit .071 and have a WHIP of 0.45 , both leading the league .
[ Other view ] What comes after ‘ mother of all bombs ' ?
The US bombing last week in Afghanistan , using the most powerful non-nuclear weapon in its arsenal , signals a shift in US foreign policy .
It was the second Thursday night in a row -- after the justified airstrikes in Syria -- that the US used military force in a big show of might in a foreign conflict . This time the US used the biggest weapon ever employed in combat .
If this was just about stamping out Islamic State group soldiers hidden in caves and tunnels , we would laud the move unconditionally . Officials say the bomb took out 36 of the 800 Islamic State group fighters believed to be hiding in the mountains and destroyed tunnels and weapons .
We worry , however , that this is about more than that . What 's President Donald Trump 's end game ? Is there a comprehensive strategy behind these moves ?
Tensions are escalating around the globe . Trump says the Afghanistan strike was n't meant as a message to North Korea . They also said it does n't make any difference if it was or not : “ North Korea is a problem , the problem will be taken care of . ”
Such ambiguity is troubling .
North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong-un , has intensified their war of words against the US and may be planning a nuclear test . US military troops are conducting exercises near the North Korean border .
The president says he 's given their military leaders “ total authority ” to make moves they see fit . ( He authorized the Syrian attack ; it 's unclear whether they gave the green light for Afghanistan . ) That sounds like he 's given them free rein . At what point is that an abdication ? This country has a civilian leadership form of government for good reason .
The strikes on Syria were the right thing to do . That barbarous chemical attack they came in response to left 86 civilians dead , including children who burned up from the inside after breathing savage sarin gas . The strategy behind this bomb is less clear .
And where is Congress ? If Trump 's predecessor had done anything like this without congressional input , its leaders would have been apoplectic . Are they urging Trump to exercise any measure of restraint now ?
Americans need more information . The president must make clear they have a strategy with a realistic chance of defeating the Islamic State group without launching us headfirst into another war .
( The Dallas Morning News )
In 'The New Face Of America , ' Journalist Alex Wagner Saw Herself
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images
In 1993 , Alex Wagner saw a familiar face on the cover of Time magazine : It was a computer-generated picture of a multiethnic woman who reminded them of ... herself .
Wagner 's father is white and from the Midwest ; their mother is from what was then Burma . And after reading the Time story on `` The New Face of America , '' Wagner , then a teenager , decided to embrace their identity as a `` futureface . ''
`` I liken it to sort of thinking you were a pigeon and then finding out you were a toucan , '' says Wagner , now a journalist . `` It was like this thing that no one else had , this 'futureface . ' But as I got older , I felt the weightlessness of that . And I wanted to know what grounded me . ''
Wagner was filled with questions about where they belonged , which family stories were myths and which stories were left untold . Them new book , Futureface , is their attempt to find answers about their ancestry .
`` In the initial stages , I sort of started talking to family members , and they would tell me these stories , '' Wagner says . `` And inevitably — we all find this — there were snags in those stories , little kind of asides that did n't make sense . And I pulled them , and that 's really what the book is about . ''
Interview Highlights
toggle caption Ted Thai/Time magazine
On their mother 's and grandmother 's memories of home
Burma — and let me be clear , it 's also known as Myanmar — and the reason a lot of Burmese and Burmese exiles call it Burma : It 's a form of political resistance to the ruling military junta .
The stories of Burma were always redolent with the scent of frangipani blossoms , and , you know , these incredibly gauzy memories about life in the aftermath of British colonialism , which were n't ... political stories . But they were stories about this just incredibly romantic way of life . My grandmother would talk about having bananas at teatime and carrying palm fronds when the monsoon rains came , and I accepted all of those stories because they were like poetry . But they were n't grounded in any particular reality , and they did n't answer the fundamental question , which was , `` If life in Burma was so good , why did we leave ? ''
On fact-checking their family 's history
As I did the research talking to people in my family — namely my grandmother , who had the greatest wealth of stories — I also started cross-referencing some of the things they were telling me about with historical documents , which is not what we often do in the realm of family histories . And then , of course , I traveled to Burma . I went to the Burmese archives , which was a comedic endeavor if ever there was one . There was nothing , really — not much of an archive .
But what I did discover is that some of these sort of petty bigotries that were made manifest in family stories tied back to a very violent and virulent strain of Burmese nationalism that I had never even considered . ... In many ways , the Burmese upper class like my grandmother turned a blind eye to Indian massacres that happened in Burma ... at the time my family lived there .
Futureface A Family Mystery , an Epic Quest , and the Secret to Belonging by Alex Wagner Hardcover , 338 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming . How ?
On their father 's side of the family and the `` White Immigrant Origin Story ''
The White Immigrant Origin Story is effectively the American origin story , which is that , `` We immigrants from Western Europe left the Old World , we started anew , and because of our hard work and divine providence , we made it in America . '' ...
For the most part , the White Immigrant Origin Story either glosses over huge parts of reality and history — or is just a lie . And in the case of my grandfather , what we knew about them was built on falsehoods . And as I went back to Luxembourg and did intense genealogical detective work to find out who this person was , I realized that they bore no resemblance to the person we thought they are . And that was important because the heroism that is a fundamental part of the White Immigrant Origin Story , I think , can be exclusionary . And what I 'm trying to do in this book , I think , is to find a more inclusive narrative when we talk about America .
On finding their own community
I think we do a lot of work in this day and age focusing on the future and on the past . And we hope that somehow , we 'll find something in both places . But what I realized through all of this digging through , the place where you can really find yourself is , of course , right here , and that we do n't invest enough in the present . When we think of community , we think of some sort of nebulous , faraway group of people rather than the men and the women who touch our daily lives . And I realized that my people basically had been with me all along . ...
And I think as simple as that is , it 's changed my worldview . It 's changed the way I think of every single day . I began this book really feeling lonely and really plumbing the depths of my existential despair , but I came out of it feeling like I was part of a fabric that was pretty tightly woven .
Sam Gringlas and Melissa Gray produced and edited the audio story . Sydnee Monday adapted it for the Web .
Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos delivered a massive surprise Sunday night when they stole Shonda Rhimes away from their longtime home at ABC .
For this week 's magazine , on stands Tuesday , Sarandos granted a far-ranging interview with Variety on their plans to continue to build original content at Netflix , with both streaming movies and TV series . Netflix earned 92 Emmy nominations this summer for such series as “ House of Cards , ” “ Stranger Things , ” and the “ Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. ” And bringing Shondaland to Netflix will continue to elevate its status as a powerhouse in the TV world .
On Monday morning , Sarandos shared with Variety what it means to have Rhimes as part Netflix 's ever-expanding catalogue .
“ Our goal is to create a creative environment for great storytellers to do the best work of their lives , ” Sarandos said . “ Pick the right talent and support them . That model has served Netflix well in our business culture and for the last five years , it has served us well with the creation of original series , films , documentaries , and specials . ”
“ Shonda and I have gotten to know each other over the years and I have always had a tremendous amount of respect for them personally and professionally , ” continued Sarandos . “ I have sought their feedback and even delivered DVDs to their house myself of our upcoming projects . We live a few blocks from each other , their shows premiere on Netflix around the world , our offices are very near their ‘ Scandal ' stages and now that all comes together in this deal that will have Netflix be the new home of Shondaland , one of the most prolific and popular brands on television . ”
For more from our cover story , check back with Variety.com on Tuesday .
Staff Reporter
According to a judicial probe report investigating the mysterious death of Sindh University ( SU ) student Naila Rind which was presented in court on Monday , the student allegedly committed suicide following exploitation and blackmail by the accused in the case after the two exchanged photos of an intimate nature .
Rind 's body was found hanging from the ceiling fan of their room in SU 's Marvi Hostel in Jamshoro on January 1 , 2017 . They were a final-year student of the Sindhi department .
Anis Khaskheli , a lecturer at a school in Jamshoro , was arrested in connection with the case on the basis of the victim 's cellphone records . They later received bail in the case .
The report , submitted in court Monday by the Hyderabad District and Sessions Judge Amjad Ali Bohio , recorded the statements of the investigation officer ( IO ) and Senior Superintendent Police ( SSP ) Tariq Walait , as well as the accused .
SSP Walait told the judge that on the basis of the evidence and statements in the report , the IO believes the compelling cause , or reason , behind Rind 's death was deception and blackmailing by the accused .
ISLAMABAD , Jan 2 ( APP ) : Finance Minister Senator Mohammad Ishaq Dar said on Monday the country 's Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) appeared to be on upward trajectory .
Chairing a meeting here to review the economic performance in six months ended December 31 , 2016 , they said inflation was steady below 4 % in December while average inflation during July-December was recorded at 3.88 % , reflecting continued price stability .
The minister noted that the performance of Federal Bureau of Revenue was at around 7 % during last sux months which reflected catching up of the shortfall experienced in the initial months , largely on account of giving relief to consumers on petroleum prices together with sales tax refunds of Rs 45 billion .
On the expenditure side , the performance was on track as expenditure
was allowed in a prudent manner in accordance with budget , and keeping in view the revenue growth , they added .
The minister , while expressing satisfaction on recent economic performance , noted that economic activities were picking up , investments were taking place ,
particularly in CPEC-related projects which would further accelerate after the recent understanding with Chinese authorities to further expand the scope of CPEC by including water security , Karachi Circular Railway , mass transit programme for Balochistan , projects for Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , and rehabilitation of Railways related project .
They remarked that going forward , Pakistan would experience rising growth and creation of more job opportunities .
The meeting was attended by the Finance Secretary and other senior officials of the Ministry of Finance .
CHIEF of Awami National Party ( ANP ) Asfandyar Wali Khan has drawn attention towards a serious malice afflicting the politics of the country for the last few years . Addressing a rally in Harnai on Friday they ruled out entering into an electoral alliance with PTI accusing its leader Imran Khan of introducing politics of abuses in the country .
We believe that the point raised by the ANP leader is quite relevant and timely and leaders of other political parties would also ponder over it dispassionately with a view to bringing sanity back to the political scene . This is imperative in view of the forthcoming general election when all political parties would be in the fray and might indulge in different tactics aimed at harming others as we witnessed in such campaigns . No doubt , rare instances of hurling abuses and shunning the path of decency were also observed in the past but tension has increased due to use of foul language frequently . Criticism is one thing but calling names is quite another thing which must be avoided . There were times when we have towering political personalities like Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , Nawabzada Nasrullah Khan , Khan Abdul Wali Khan and Mufti Mehmood who bitterly opposed one another but never fell so low as our politicians do now . They conveyed their feelings and thoughts in a highly civilized manner and by doing so not only sensitised masses about weaknesses of the other side but also enhanced image of their own person and that of their parties . Not to speak of cursing their mother institutions , political leaders would not launch any indecent personal attack against one another . Code of conduct is there and we hope the Election Commission would take foolproof measures for its enforcement if the leaders themselves do not understand the importance of decency .
Related
The Canadian team behind the animated film The Breadwinner hopes Monday 's Golden Globe nomination will shine a light on its timely subject matter and promote empathy .
The film stars the voice of Toronto actor Saara Chaudry as 11-year-old Parvana , who disguises themselves as a boy in order to support their family while their father is wrongfully imprisoned by the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2001 .
The film is a Canadian co-production and has a homegrown cast , about half of whom are Muslim and have Afghan heritage . Oscar-winning actor-director Angelina Jolie is an executive producer .
“ Everyone keeps saying that this is a film that 's come out at the right time because of what 's going on , especially in the States , the Muslim ban , and I think this is a film that can actually help shed a light on what 's going on around the world that we 're not normally used to — especially that 's a film for kids , ” Andrew Rosen , a Toronto producer on the film , said in a phone interview after the Golden Globe nominations were announced .
“ We 've had a lot of kids watch this and ask their parents and ask at Q-and-A 's , ‘ Is this real ' or ‘ Did this happen 100 years ago ? ' And we have to say ‘ No , this is happening now . ' I think it 's really helpful when families go see it , for families to actually have this conversation with their kids . ”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A 35-year-old man doing doughnuts in a stolen tractor at a Wyoming County baseball field struck a state trooper who tried to arrest them earlier this week , state police at Tunkhannock said .
George Zacharias Jr. , 35 , , 864-Star Hill Road , Monroe Twp. , is charged with aggravated assault , resisting arrest and other counts from the Tuesday morning incident .
According to a criminal complaint filed by Trooper Albert Levanavage , the tractor 's owner reported that they saw their missing machine doing doughnuts in a baseball field near Plattsburg Road in Monroe Twp . State police set out to find it .
They found the tractor in an open field next to Hoyt Road and , lights and sirens on , tried to stop it . Instead , the tractor drove over a stone wall and into an adjacent field .
Troopers saw two people come out of the woods near a house on Star Hill Road , where they last saw the tractor , and ordered them to stop . A woman did . A man , later identified as Zacharias , ran back into the woods .
State police followed the footprints they left behind in the snow for one mile before apprehending them . Zacharias fought against their arrest and swung their elbow into the left side of Trooper Cody Scepaniak 's face .
A syringe and spoon , common items used to prepare and inject narcotics , were found in Zacharias ' pants pocket .
Zacharias is in the Wyoming County Correctional Facility in lieu of $ 25,000 bail . A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Thursday .
Re : The confusion around collisions with cyclists , June 12
The confusion around collisions with cyclists , June 12
Cyclists ' safety is not assured by them knowing what their right of way is , but rather by recognizing potential dangers and reacting to those , even when it means giving up their right of way .
Cycling beside or passing a vehicle as it is approaching or going through an intersection ranks right up there in the potential danger zone .
Is it better , while suffering serious injury or worse , to be able to say , “ it was my right of way. ” Or is it better , upon taking appropriate defensive action and remaining safe , to be able to simply say ( under your breath , of course ) , “ you a -- hole ! ”
INDIANAPOLIS -- Colts coach Chuck Pagano said they are n't letting the uncertainty of their job status weigh them down , despite it being the third straight year that he 'll head into the offseason not knowing their future .
`` You know what you got into , '' Pagano said Monday . `` That 's all I 've known forever . The shelf life for these jobs is n't long . You embrace every single opportunity , every single day , every single game to get to go to practice with these guys and grind , work and compete and play games . So it 's a blessing . You ca n't sit there and poo-poo and worry . I 'm good . I 'm good . ''
Colts owner Jim Irsay gave Pagano a four-year contract and extended former general manager Ryan Grigson 's contract in January 2016 . Grigson was fired last January , and Irsay would only go as far as to say that Pagano would be their coach for this season . New Colts general manager Chris Ballard has spent the entire season evaluating the entire roster and coaching staff .
Editor 's Picks Colts can focus on 2018 after OT loss to Bills in blizzard Colts coach Chuck Pagano likely will spend much of the plane ride back to Indianapolis second-guessing themselves for their playing-calling .
The Colts were officially eliminated from making the playoffs for third straight season after their 13-7 overtime loss to the Buffalo Bills on Sunday . The three-year drought is a drastic change from Pagano 's first three years as coach , when the Colts reached the playoffs in each of those seasons , including making the AFC Championship game in 2014 and having back-to-back undefeated seasons in the AFC South in 2013 and 2014 .
The Colts are 19-26 since their last playoff appearance . Pagano is the eighth-longest tenured coach in the NFL .
`` Grandfather of the [ AFC ] South , '' they joked .
Part of the reason that the Colts have struggled in recent years is because of the absence of quarterback Andrew Luck . Luck , who will have missed 26 games since 2015 by the end of this season , routinely covered up so many of the team 's flaws during their first three seasons . Luck , as ESPN reported in November , has been in Europe trying to find ways to stop the soreness in their shoulder , which they had surgery on in January .
`` He 's doing fine , communicating via email and text , making progress , '' Pagano said . `` I think everybody knows he 's in Europe somewhere getting some great treatment . He 's communicating with our docs and our trainers . They 're all communicating together . ''
Allen Fieldhouse is a lot less invincible this year , and so are its current residents .
Kansas lost only three games on its intimidating , loud and storied home floor in the five seasons before the current one . The seventh-ranked Jayhawks ' 84-79 loss to Oklahoma State on Saturday was their third defeat in Lawrence , Kansas , since the start of December .
As cringe-worthy as that stat might be for the Rock Chalk crowd , coach Bill Self has a more troubling problem on their hands . Kansas has essentially one more round trip through the Big 12 left on its regular-season schedule . The chances of winning a piece of a 14th consecutive league title have n't been on shakier ground in a decade . The blueprint for beating the Jayhawks sharpened even further into focus this weekend .
Playing at Allen Fieldhouse has n't been much of an advantage lately for Udoka Azubuike and Kansas , whose loss to Oklahoma State on Saturday was their third at home in the past two months . Ed Zurga/Getty Images
Oklahoma State ( 14-9 , 4-6 ) opened up a 13-point halftime lead by refusing to sag below the 3-point arc on defense . The Jayhawks did n't hit a jump shot in the final 10 minutes of the first half . They used their size and athleticism to get to the rim and the foul line , but without the ability to hit shots from the outside , an early lead for the Cowboys continued to grow .
Kansas made a run to keep the fans in Allen Fieldhouse engaged into the final minutes , but it was Oklahoma State 's shooters that controlled momentum with an answer to every big Jayhawk bucket . The hole was too deep and the Cowboys were too opportunistic for the Jayhawks to pull off a face-saving comeback .
The Jayhawks ( 18-5 , 7-3 ) still have enough of a formidable résumé to put them in the discussion for a No . 1 NCAA tournament seed . They ranked seventh in the RPI before Saturday 's loss with the fourth-toughest schedule in the nation . They have two wins against teams ranked in the top 10 at the time of those games .
It 's easy , though , to paint a less inspiring picture about their chances of doing serious damage in March . The two top-10 wins came against Kentucky and West Virginia . The Mountaineers have lost three straight heading into the weekend , and the Wildcats have shown flaws since losing to Kansas way back in November .
More troubling are the losses . Kansas has posted big numbers when shots are falling . When they 're not , Self 's team does n't appear to have a great backup plan . Kansas hits an average of 40.9 percent of its 3-pointers . In five losses this year , that number drops by nearly 10 percentage points , but the number of attempts does n't take much ( or usually any ) of a dip .
Every team in the crowded Big 12 standings now has at least three losses . Five schools -- half the league -- are within one game of first place . Almost everyone in that group ( Kansas , Texas Tech , Oklahoma , West Virginia , Kansas State ) will go head-to-head at some point before the regular season ends in four weeks .
While Kansas has the skill to win any and all of those games , the Jayhawks have yet to show the versatility and depth to do so with a cold-shooting performance . The promise of frontcourt cavalry on its way that could help Kansas pull away from the pack has come and gone . New additions on that front have helped , but not to the degree that some may have thought or hoped .
The Big 12 is full of questions as the season 's horizon comes into focus . Allen Fieldhouse and the Jayhawks , for the first time in a long time , might not have the answers .
French President Emmanuel Macron arrived at the White House Monday to meet with President Trump , and the two appeared to get along swimmingly . Despite the legendarily tense handshake they shared during their first meeting in 2017 , the two presidents were nothing but smiles on this time around , and memes of Trump 's White House meeting with Macron quickly filled social media .
Although various world leaders have visited the Trump White House , Macron 's arrival marked the first official state visit of the Trump presidency . So far , the event has largely been pomp and circumstance : The two ate dinner at George Washington 's old residence , planted a tree on the South Lawn of the White House and took a helicopter tour of Washington D.C. 's monuments , according to CNN . However , the two did meet privately and later held a joint press conference , where they talked Syria , the Iran nuclear deal and the recent van attack in Toronto .
Although the two leaders ' relationship got off to a somewhat fraught start , they heaped praise upon each other on Tuesday , and stressed that U.S.-French relations are as strong as ever .
`` Mr. President , they 're all saying what a great relationship we have and they 're actually correct , '' Trump told their French counterpart Tuesday . `` It is not fake news . Finally . It is not fake news . So it is a great honor . Great honor that you 're here . We do have a very special relationship . ''
Of course , the Internet was much less interested in the two countries ' diplomatic relations than the many meme-worthy moments that arose during the meeting . Here are some of the best .
Holding Hands
Quite a bit of hay was made about the fact that Trump and Macron , in the words of NBC News , `` awkwardly held hands for a prolonged moment '' while heading to their press conference .
A Budding Bromance
Likewise , Trump and Macron shared a handshake at their presser that must be seen to be believed . Macron later tweeted out a picture of the handshake with the caption `` France—USA . ''
Rejected ?
Footage from the Macron meeting also showed the president attempting to get first lady Melania Trump to hold their hand . They eventually did .
Melania 's Hat
This one speaks for itself . As does Melania 's hat .
The Phantom Kiss
One angle of the meeting appeared to show Trump faking a kiss with Melania , stopping several inches short of actually touching their face , while giving a real kiss to French First Lady Brigitte Macron .
The Dandruff Sweep
Although this does n't appear to be an actual quote from Goodall , Trump did indeed reach over and sweep what they claimed was dandruff off of Macron 's shoulder during one of their public appearances . `` We have to make them perfect , '' Trump explained before correcting themselves moments later : `` He is perfect . ''
Get It In Writing
Zing !
Throwback Hit
There 's no word yet on whether either of the men were wearing cherry Chapstick .
Planting The Tree
A strangely picturesque image of Macron and Trump shoveling dirt onto a tree also became an instant meme .
Dark Side Of The Lawn
And where can I hear it ?
Linguistic Subtleties
Mmmkay , moving right along ...
Good Luck Unseeing This
Apologies to the Young Pope fans .
Right Out Of A Magazine , But The Wrong Magazine
Here 's a reference picture . All that 's missing is the black stripe .
The Macron-Trump relationship became the source of endless speculation after their first meeting , in which they shared a long and fraught handshake that produced countless thinkpieces , memes and even an explanation by Macron . The two appeared much more friendly with one another during this latest meeting , but that did n't prevent the denizens of Twitter from busting out the memes . It merely resulted in different , slightly odder memes .
Marc Gasol is 1-8 from the floor with their hands…1-1 with their head . pic.twitter.com/d66e85FK79 — Gabe Goodwin ( @ GabeTheWP ) April 18 , 2017
The Grizzlies are getting slaughtered by the Spurs again . Marc Gasol is not having a splendid offensive evening . Nonetheless , this is a fun highlight . ( Many apologies for taking the easy route on the headline . )
After debuting last week at a pace equal to the five-year average , U.S. corn planting progress fell behind normal in USDA 's weekly Crop Progress report released Monday afternoon . USDA estimated 6 % of the nation 's corn crop was planted as of Sunday , behind last year 's pace of 12 % and also behind the five-year average pace of 9 % .
The delay in planting was due to frequent and widespread showers across the Corn Belt last week , DTN Senior Ag Meteorologist Bryce Anderson explained in an Ag Weather Forum blog .
USDA also reported that 19 % of U.S. winter wheat was headed as of Sunday , April 16 , up from 11 % a year ago and also up from the five-year average of 13 % headed .
Fifty-four percent of the winter wheat crop was rated good to excellent and 19 percent was headed . Meanwhile , spring wheat planting was reported at 13 % complete as of Sunday , down from last year 's 25 % and also below the five-year average of 21 % planted .
In other crop reports , sorghum was 21 % planted , compared to 16 % last year and a 20 % five-year average . Cotton planting was 8 % complete , compared to 7 % last year and a 9 % average . Rice was 55 % planted , compared to 46 % last year and a 37 % average . Twenty-five percent of rice was emerged .
Oats were 45 % planted as of April 16 , compared to 53 % last year and a 52 % average . Emergence was at 29 % , compared to 29 % last year and a 35 % average .
National Crop Progress Summary This Last Last 5-Year Week Week Year Avg . Corn Planted 6 3 12 9 Winter Wheat Headed 19 9 11 13 Spring Wheat Planted 13 5 25 21 Cotton Planted 8 6 7 9 Sorghum Planted 21 18 16 20 Oats Planted 45 33 53 52 Oats Emerged 29 26 29 35 Barley Planted 13 9 31 28 Rice Planted 55 31 46 37 Rice Emerged 25 13 18 17
National Crop Condition Summary ( VP=Very Poor ; P=Poor ; F=Fair ; G=Good ; E=Excellent ) This Week Last Year VP P F G E VP P F G E VP P F G E Winter Wht 3 10 33 46 8 3 10 34 46 7 2 7 34 48 9
NEBRASKA
For the week ending April 16 , 2017 , temperatures averaged four to six degrees above normal , according to the USDA 's National Agricultural Statistics Service . Rainfall of an inch or more was limited to portions of the eastern half of the State . Dry soil moisture conditions continued in southwestern Nebraska . The first fields of corn were planted , however , fieldwork in most areas was limited to spring tillage and fertilizer application . There were 4.8 days suitable for fieldwork . Topsoil moisture supplies rated 5 percent very short , 18 short , 74 adequate , and 3 surplus . Subsoil moisture supplies rated 7 percent very short , 23 short , 68 adequate , and 2 surplus .
Field Crops Report : Corn planted was 3 percent , near 6 last year , and equal to the five-year average . Winter wheat condition rated 1 percent very poor , 8 poor , 38 fair , 46 good , and 7 excellent . Winter wheat jointed was 7 percent , behind 17 last year and 13 average .
Oats planted was 70 percent , near 68 last year and 66 average . Oats emerged was 26 percent , ahead of 20 last year , and near 22 average .
Livestock , Pasture and Range Report : Cattle and calf conditions rated 0 percent very poor , 0 poor , 15 fair , 71 good , and 14 excellent . Calving progress was 82 percent complete , near 84 last year and 83 average . Cattle and calf death loss rated 1 percent heavy , 65 average , and 34 light .
Sheep and lamb conditions rated 0 percent very poor , 1 poor , 22 fair , 68 good , and 9 excellent . Sheep and lamb death loss rated 1 percent heavy , 74 average , and 25 light .
Hay and roughage supplies rated 1 percent very short , 4 short , 91 adequate , and 4 surplus .
Stock water supplies rated 1 percent very short , 5 short , 93 adequate , and 1 surplus .
KANSAS
In Kansas , temperatures were six to ten degrees above normal , according to the USDA 's National Agricultural Statistics Service . Central and eastern counties continued to receive rainfall , while most western counties remained dry . The additional rainfall aided pasture and wheat development , but continued to delay corn planting in many areas . Powdery mildew and stripe rust have been identified in some wheat fields . There were 4.0 days suitable for fieldwork . Topsoil moisture rated 4 percent very short , 13 short , 70 adequate , and 13 surplus . Subsoil moisture rated 5 percent very short , 20 short , 70 adequate , and 5 surplus .
Field Crops Report : Winter wheat condition rated 4 percent very poor , 12 poor , 33 fair , 45 good , and 6 excellent . Winter wheat jointed was 65 percent , behind 75 last year , but ahead of the five-year average of 58 . Headed was 9 percent , ahead of 3 last year , and near 6 average .
Corn planted was 9 percent , well behind 32 last year , and behind 18 average .
Livestock Report : Cattle and calf conditions rated 0 percent very poor , 2 poor , 21 fair , 69 good , and 8 excellent . Calving progress was 91 percent complete , near 90 last year . Cattle and calf death loss rated 1 percent heavy , 55 average , and 44 light .
Sheep and lamb conditions rated 0 percent very poor , 1 poor , 14 fair , 82 good , and 3 excellent . Lambing progress was 96 percent complete . Sheep and lamb death loss rated 1 percent heavy , 60 average , and 39 light .
Dua Lipa has new rules for getting over that ex , but life may not be that simple for all of us . Luckily , if you are still suffering from a broken heart , science has finally figured out the best way to get over your breakup !
I remember friends telling me `` the best way to get over someone is to get underneath someone else . '' Well , that is not the way to repair a broken heart .
So what 's the key to getting on with life faster ? A new study published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology says that general distraction seems to be the best option for that .
“ Distraction is a form of avoidance , which has been shown to reduce the recovery from a breakup , ” according to the study 's co-author Sandra Langeslag .
So the strategy should be used sparingly to boost your mood in the short term . Distractions can be new hobbies , going back to school , or hitting the gym hard . Basically , you want to consume your time with something other than thinking of your ex .
Want to take a more angry route ? Well , the next option to get over its by actually bashing your ex .
If you focus on the negative aspects of your past relationship , and the things that they did to bother you , you will move on faster .
You can read more about these techniques by clicking here .
Brussels
The EU fears international rules are inadequate for post-Brexit Britain and is weighing new methods to crack down if the UK adopts unfair practices to boost its economy , said an official document seen by AFP Thursday .
European Union negotiators made their warning last week in a seminar to diplomats from the 27 remaining member states , which was devoted to how to maintain a “ level playing field ” after Britain leaves the bloc 's single market .
“ International rules do not adequately address the ( potential ) distortive effects of subsidies on investment , trade and competition , ” said a presentation to the diplomats by the European Commission , the EU 's executive arm .
This means “ the EU-UK agreement will have to include robust provisions on state aid to ensure a level-playing field with the member states , ” it added.—APP
JOHN HANNA , AP Political Writer
TOPEKA , Kan. ( AP ) — Big questions about taxes and spending will shape the Kansas Legislature 's work after its annual session opens Jan. 9 .
But the biggest question might be how much GOP moderates work with conservatives and how often they seek deals with Democrats .
Lawmakers and Gov . Sam Brownback must close a projected shortfall of more than $ 345 million in the current budget and estimated gaps in funding for existing programs that total almost $ 1.1 billion through June 2019 .
It 's not clear whether the Republican-controlled Legislature will increase taxes or pressure Brownback to rethink income tax cuts they championed in 2012 and 2013 .
And with a Kansas Supreme Court ruling on education funding expected soon , lawmakers will face pressure to provide more money for public schools .
The Progressives Congress , APC , Youths Renaissance has advised US President , Donald Trump to ignore accusations that President Muhammadu Buhari is a killer of Christians .
A statement by Collins Edwin , APC Youths Renaissance criticised the reaction of former Aviation Minisiter , Femi Fani-Kayode , to the phone conversation between Buhari and Trump .
APC said their allegation that President Buhari is a ‘ killer of christians ' and supporter of herdmen which they called
‘ Fulani-Terrorists ' was unfortunate .
“ We are using this medium to tell President Trump and the world that President Buhari is neither a killer of christians nor supporter of herdsmen , but a lover of christians and muslims alike , ” the statement reads .
“ He is as defender of all Nigerians and their territory as seen in the decimation of Boko Haram terrorists and the rescuing of 24 Chibok girls which President Trump testified during their phone conversation .
“ It is however incongruous that while Nigerians are looking up to new level of bilateral relationships between Nigeria and the United States under President Trump , inglorious elements like Fani-Kayode are busy fanning their familiar embers of discord and acrimony .
“ If we may ask , when did Fani-Kayode started recognising their Christian beliefs and has suddenly become a midnight christian activist when theirs
alleged financial scams on whose account they are being tried in our courts have denied millions of Christians their daily breads and access to better life ?
“ To Fani-Kayode and other leeches who allegedly plundered our patrimonial wealths but are busy trying to create escape routes by whipping up religious and ethnic sentiments so that the country would be enmeshed in crisis , we say to them sorry , because Nigerians can not be hoodwinked . ”
Police have today released a picture of a man found dead at a property in Scarborough .
Shaun Atkinson was found dead by paramedics who went to St Johns Avenue , Scarborough , around 6.25pm on Tuesday December 27 .
Father and son Barry Rewcroft , 51 , and Ruben Rewcroft , 20 , appeared in court last Thursday accused of killing the 49-year-old .
Both are charged with murder and with carrying an offensive weapon in a public place , in Barry 's case a knife and a baseball bat for Ruben .
Mr Atkinson 's grieving family have issued the image via the police .
New Delhi : Honor , the e-brand of Huawei , on Thursday announced that one of its most affordable dual-lens smartphones - the Honor 7C , will be available exclusively on Amazon on Thursday .
The phone will go on its first flash at 12 noon on Amazon . Honor 7C will be available in 2 memory variants : 3GB+32GB and 4GB+64GB . Honor 7C ( 3+32GB ) will be available at Rs 9,999 and the 4+64GB variant will come at Rs 11,999 .
The phone will also be available at 'No Cost ' EMI . Customers can also avail Rs 2200 Cashback and 100 GB Additional 4G Data with an exclusive Jio offer .
Honor 7C comes with a 5.99 inch FullView display offering a pixel density of 268ppi , 75.4 percent screen-to-body ratio , and 16M colors . The phone comes with Smart Face Unlock feature , Snapdragon 450 processor , 3GB/4GB RAM clubbed with 32GB/64GB storage .
Packed with a 13 MP + 2 MP dual rear camera system and an 8 MP front camera with soft selfie lighting flash , the Honor 7C comes with 3000mAh battery .
The Honor 7C was launched alongside Honor 7A in India . Honor 7A was sold out within 120 seconds after being offered on first flash sale on Flipkart on Tuesday . The Honor 7A features a 5.7-inch HD+ display , Snapdragon 430 processor , 3GB RAM coupled with 32GB internal memory , face unlock and fast fingerprint scanner . The device is Packed with a 13 MP + 2 MP dual rear camera system and an 8 MP front camera with soft selfie lighting flash .
Have your say
A low-key hockey tournament attracted some big names to Bretton Gate last weekend ( June 30/July 1 ) .
The City of Peterborough sevens event proved popular as usual with Badgers winning the men 's event on Saturday and Ragamuffins taking the mixed honours on Sunday .
The men 's event was a 10-team affair involving nine round robin matches in blistering heat followed by a final .
Sticky Toffee Puddings topped the standings by five points from Badgers after a gruelling day , but the latter won the cup after a penalty shoot out that went to sudden death .
It was 3-3 after normal time with National League player Chris Porter of Oxted CC scoring a high-class hat-trick for Sticky Toffee Puddings .
Badgers , who won the shootout 5-4 , were captained by another ex-Peterborough star Grady Wing , who now plays for Preston .
Ragamuffins were a team of mainly City of Peterborough players and they beat the Peaky Blinders , a team of National League players captained by former City player Tom Wadsworth , 2-1 in the mixed final .
Wadsworth scored in the final , but two Jordan Heald goals proved more decisive .
Peaky Blinders had pipped Camp Retro to a place in the final on goal difference .
The weekend was part of another highly successful beer festival week at Bretton Gate .
WASHINGTON—U.S . President Donald Trump on Tuesday said Kim Jong-un wants a historic , high-stakes meeting as soon as possible and suggested the North Korean dictator has been “ very open ” and “ very honourable , ” a sharply different assessment of a leader they once denounced as “ Little Rocket Man. ” The United States and North Korea have been negotiating a summit between Trump and Kim Jong-un to be held in May or June to broker a deal on Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions . Trump , who has struck a decidedly optimistic tone on the situation in recent days , said Tuesday that the United States and North Korea were having “ good discussions. ” “ We have been told directly that they would like to have the meeting as soon as possible . We think that 's a great thing for the world , ” Trump said at the White House alongside French President Emmanuel Macron . “ Kim Jong-un , they really has been very open and I think very honourable from everything we 're seeing. ” Trump cautioned that North Korea had not followed through on previous promises , but credited tough steps from their administration — including sanctions and organizing pressure from international allies — for having forced Pyongyang to hold talks . And they again suggested that they would “ leave the table ” if they negotiations were not productive or if North Korea was not operating in good faith . “ We 'll see where that all goes , ” the president said . “ Maybe it will be wonderful or maybe it wo n't . ”
Article Continued Below
Trump 's comments came days after a flurry of signs from North Korea that the White House was anxious to promote as signs that its coercion campaign was working . On Saturday , North Korea announced it will close its nuclear testing facility and suspend nuclear and intercontinental ballistic missile tests — a move welcomed by Trump as “ big progress . ”
“ Kim Jong-un , they really has been very open and I think very honourable from everything we 're seeing , ” Trump said at the White House alongside the French President . This is a sharp break from the American president 's previous denunciations of Kim Jong-un as `` Little Rocket Man . '' ( Ahn Young-joon / The Associated Press )
However , the North stopped short of suggesting it will give up its nuclear weapons — as Trump suggested in a weekend tweet — or scale back its production of missiles and their related components . When pressed Tuesday what they meant by the goal of “ denuclearization , ” Trump said “ It means they get rid of their nukes . Very simple. ” “ It would be easy for me to make a simple deal and declare victory . I do n't want to do that , ” the president said .
Read more : Donald Trump says North Korea agreed to denuclearize . It has n't North Korea suspends nuclear , ICBM tests World watching for signs of North Korean nuke deal at 2 summits This week , U.S.-allied South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Kim will hold a summit in the demilitarized zone between the Koreas that could lay the ground for Trump 's planned meeting with the North Korean dictator . The leaders of the U.S. and North Korea have never met during six decades of hostility since the Korean War . The exact date and location of the possible summit has not been determined . White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that the U.S. goal was the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . When asked if the president was willing to accept anything short of that goal before lifting sanctions or was willing to go incrementally , they told reporters : “ Certainly no sanctions lifted until we see concrete actions taken by North Korea to denuclearize. ” Last year , the U.S. spearheaded through the UN Security Council the toughest international sanctions yet against North Korea in response to three long-range missile launches and its most powerful nuclear test explosion yet . The Trump administration supplemented those restrictions with unilateral U.S. sanctions against firms that had conducted illicit trade with the North . This year , Kim has pivoted from confrontation to diplomacy and , according to South Korea and China , has expressed a commitment to denuclearization . There is still uncertainty about what they seek in return . Trump 's praise for Kim Jong-un on Tuesday stood in stark contrast to their previous bellicose rhetoric toward the North Korean leader . Beyond dubbing them “ Little Rocket Man ” from the rostrum of the United Nations last fall , Trump has threatened to deliver “ fire and fury ” upon North Korea and taunted Kim Jong-un on Twitter that their nuclear “ button ” was larger than the one in Pyongyang . Later Tuesday , Trump sidestepped a question as to why they would use the word “ honourable ” to describe Kim , who has been accused of starving their own people , executing their political opponents and ordering the killing of a member of their own family .
Read more about :
Celebrity chef Mario Batali ( Photo : Andy Kropa / AP )
New York — Mario Batali is giving up oversight of the daily operations at their restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years .
The online site Eater New York reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women , three whom worked for Batali . In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press , Batali said that the complaints “ match up ” with their past behavior .
“ I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain , humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers , employees , customers , friends and family , ” Batali said .
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behavior by Batali in October . The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that they were reprimanded and required to attend training .
Batali will also take leave from their ABC cooking show , “ The Chew . ”
“ We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention , ” the network said Monday . “ ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment . While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show , we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct . ”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2iQWQOY
Google has acquired a significant piece of land in Nevada , near Reno and Tesla 's Gigafactory site , which will house a future data center , and could also host a testing track for Waymo , the Alphabet-owned autonomous driving company . The purchase of the 1,210 acres in Nevada 's Tahoe Reno Industrial Center was reported by The Wall Street Journal on Monday , and follows the filing of documents detailing the transaction late last week .
The purchase of land does n't mean Google is breaking ground on a new data center immediately ; the report says there are n't any plans in the books to start construction right away . But with increasing emphasis on its cloud-based business , it 's unlikely the company will sit idle on plans to build new data center infrastructure for long .
More interesting might be the WSJ 's assertion that several people suggested Google might use the site as a future testing facility for Waymo 's autonomous vehicles . Nevada is in the process of passing legislation that could see it eventually allow self-driving tests with potentially fewer restrictions than are in place for testing in California , which might make it a good site for high-speed testing of vehicles , above the 35 MPH cap currently in place in Google 's home state .
The theory that Google could use the land for testing of vehicles is based mostly on the regulatory conditions in Nevada , and its co-backing of the bill currently making its way through the legislative process , as well as the fact that the parcel of land is much larger than would be required for any single data center . Still , it 's an interesting possibility , and one that makes sense if Waymo wants to continue expanding its real-world testing capabilities .
KARACHI , Aug. 14 ( APP ) : The Pakistan Navy has launched the
national campaign for mangroves plantation .
A PN statement issued here on Monday said that ` Pakistan
Navy-Mangroves Plantation Campaign 2017′ has been launched in
the Coastal Areas of Sindh and Balochistan provinces on the eve
of Independence Day .
Chief of the Naval Staff , Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah , was the
chief guest on the occasion and inaugurated Pakistan Navy Mangroves
Plantation Campaign by planting sapling of Mangroves .
The Campaign entails an effort to plant over one Million
Mangroves in the Coastal Areas of Sindh and Balochistan provinces .
While speaking on the occasion , Chief of the Naval Staff
highlighted that deforestation of mangroves has not only affected
biodiversity of our coastal areas but also livelihoods of coastal
communities .
Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah elaborated that these campaigns will
not only increase the Mangrove forest cover but will also play a key
role in awareness of masses about the importance of these forests .
The Naval Chief emphasized all the relevant Federal , Provincial
institutions and all sections of the society to join hands for this
noble cause .
Emphasizing the importance of mangroves the Naval Chief announced
that the name of the campaign be changed to National Campaign for
Mangroves Plantation 2017 .
While giving their message on Independence Day the Naval Chief said
that Independence is a great virtue . They said , ` Let us pledge that we
will value it and we will perform our duties with complete honesty and
we all will contribute in making this country greater ' .
Mangroves are vital to coastal ecosystem , prevention of sea
intrusion and sustainment of marine life . Unfortunately over the
years , Mangroves along the Pakistani coast have diminished due to
negligence and apathy of all concerned .
Being a major stakeholder of the maritime domain and realizing
the importance of mangroves for marine life , Pakistan Navy has taken a
major initiative to revive Mangrove forests all along the coast .
Realizing the importance of Mangroves forests in combating
pollution , countering coastal erosion and providing a number of
economic and financial opportunities to coastal communities , Pakistan
Navy in line with the vision of the Federal Government regularly under
takes Mangroves Plantation Campaigns .
Over one Million Mangroves saplings were planted last year with
the collaboration of Forest Departments of Sindh & Balochistan ,
International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) and World
Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) .
Through these campaigns , not only more forests are raised but
also the existing Mangroves forests can be conserved .
The inauguration ceremony was attended by a large number of
senior military and civil officials including representatives from
business community , journalists , World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) ,
International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) , officials from
Federal and Provincial Forest Departments .
This cover image released by Third Man Records shows `` Boarding House Reach , '' a release by Jack White . ( Third Man Records via AP )
This cover image released by Third Man Records shows `` Boarding House Reach , '' a release by Jack White . ( Third Man Records via AP )
Jack White , `` Boarding House Reach '' ( Third Man )
For their third solo album , Jack White , the mad scientist of rock , got out of their comfort zone . Mind you , their comfort zone would make a lot of musicians go insane .
White recorded in New York and Los Angeles for the first time and sought out musicians they had n't worked with before - some they had n't ever even met . Then they listened to what happened .
`` Boarding House Reach '' is the result and it 's thrilling stuff , but more than a little disorienting . White 's trademark yowl and fuzzy guitar are firmly in place but then , suddenly , there might be a conga drum solo . Or a synth riff . Or a face-melting distorted chorus . You quickly get the sense that this is what the inside of Jack White 's head sounds like .
The 13-track Frankenstein-like album does n't always work , but when it does , it 's like a jolt of electricity , mixing hip-hop , gospel , blues , country and hard rock . `` Forgive me and save me from myself , '' White warns us in one lyric .
The successes include the funky , hard-rocking tunes `` Over and Over and Over '' and `` Corporation . '' '' Ice Station Zebra '' is brilliant , but in bizarre way . Many of the album 's best moments are drum-led , extended propulsive riffs , like on `` Respect Commander . ''
White 's collaborators include drummer Louis Cato , bassists Charlotte Kemp Muhl and Neon Phoenix , and keyboardists Neal Evans and Quincy McCrary . They 've helped them make the weirdest album of their career . The lyrics are as oddball as the music , going from quoting the baby book `` Goodnight Moon '' to name-checking Italian luxury carmaker Isotta Fraschini .
Some of the experiments should probably have been left for some future box set of outtakes dedicated to crazed White fans , including `` Abulia and Akrasia , '' in which singer-songwriter C.W . Stoneking adds silly spoken-word verses . `` Get In the Mind Shaft '' is clumsy , albeit fascinating .
There 's a good song somewhere in `` Hypermisophoniac '' but it 's drowned out by about three others . There 's really no song in `` Everything You 've Ever Learned '' and `` Ezmerelda Steals the Show '' is , as one line goes , `` totally absurd . ''
White dips into country on `` What 's Done Is Done , '' but it seems more like he 's mocking the genre this time . They swipe melody from Antonin Dvorak for the final tune , `` Humoresque , '' as if classical music was one more thing they wanted to mess with .
God bless , Jack White . And also save us from him , too .
______
Mark Kennedy is at http : //twitter.com/KennedyTwits
Jurgen Klopp will speak to the press today ahead of Liverpool 's crunch Champions League qualifier in Hoffenheim on Tuesday evening .
The German will preview the first leg of the must-win tie , but will also be asked to respond to the ongoing speculation surrounding Philippe Coutinho .
Brazilian Coutinho has handed in a transfer request in an attempt to force through a move from the Reds to Barcelona .
But Liverpool is so-far holding firm and are determined to hang on to their star man .
Will the German give any clues over Coutinho 's future ?
We 'll have all the latest from their press conference right here ...
CLAIM
A video shows a bridesmaid making an athletic move to catch a bouquet of flowers .
False
RATING
False
ORIGIN
There are many superstitions that appear around weddings , including the legend that whomever catches the bride 's bouquet indicates that they will be the next person to get married .
This piece of traditional folklore has led to some funny footage of attendees going to extreme lengths to catch ( or to avoid ) the tossed bouquet . In May 2018 , some were convinced that they had stumbled upon a video showing a bridesmaid making an incredibly athletic catch :
This is not genuine footage of a bridesmaid flying through the air in order to catch a bouquet . This is actually a clip from a 2016 Buick Super Bowl commercial featuring model Emily Ratajkowski :
The “ she Odell 'd it ” line refers to a one-handed catch New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. made during a Sunday Night Football game against the Dallas Cowboys in 2015 . That was dubbed one of the greatest catches of all time , and it is well known to football fans , many of whom recognized the reference when they saw the commercial air during the Super Bowl :
That is a stunt double . I wish I could say that was me , but that is an amazing woman who could do a catch like that in four-inch heels — so insane . [ … ] They are using this bad ass lady who is my stunt double and they are putting my face on them so that I look like the bad ass lady .
Although Emily Ratajkowski plays the athletic bridesmaid in the commercial , the catch was actually performed by a stunt double . Ratajkowski explained how it was made during an interview with Entertainment Tonight :
Observer Report
New York ,
Pakistan has called for reforms in the United Nations Security Council structure based on the principles of democracy , a press release said .
Speaking in the first meeting of the Intergovernmental Negotiations ( IGN ) on SC reform , Pakistan 's Ambassador to the UN Maleeha Lodhi said that the prolonged stalemate in the reform process was due to a handful of countries who wanted to reinforce the Security Council as a preserve of the privileged and powerful .
This , they said , was contrary to the democratic spirit and will not meet the interest of all member states of the UN in an equitable manner .
The ambassador said that reinforcing the undemocratic elements of the council was contrary to both democratic principles and values as well as the principle of sovereign equality of states that underpins the Charter of the United Nations , according to the press release .
Calling the reform of the Security Council a ‘ strategic endeavour ' , Lodhi said that while we did not choose the structure created in 1945 , member states now have a choice . ‘ This choice must be exercised judiciously and in consonance with the democratic spirit of our era . '
They expressed Pakistan 's support to comprehensive reform of the council to make it a more representative , democratic , accountable , transparent and effective body .
According to the press release , Lodhi told the UN that at a time when growing and complex challenges to global peace and security warrant firm and decisive action by the Security Council , anything less would not only erode the standing of the Council but ‘ would also undermine the ideal of the United Nations and the inspiring vision that it espouses for our collective humanity ' .
Emphasising the need for consensus building , Lodhi said that sidestepping it through quick fixes and procedural maneuvers has not helped move the reform process forward . ‘ Instead they have accentuated and even widened our divergences ' , they added .
‘ What we require is flexibility and a spirit of compromise to find common ground , foster goodwill and mutual understanding , and identify new convergences and common approaches for a shared and consensual pathway to reform , ' they said .
The ambassador hoped that these negotiations would see the triumph of collective good over individual interests . ‘ After all , the UN was created for this very purpose and not for member states to rubber-stamp the will of the few ' , they remarked .
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker , however Playback journalism takes time and funding ...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you .
Please , whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser .
Los Angeles Dodgers right-hander Kenta Maeda was placed on the disabled list Wednesday after an MRI revealed a right hip strain .
Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said they were unsure when Maeda will be able to return .
In a corresponding move , right-hander Dennis Santana was recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City , where they were 1-1 with a 2.45 ERA .
Maeda was removed in the second inning of Tuesday night 's 6-1 loss to the Philadelphia Phillies with a right hip strain .
Maeda was examined by trainers at the mound after they struck out Jake Arrieta for the second out of the inning . They left the game after only 38 pitches and with a runner on second base .
Maeda allowed two runs and three hits and a walk in 1 2/3 innings . They struck out two .
They are 4-4 with a 3.61 ERA in 11 appearances ( 10 starts ) this season .
Terror Suspect Arrested ; Three Sustain Minor Injuries from Port Authority Explosion
NOTE : This article was updated at 6 p.m. on Mon. , Dec. 11 , with additional information about the suspect and subway access .
BY DUSICA SUE MALESEVIC | Police have identified the suspect in an early Monday morning explosion that shook commuters at one of the city 's busiest transit hubs .
Akayed Ullah , 27 , is in custody for allegedly detonating a “ low-tech ” pipe bomb at around 7:20 a.m. near the Port Authority Bus Terminal , James O'Neill , NYPD police commissioner , said at a press briefing held just after 9:30 a.m .
The device went off “ in a below ground walkway , IND line and 42nd St. & Eighth Ave. , [ which ] connects the Port Authority bus terminal to the NYC IRT 42nd and Seventh Avenue Shuttle at Times Square , ” O'Neill noted .
Three people had minor injuries , Dan Nigro , FDNY commissioner , said , with the suspect , Ullah , sustaining serious injuries and taken to Bellevue Hospital . When Ullah allegedly detonated the device , it caused burns to their hands and abdomen , Nigro said .
O'Neill said the device was strapped to Ullah 's body with Velcro and zip ties , and in transit video , they are seen walking down a corridor , O'Neill also noted . The suspect did make statements concerning ISIS , but O'Neill would not elaborate about ties to the group or motivation .
Mayor Bill de Blasio called it an “ attempted terrorist attack . ”
“ Let 's be clear , as New Yorkers , our lives revolve around the subways , ” they said . “ When we hear of an attack on the subway , it 's incredibly unsettling . ”
Ullah , originally from Bangladesh , has lived here for seven years , and resided in Midwood , Brooklyn , according to PIX11.com . Authorities were searching their home , The New York Times reported .
Law enforcement has yet to state the suspect 's motive but a source told CNN that Ullah “ was upset , in their words , with the ‘ incursion into Gaza . ' ” Last week , President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel 's capital sparking outrage in parts of the Arab world . Over the weekend , there were Israeli airstrikes against Hamas in Gaza , CNN reported .
The New York Daily News reported that the Ullah told “ authorities their attack was in the name of the Islamic State , ” and that they had been reading Inspire magazine . Inspire is the English language of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , and was part of the evidence against convicted Chelsea bomber Ahmad Khan Rahimi . The magazine has articles such as “ Make a bomb in the kitchen of your Mom . ”
Commuters fled after the device detonated , The Times reported . The MTA responded quickly , and “ immediately shut down ” the A , C , and E lines , Joe Lhota , the MTA chairperson , said . The 1 , 2 , 3 , N , Q , R , W , and 7 trains were skipping Times Square-42nd St. in both directions , but now have resumed making the station stop with delays . Customers are advised that they need to exit the station to transfer to those lines as the police investigation is ongoing , according to the MTA 's website . The A , C , and E are once again stopping at 42nd St.-Port Authority Bus Terminal with delays .
De Blasio said there would be an expanded NYPD presence today and police are working to secure all major transit hubs .
“ This is the most resilient place on Earth , we 've proven it time and time again , ” de Blasio said . “ We 've proved it just over a month ago . We proved it on 9/11 . We are going to prove it again today . The terrorists will not win , we are going keep being New Yorkers . ”
John Mudd , president of the Midtown South Community Council , has lived at W. 38th St. and Eighth Ave. for more than 30 years .
“ It certainly shakes everyone up , ” Mudd said by phone . “ I 'm walking down the street and I 'm getting all choked up . ”
This attack comes on the heel of a terrorist attack in Lower Manhattan on Oct. 31 that left eight killed and 11 injured .
Information about the suspect or today 's incident should be shared via the terror hotline : 888-NYC-SAFE .
This is a developing story . Check back for updates .
Whoever said you can never have too much of a good thing never watched the PGA Tour very closely . Last year , there was a one-week hiatus between the Ryder Cup and the next season ; this year , there probably will be no such break between the Presidents Cup and the next one .
The result is a market too saturated from this never-ending schedule . Many players feel pressure to continue competing year-round due to fear of falling behind their peers . Even worse , fans never get a chance to miss it , because it never goes away .
I not only believe new commissioner Jay Monahan should fix this issue , I think they will .
When the FedEx Cup was first implemented , then-commish Tim Finchem spoke of the need to conclude before football season . Nice idea , but the Tour Championship still coincides with football , as does the start of the following PGA Tour campaign each year .
All of which leads to this suggestion for Monahan as they take over in the role : shorten the FedEx Cup playoffs to three events instead of four ( which will make it more imperative for the top players to play each of 'em ) and conclude the festivities on Labor Day , preferably on the West Coast , where golf can receive a prime time audience on what is considered the last day of summer . Then do n't come back until January , offering a true finale and beginning to each of the seasons that wo n't bleed into one another .
Editor 's Picks Four-Ball : What we 're looking forward to in 2017 What kind of year will Jordan Spieth have ? Can anybody win multiple majors ? With the 2017 season teeing off this week , our panel sifts through those questions and more .
Those within the confines of PGA Tour headquarters -- Monahan included -- will publicly contend that this scenario offers fewer playing opportunities for the membership and privately worry that it pushes away willing title sponsors .
Problem solved . The fall events ( which now include an Asian swing ) can still be played as part of their own short season . Want more incentive for players ? Broker a deal with the powers-that-be at Augusta National which will state that individual tournament winners do n't receive Masters invitations , but the top-five on the short-season money/points list do .
That will keep players playing , which in turn will keep sponsors happy without blurring the lines for fans from one season to the next .
Each day this week , ESPN.com will drop a few items into the suggestion box for new PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan , who started in their new job on Jan. 1 , 2017 . Next up : On Tuesday , Jan. 3 , Bob Harig writes about announcing player fines and suspensions .
U.S. Migrants Stream Across Border Into Canada
NPR 's Robert Siegel interviews Rita Chahal , executive director of the Manitoba Interfaith Immigration Council , about the spike in migrants crossing the border from the U.S. into Canada .
ROBERT SIEGEL , HOST :
There is a spike in the number of migrants who are crossing the U.S. border not into the U.S. but out of the U.S. , not from Mexico but to Canada . From Quebec to Manitoba , there are reports of people leaving the U.S. to seek asylum in Canada , trudging through deep snow , literally risking life and limb .
Rita Chahal is executive director of the Manitoba Interfaith Immigration Council . She 's in Winnipeg , where they work with people who have crossed illegally into Canada . Welcome to the program .
RITA CHAHAL : My pleasure .
SIEGEL : And tell us first , who are these people , and where are they coming from ?
CHAHAL : Well , they 're coming from a number of areas . Certainly the ones that we 've seen most recently have been from home countries , to the Somalia , Ghana , Nigeria , Burundi . But many of them have also been in the U.S. And they are making inland claims because of the difficulties at the border .
SIEGEL : In the U.S. You say , some of these people have been living in the U.S. for a while .
CHAHAL : Yes .
SIEGEL : And doubtful of what will happen to their claims to remain here , they 're heading for Canada .
CHAHAL : That 's what they 're telling us . And some of them have been detained in the U.S . Some have been scheduled for deportation . Some may have not even made a claim yet and decided to come here . But those who have come , they are almost - well , I would say all of them do say to us that if I go back to my country of origin , I will be killed .
SIEGEL : How do the numbers of such migrants in the past few months compare to the past ?
CHAHAL : In an average year , we would see 50 to 60 . However , in the fall of 2016 is when it really started to spike . In January alone of 2017 , we had 40 files that we opened .
SIEGEL : And you 're just talking about Manitoba right now .
CHAHAL : This is just Manitoba . You know , the numbers in other provinces , from what I 'm hearing - in Quebec , particularly - is much higher .
SIEGEL : And when you meet these people , once they get to Winnipeg , what are they telling you about the journey they 've made ?
CHAHAL : Well , first of all , they 're very tired , and they 're exhausted . This particular weekend , there was a family that had a 6-month-old , a 2-year-old and a 4-year-old . That was very concerning to us - that this family had made a trek for more than six or seven hours in very deep snow . So when we 're starting to see families coming in exposed to the elements , it is very concerning to us .
SIEGEL : How does Canada treat them ? Does it treat them as people from Somalia or Djibouti , or does it treat them as people from Minneapolis , the United States ?
CHAHAL : Well , I think we just treat them as human beings regardless of where you come from . They have the right to seek asylum in Canada . So we - that 's our starting point .
SIEGEL : But do they have the legal right to seek asylum in Canada if in fact ...
CHAHAL : Well , yes .
SIEGEL : ... They 're coming from the United States ?
CHAHAL : They have the right to seek asylum . There is a lot of discussion around the Safe Third Country Agreement . I 'm not a lawyer , so I ca n't go into the complexities of that agreement .
SIEGEL : My understanding of the Safe Third Country Agreement between the U.S. and Canada is that if people who live in the United States get on a plane and went to Canada and presented themselves there seeking asylum , they 'd be sent back to the U.S .
CHAHAL : That 's why they 're crossing the border because if they were to come to the border and make a claim right at the border , and then they would be actually sent back . So the risks that they 're taking is because of that . However , when they do cross , they do get arrested , they get taken to Canadian Border Services , and they 're processed there .
SIEGEL : The moment of the current spike is the middle of winter .
CHAHAL : Yes .
SIEGEL : What is the U.S.-Canada border like between Minnesota and Canada at this time of year ?
CHAHAL : Right now , it 's very cold . You know , minus 30 to minus 40 is not unusual for us .
SIEGEL : Miss Chahal , it sounds like you 're in a very tough spot here . You 're taking a very open , humanitarian attitude toward people who 've made this terribly dangerous trek across the border during the dead of winter . You do n't want to encourage lots of people to do this , I assume .
CHAHAL : No , and we want people to know that - do n't assume that you 're going to get this . It is a chance - a fair chance at the possibility of getting asylum , but it is not in any way guaranteed .
SIEGEL : That 's Rita Chahal , executive director of the Manitoba Interfaith Immigration Council , speaking to us from Winnipeg . That 's in Canada . Thank you very much for talking with us .
CHAHAL : My pleasure .
( SOUNDBITE OF LOS CAMPESINOS ! SONG , `` YOU ! ME ! DANCING ! '' )
Copyright © 2017 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Instacart has revamped its checkout process to make it easier for customers to leave better tips . Now , Instacart suggests a 5 percent default tip .
If someone wants to leave more , or less , there are still options to tip nothing at all , 10 percent , 15 percent , 20 percent and other amounts .
Instacart has had a rocky relationship over the years with its drivers and shoppers . In 2016 , Instacart removed the option to tip in favor of guaranteeing higher delivery commissions . About a month later , following pressure from shoppers , the company reintroduced tipping .
“ After announcing this change , we heard a lot of feedback from our shopper community , ” the company said in a blog post at the time . “ While our shoppers liked most of the changes , they did not like the fact that we were removing tips from our online platform . Taking that feedback into account , we have decided to continue to accept tips as part of this change . ”
In addition to putting tips more front and center , Instacart also changed its service fee from a 10 percent waivable fee to a 5 percent fixed fee .
Just earlier this month , Instacart raised $ 150 million in funding , valuing the company at $ 4.35 billion .
Facebook 's Safety Check feature was activated today , following news that a fire had engulfed a 24-storey block of flats in West London . At least six people are reported to have died in the blaze , with police expecting the death toll to rise . The Grenfell tower contains 120 flats .
Clearly this is a tragedy . But should Facebook be reacting to a tragedy by sending push alerts — including to users who are miles away from the building in question ?
Is that helpful ? Or does it risk generating more stress than it is apparently supposed to relieve…
Being six miles away from a burning building in a city with a population of circa 8.5 million should not be a cause for worry — yet Facebook is actively encouraging users to worry by using emotive language ( “ your friends ” ) to nudge a public declaration of individual safety .
And if someone does n't take action to “ mark themselves safe ” , as Facebook puts it , they risk their friends thinking they are somehow — against all rational odds — caught up in the tragic incident .
Those same friends would likely not have even thought to consider there was any risk prior to the existence of the Facebook feature .
This is the paradoxical panic of ‘ Safety Check ' .
( A paradox Facebook itself has tacitly conceded even extends to people who mark themselves “ safe ” and then , by doing so , cause their friends to worry they are still somehow caught up in the incident — yet instead of retracting Safety Check , Facebook is now retrenching ; bolting on more features , encouraging users to include a “ personal note ” with their check mark to contextualize how nothing actually happened to them… Yes , we are really witnessing feature creep on something that was billed as apparently providing passive reassurance… O____o )
Here 's the bottom line : London is a very large city . A blaze in a tower block is terrible , terrible news . It is also very , very unlikely to involve anyone who does not live in the building . Yet Facebook 's Safety Check algorithm is apparently unable to make anything approaching a sane assessment of relative risk .
To compound matters , the company 's reliance on its own demonstrably unreliable geolocation technology to determine who gets a Safety Check prompt results in it spamming users who live hundreds of miles away — in totally different towns and cities ( even apparently in different countries ) — pointlessly pushing them to push a Safety Check button .
This is indeed — as one Facebook user put it on Twitter — “ massively irresponsible ” .
As Tausif Noor has written , in an excellent essay on the collateral societal damage of a platform controlling whether we think our friends are safe or not , by “ explicitly and institutionally entering into life-and-death matters , Facebook takes on new responsibilities for responding to them appropriately ” .
And , demonstrably , Facebook is not handling those responsibilities very well at all — not least by stepping away from making evidence-based decisions , on a case-by-case basis , of whether or not to activate Safety Check .
The feature did start out as something Facebook manually switched on . But Facebook soon abandoned that decision-making role ( sound familiar ? ) — including after facing criticism of Western bias in its assessment of terrorist incidents .
Since last summer , the feature has been so-called ‘ community activated ' .
What does that mean ? It means Facebook relies on the following formula for activating Safety Check : First , global crisis reporting agencies NC4 and iJET International must alert it that an incident has occurred and give the incident a title ( in this case , presumably , “ the fire in London ” ) ; and secondly there has to be an unspecified volume of Facebook posts about the incident in an unspecified area in the vicinity of the incident .
It is unclear how near an incident area a Facebook user has to be to trigger a Safety Check prompt , nor how many posts they have to have personally posted relating to the incident . We 've asked Facebook for more clarity on its algorithmic criteria — but ( as yet ) received none .
Putting Safety Check activation in this protective , semi-algorithmic swaddling means the company can cushion itself from blame when the feature is ( or is not ) activated — since it 's not making case-by-case decisions itself — yet also ( apparently ) sidestep the responsibility for its technology enabling widespread algorithmic stress . As is demonstrably the case here , where it 's been activated across London and beyond .
People talking about a tragedy on Facebook seems a very noisy signal indeed to send a push notification nudging users to make individual declarations of personal safety .
Add to that , as we can see from how hit and miss the London fire-related prompts are , Facebook 's geolocation smarts are very far from perfect . If your margin of location-positioning error extends to triggering alerts in other cities hundreds of miles away ( not to mention other countries ! ) your technology is very clearly not fit for purpose .
Even six miles in a city of ~8.5M people indicates a ridiculously blunt instrument being wielded here . Yet one that also has an emotional impact .
The wider question is whether Facebook should be seeking to control user behavior by manufacturing a featured ‘ public safety ' expectation at all .
There is zero need for a Safety Check feature . People could still use Facebook to post a status update saying they 're fine if they feel the need to — or indeed , use Facebook ( or WhatsApp or email etc ) to reach out directly to friends to ask if they 're okay — again if they feel the need to .
By making Safety Check a default expectation Facebook flips the norms of societal behavior and suddenly no one can feel safe unless everyone has manually checked the Facebook box marked “ safe ” .
But by making Safety Check a default expectation Facebook flips the norms of societal behavior and suddenly no one can feel safe unless everyone has manually checked the Facebook box marked “ safe ” .
This is ludicrous .
Facebook itself says Safety Check has been activated more than 600 times in two years — with more than a billion “ safety ” notifications triggered by users over that period . Yet how many of those notifications were really merited ? And how many salved more worries than they caused ?
It 's clear the algorithmically triggered Safety Check is a far more hysterical creature than the manual version . Last November CNET reported that Facebook had only turned on Safety Check 39 times in the prior two years vs 335 events being flagged by the community-based version of the tool since it had started testing it in June .
The problem is social media is intended as — and engineered to be — a public discussion forum . News events demonstrably ripple across these platforms in waves of public communication . Those waves of chatter should not be misconstrued as evidence of risk . But it sure looks like that 's what Facebook 's Safety Check is doing .
While the company likely had the best of intentions in developing the feature , which after all grew out of organic site usage following the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan , the result at this point looks like an insensible hair-trigger that encourages people to overreact to tragic events when the sane and rational response would actually be the opposite : stay calm and do n't worry unless you hear otherwise .
Aka : Keep calm and carry on .
Safety Check also compels everyone , willing or otherwise , to engage with a single commercial platform every time some kind of major ( or relatively minor ) public safety incident occurs — or else worry about causing unnecessary worry for friends and family .
This is especially problematic when you consider Facebook 's business model benefits from increased engagement with its platform . Add to that , it also recently stepped into the personal fundraising space . And today , as chance would have it , Facebook announced that Safety Check will be integrating these personal fundraisers ( starting in the US ) .
An FAQ for Facebook 's Fundraisers notes that the company levies a fee for personal donations of 6.9 % + $ .30 , while fees for nonprofit donations range from 5 % to 5.75 % .
It 's not clear whether Facebook will be levying the same fee structure on Fundraisers that are specifically associated with incidents where Safety Check has also been triggered — we 've asked but at the time of writing the company had not responded .
If so , Facebook is directly linking its behavioral nudging of users , via Safety Check , with a revenue generating feature that will let it take a cut of any money raised to help victims of the same tragedies . That makes its irresponsibility in apparently encouraging public worry look like something rather more cynically opportunistic .
Checking in on my own London friends , Facebook 's Safety Check informs me that three are “ safe ” from the tower block fire .
However 97 are worryingly labelled “ not marked as safe yet ” .
The only sane response to that is : Facebook Safety Check , close your account .
OSHAWA , Ont . — Police say a suspect who was allegedly driving a stolen vehicle was arrested after fleeing on foot and jumping out of a second storey window in an attempt to avoid capture .
Durham regional police say officers spotted the stolen vehicle late morning and followed it to a parking lot in Oshawa , Ont. , where they attempted to arrest the driver .
It 's alleged the suspect resisted arrest by punching and kicking the officers , and even a bit one of them .
They say after officers unsuccessfully tried to Taser the suspect , they fled into an apartment building and police pursued them into one of the units .
Teddy Parker – Renga Community Relations Specialist
Larimer County Natural Resources
Friday , April 6 , 8:00 p.m. – 10:00 p.m. “ Stargazing with the Northern Colorado Astronomical Society ” Join members of the Northern Colorado Astronomical Society ( NCAS ) for an up-close look at the night sky over the Rockies . Telescopes will be available for viewing stars , galaxies , planets and more . This open house-style program is located at the Devil 's Backbone Open Space parking lot , located just west of Loveland off Hwy . 34 . Dress warmly for evening temperatures and bring binoculars if you have them . Program is free . Sign up at Join members of the Northern Colorado Astronomical Society ( NCAS ) for an up-close look at the night sky over the Rockies . Telescopes will be available for viewing stars , galaxies , planets and more . This open house-style program is located at the Devil 's Backbone Open Space parking lot , located just west of Loveland off Hwy . 34 . Dress warmly for evening temperatures and bring binoculars if you have them . Program is free . Sign up at offero.larimer.org . Registration is encouraged , but not required . For up-to-date weather information , visit the NCAS website at www.nocoastro.org . Direct questions to Molly at ( 970 ) 619-4565
Tuesday , April 10 , 10:00 a.m. – 11:00 a.m. “ Tiny Trekkers ” Join Larimer County naturalists for a program designed for your 2- to 5-year-old and you . This program at Devil 's Backbone Open Space , located just west of Loveland off Hwy . 34 , will be a morning filled with crafts , stories and fun facts ! A parent or guardian must accompany the child for this hour-long program . After the program , feel free to explore the open space with your child ! Program is free , but registration is required . Please go to Join Larimer County naturalists for a program designed for your 2- to 5-year-old and you . This program at Devil 's Backbone Open Space , located just west of Loveland off Hwy . 34 , will be a morning filled with crafts , stories and fun facts ! A parent or guardian must accompany the child for this hour-long program . After the program , feel free to explore the open space with your child ! Program is free , but registration is required . Please go to offero.larimer.org to sign up . Direct questions to Molly at ( 970 ) 619-4565
Friday , April 13 , 7:00 p.m. – 9:00 p.m. “ Earth and Sky Night Hike ” Join Larimer County naturalists on an evening hike full of stargazing at Devil 's Backbone Open Space , located just west of Loveland off Hwy . 34 . Learn to identify stars and constellations and hear their stories throughout the program . Hike rating : Moderate ( due to hiking with low light ) . Please dress appropriately for the weather and bring along water for the trail and a headlamp if you have one . Program is free , but registration is required . Please go to Join Larimer County naturalists on an evening hike full of stargazing at Devil 's Backbone Open Space , located just west of Loveland off Hwy . 34 . Learn to identify stars and constellations and hear their stories throughout the program . Hike rating : Moderate ( due to hiking with low light ) . Please dress appropriately for the weather and bring along water for the trail and a headlamp if you have one . Program is free , but registration is required . Please go to offero.larimer.org to sign up . Direct questions to Molly at ( 970 ) 619-4565
Tuesday , April 24 , 10:00 a.m. – 11:00 a.m. “ Tiny Trekkers ” Join Larimer County naturalists for a program designed for your 2- to 5-year-old and you . This program at River Bluffs Open Space , located just east of I-25 between Windsor and Timnath , will be a morning filled with crafts , stories and fun facts ! A parent or guardian must accompany the child for this hour-long program . After the program , feel free to explore the open space with your child ! Program is free , but registration is required . Please go to Join Larimer County naturalists for a program designed for your 2- to 5-year-old and you . This program at River Bluffs Open Space , located just east of I-25 between Windsor and Timnath , will be a morning filled with crafts , stories and fun facts ! A parent or guardian must accompany the child for this hour-long program . After the program , feel free to explore the open space with your child ! Program is free , but registration is required . Please go to offero.larimer.org to sign up . Direct questions to Molly at ( 970 ) 619-4565
Saturday , April 28 , 8:00 a.m. – 10:00 a.m. “ Spring Plant Walk ” Join Wandering Botanist Kathy Keeler at Devil 's Backbone Open Space to learn about wildflowers , weeds and folklore . Hike rating : Easy . Please dress appropriately for the weather and pack plenty of water for the trail . Program is free , but registration is required . Please go to Join Wandering Botanist Kathy Keeler at Devil 's Backbone Open Space to learn about wildflowers , weeds and folklore . Hike rating : Easy . Please dress appropriately for the weather and pack plenty of water for the trail . Program is free , but registration is required . Please go to offero.larimer.org to sign up . Direct questions to Molly at ( 970 ) 619-4565
NEW YORK , Aug 14 ( APP ) : Leaders of the Democratic Party responded to reports of violence and racial clashes at a white nationalist rally in the US State of Virginia on Saturday with calls for introspection on matters of racial hatred , according to American media reports .
Fremantle to Pittwater and onto paradise with Stealth
Club Marine Pittwater to Southport start 2017 Howard Wright Club Marine Pittwater to Southport start 2017 Howard Wright http : //www.imagephoto.com.au
by Lisa Ratcliff today at 4:48 amStealth is a Kim Swarbrick designed 9.9m aluminium sloop built in 1998 by Australia two boat builder Steve Ward and named due to its unpainted aluminium finish resembling the bomber aircraft of the same name.The boat is one of a growing list of entries for next January 's Club Marine Pittwater to Paradise Regatta opening event , an offshore race starting just north of Palm Beach headland on January 2 .
For 2018 the RPAYC 's flagship ocean race has been combined into a new regatta format and combined pointscore with the Bartercard Sail Paradise Series , conducted by Southport Yacht Club on the Queensland Gold Coast January 6-9 . This joint venture between two prominent , forward-thinking and friendly yacht clubs has created a perfect opportunity for sailors to stay on the Gold Coast with their families or friends and enjoy some great racing off Southport 's golden beaches .
Download the Notice of Race here and enter here . Owners can choose to enter the monohull , multihull or short-handed categories and be scored under all of the popular handicap systems - IRC , ORCi and PHS .
Alpe 's delivery across the Great Australian Bight , Bass Strait and up the New South Wales coast past Sydney Harbour to Pittwater took 29 days and wrapped up in February .
“ Stealth proved very resilient , efficient and responsive , easily dealing with the varied conditions which included 10-12 metre seas in Bass Strait and winds up to 60 knots , ” the long-time International Dragon official recalled . “ No doubt we were helped by their deep keel and the fact one third of their 3.5 tonne total weight is at the base of their keel . ”
Delivery crewman Warwick Jacobson said of the design and delivery , “ The boat is only 3.5 tonnes and carries a lot of sail so it 's very fast but needs regular reefing to maintain stability . The reward is a very fast boat in all conditions . It carries a very large rudder which enables very aggressive steering and which helped us enormously when the weather became unfriendly . ”
Since arriving at the RPAYC , Alpe has carefully planned a major upgrade of the boat 's systems , sail wardrobe and rigging to get it bluewater race ready for the RPAYC 's East Coast Bluewater Series commencing in September .
“ It 's made most full house renovations tiny by comparison and included completely replacing all halyards , stays and much of the deck hardware together with new spreader and backstay set-up and electronics . The sail wardrobe upgrade includes a square top main , symmetrical masthead kite with new made-to-fit spinnaker pole and new no . 2 jib to drive the boat in a wider wind range . We are working through the various safety categories to bring Stealth up to Category 2 for the 370 nautical mile Pittwater to Paradise race , ” the skipper added .
RPAYC sailing and communications manager Brendan Rourke says : “ The Club Marine Pittwater to Paradise race is one of the few Cat 2 races on offer that amends the NOR to remove the requirement for expensive HF radio equipment , opting instead for Satellite phones and tracking and AIS to maintain and improve the excellent safety record the club has enjoyed over the history of our signature event . At the same time we are aiming to make things simpler and cheaper for more boats to participate in Cat 2 bluewater racing . ”
In the longer term Alpe is planning to make Stealth a regular at Audi Hamilton Island Race Week and eventually return to long haul shorthanded racing .
The Gold Coast is an excellent summer holiday destination and those thinking about competing and having their families join them at the finish are encouraged to visit www.pittwatertoparadise.com.au or Facebook page to keep up with special discounts and offers .
Details for the Bartercard Sail Paradise 2018 can be found on the regatta website .
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL : www.sail-world.com/156407
Air Canada will stop using Aeroplan , run by Aimia Inc. , and launch its own customer reward program in 2020 . ( Frank Rumpenhorst / The Canadian Press file photo )
MONTREAL—Aimia Inc. is immediately suspending all dividends on common and preferred shares , including previously declared payments that were to be made at the end of this month . The Montreal-based company runs Aeroplan and other customer reward programs for various businesses including Air Canada , its original customer . Aimia says the dividend suspension is required following Air Canada 's decision to stop using Aeroplan and launch its own customer reward program in 2020 . Read more : Aeroplan 's future leaves travellers up in the air : Roseman Air Canada plans to replace Aeroplan in 2020 with new loyalty program
Article Continued Below
5 things to know about Aeroplan points and Air Canada That announcement sparked a major decline for Aimia shares , which closed at $ 1.89 on Tuesday , worth less than one-quarter what they were worth prior to May 10 . Aimia says a capital impairment test required by the Canada Business Corporations Act prevents it from paying the dividends , even though it has the liquidity to do so .
“ Our business continues to perform well and generate strong free cash flow , ” executive chairperson Robert Brown said in a statement . Shareholders who are entitled to previously declared dividends may be paid at a future date . Aimia says it 's actively working on forming new long-term relationships for the period after Air Canada departs and is making progress on cutting $ 70 million of costs from its business . The company also announced Wednesday that it will reduce the size of its board of directors to nine members , from 12 . It says Joanne Ferstman , Alan Rossy and Beth Horowitz have resigned as directors .
Read more about :
Chopra 's departure comes as the federal Liberal government ruminates about whether to restore door-to-door mail delivery to tens of thousands of homes .
Canada Post says Deepak Chopra has advised the Crown corporation 's board of directors that they intend leave their position on March 31 , 2018 .
OTTAWA—The head of Canada 's postal service has announced they plan to step down next spring , nearly three years before their contract was set to expire .
The former Pitney Bowes Canada executive joined the agency in 2011 as it faced a dramatic shift in revenue streams , from declining mail volumes to a growing parcel delivery business .
The previous Conservative government had renewed their contract prior to the 2015 election , effective February 2016 , despite criticisms of Canada Post 's cost-cutting moves , including the phase-out of door-to-door delivery .
The move to community mailboxes became a hot topic during the 2015 campaign , with the Liberals winning power under a platform that included a promise to review the home-delivery decision .
Once in office , the Liberals placed a moratorium on any future conversions of home delivery to community mailboxes .
A spokesperson for Public Services and Procurement Minister Judy Foote , who has been on leave from their cabinet post , said a decision on the future of home delivery was expected some time before the end of 2017 .
The president of the union representing postal workers said they hope Chopra 's departure signals an end to cost-cutting at Canada Post and a renewed commitment by the postal agency to maintain the services Canadians want .
Chopra leaves “ a legacy of failed cuts , ” said Canadian Union of Postal Workers national president Mike Palecek .
“ So , hopefully this will be a new chapter for Canada Post . ”
Chopra was among dozens of people appointed to plum patronage posts in the dying days of Stephen Harper 's Conservative government who were asked , once the Liberals took power , to voluntarily step down .
Chopra , who was reportedly paid an estimated $ 500,000 annually , declined to do so .
In a statement , Canada Post said Chopra has left an enduring legacy that has positioned the corporation as the country 's leader in e-commerce delivery in the face of declining mail deliveries , noting that the agency delivered two billion fewer pieces of mail last year than at its peak in 2006 .
The agency said Chopra had also co-operated with the government as it reviewed the mandate of Canada Post .
SPRINGFIELD -- Dyarel Wojtowicz pleaded guilty Monday to involuntary manslaughter in the overdose death of a Ludlow woman .
Wojtowicz , 30 , of Springfield , was sentenced to three to five years in state prison plus three years probation by Hampden Superior Court Judge Richard J. Carey .
`` At end of the day , Mr. Wojtowicz decided essentially to sell poison for profit . That was their decision , '' Carey said .
Because Wojtowicz is deaf , Carey said they will recommend to the state Department of Corrections that Wojtowicz be allowed to serve the sentence in the Hampden County Correctional Center in Ludlow .
Kaitlyn M. Leonard , 32 , of Ludlow , died at home on March 20 , 2015 .
Assistant District Attorney Karen J . Bell , in asking for a sentence of four to six years , said Wojtowicz sold the particularly dangerous drug fentanyl to Leonard .
Leonard thought they were buying heroin , and was unaware they were sold all fentanyl mixed with a little cutting agent , Bell said .
Bell said Leonard had problems with addiction in the past , and had a relapse before their death .
Defense lawyer Susan E. Hamilton asked for a sentence of two years to the Hampden County Correctional Center in Ludlow followed by three years probation .
They said Wojtowicz had a very difficult childhood and has been shot twice as an adult due to being in the wrong place at the wrong time .
`` He 's taken responsibility for their actions . They understand there is a consequence . They are asking for mercy of this court , '' they said .
Wojtowicz also pleaded guilty to distribution of fentanyl , possession of fentanyl with intent to distribute and possession of cocaine with intent to distribute .
Kaitlyn Leonard 's sister Meagan Leonard told Carey their life will never be the same without their sister , who was their biggest supporter .
Edward Leonard , Kaitlyn Leonard 's father , said they believe drug dealers know what they are selling . They said to endure the legal process over the past three years has been very painful .
Why A Pill That 's 4 Cents In Tanzania Costs Up To $ 400 In The U.S .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kuni Takahashi/Bloomberg via Getty Images Kuni Takahashi/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Two pills to wipe out hookworm could cost you four cents . Or $ 400 .
It just depends on where you live .
The four cents are in Tanzania . That 'll cover the two pills it takes to knock out the intestinal parasite . But in the United States , where hookworm has reemerged , the price for two 200 mg tablets of albendazole can cost as much as $ 400 .
The pill will put an end to the problems hookworm can cause , such as anemia and protein deficiency as well as stunting growth in children .
And it 's not just a problem with the anti-hookworm pill . Drugs for diseases of the developing world , in particular the so-called `` neglected tropical diseases '' like hookworm and leishmaniasis , are enormously more expensive in the United States than in the developing world .
`` There really is no good reason for this price , '' says Dr. Jonathan Alpern of the albendazole price tag . Alpern works for the HealthPartners Institute , the research division of a health-care organization in Minnesota .
Impax Laboratories is the only pharmaceutical company that offers the drug in the U.S. Impax did not wish to comment on product pricing for this story but stated in an email to NPR : `` Given the very different regulatory regimes in the U.S. versus outside the U.S. , pricing is a very awkward comparison . ''
Because the drug 's patent expired decades ago , other companies can sell the generic version . But for medications that fight neglected tropical diseases , pharmaceutical companies have been slow to jump in and manufacture the medicine .
As for those that do : `` [ Impax ] fits into a category of companies that have taken drugs that have been around for many years , acquired the rights and jacked up the price [ for the Western market ] , '' says Alpern .
Indeed , prices for generic drugs that treat neglected tropical diseases are skyrocketing in the U.S .
When a disease affects only a small number of patients in the U.S. , `` there 's less incentive for generic companies to enter the market , '' Alpern explains . That 's because there 's less potential for profit .
Hookworm , which was recently discovered in a small community the U.S. , is just one example of this trend .
Neurocysticercosis , a parasitic disease that causes seizures and epilepsy , is another example . The disease is rare in the U.S. with only an estimated 1,000 to 5,000 new cases every year . Either albendazole or praziquantel are used to treat the disease . Praziquantel is also pricey : about $ 525 for six 600 mg tablets .
Leishmaniasis , which affects 700,000 to a million people annually throughout the world , is more expensive to treat in the U.S. , too . Though rare in the U.S. — only 13 cases were uncovered between 2000 and 2007 — the disease can cause disfiguring skin sores or swelling of the spleen or liver depending on the form of the disease that 's contracted . Two 50 mg tablets of miltefosine for 28 days can treat the infection ; the price of each pill wholesale is $ 685 , according to Alpern 's research .
`` When there 's limited competition in the market , the company that holds the monopoly is able to price [ the drug ] however they want , '' Alpern says . `` In these cases , we often see companies taking advantage of their market position . ''
And some of these disease are n't all that rare . Dr. Peter Hotez , dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine , says certain neglected tropical diseases in the U.S. are surprisingly widespread , especially among those who may not be able to afford treatment .
For example , they estimate that 1.1 million Americans are annually diagnosed with a parasitic infection called toxoplasmosis . The treatment is Daraprim ; four 25 mg tablets currently cost between $ 3,000 and $ 3,400 on the U.S. market .
`` We have now identified nearly half-a-dozen neglected tropical diseases that are widespread in the U.S. among the poor , especially in the American South , '' says Hotez , who last year published Blue Marble Health , a book evaluating neglected diseases in America . `` In all , I estimate that 12 million Americans now live in extreme poverty with a neglected tropical disease . ''
And some of them are in Lowndes County , Ala. , where a community of individuals was recently discovered to have hookworm . The average income in the county is just $ 18,036 .
If patients do n't have health insurance , they must pay the full price for prescriptions — or skip treatment altogether .
`` Some of the people in Lowndes County are living off $ 600 or $ 700 a month , '' says Catherine Flowers , founder of Alabama Center for Rural Enterprise , a nonprofit that addresses poverty . `` People have told me they sometimes have to choose between buying medication and eating . ''
In cases where patients have Medicaid , taxpayers bear the burden .
In the years following albendazole 's price hike in 2011 , Medicaid spending on the drug went from under $ 100,000 in 2008 to more than $ 7.5 million in 2013 . Medicaid spending on Daraprim , another tropical disease drug that just experienced a price hike , went from $ 2.2 million in 2014 to $ 15.7 million in 2015 .
Other times , U.S. patients bypass the system , Alpern says , by asking relatives in other countries to bring them the drug they need . In the United Kingdom , for example , 400 mg of albendazole costs just $ 2 .
Why are prices so different in the U.S. ?
`` In other countries , there are price control methods . The government steps in to ensure drug prices do not increase by a certain amount , '' Alpern says . `` There are no price control mechanisms in the U.S . ''
For patients with hookworm , there are few treatment alternatives in the U.S .
Mebendazole , which is less than half as effective as albendazole according to hookworm expert Dr. David Diemert , is considered the second generic line of treatment for hookworm . Impax Laboratories also own the rights to the drug . Between 2011 and 2016 , mebendazole 's price jumped more than 8,000 percent , from $ 4.50 to $ 369 .
Hotez agrees with Alpern 's theory that pharmaceutical companies have a profit motive .
`` Presumably , small companies see a niche to make some quick cash , '' Hotez says . Meanwhile , in low-income countries , they say , `` many of these drugs are being donated for free [ by pharmaceutical companies ] . As an example , albendazole is donated by GlaxoSmithKline . ''
According to its website , Impax is `` committed to making ENVERM [ mebendazole ] more affordable . '' The pharmaceutical company shared an online coupon that can save patients up to $ 60 for a prescription that would cost more than $ 369 .
Alpern hopes to see more companies start manufacturing the generic version of the drug . In their eyes , that 's the ultimate solution .
Nadia Whitehead is a freelance journalist and a science writer at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center El Paso . Them work has appeared in Science , The Washington Post and NPR . Find them on Twitter @ NadiaMacias .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A teenage computer whizz has been spared jailed after they used The Dark Web to download thousands of indecent images of children when they were just 15 .
A court heard how Corey Ewels , now 18 , had an interest in computers and used a 'computer within a computer ' to access the shady part of the internet .
Police searched the teenager 's home in Grimsby , North East Lincolnshire on January 20 , 2015 but it was not until a year later that their computer equipment was analysed , the Grimsby Telegraph reports .
( Image : Getty )
A total of 4,406 images were recovered , including 911 in the most serious category , as well as 242 prohibited images and 111 extreme porn photos .
Ewels , who has been diagnosed with behavioural problems , admitted six charges of making or possessing indecent images of children and possessing extreme pornography at Grimsby Crown Court .
Expert analysis was needed by police from a national technical assistance centre to find the origin of the images .
Jeremy Evans , prosecuting , said the photos were linked to the 'Dark Web ' which meant they do not show up on normal internet searches .
Michael Morley , mitigating , said Ewels was only 15 at the time and Ewels themselves claimed they downloaded the images before they turned 15 .
Judge Graham Robinson told the teenager : `` You are a very different person from the one who was at home when the police came knocking at the door . ''
( Image : Grimsby Telegraph WS )
( Image : Cultura RF )
The judge said Ewels was 'just a child ' at the time and if the matter had been dealt with then and not three years later the case would have been dealt with at the youth court , where they would have got a referral order .
They added the offences were not victimless because viewing the images encouraged more to be made .
Ewels , of Abbey Road , Grimsby , was given a two-year supervision order .
Their computer equipment will be confiscated .
Home Alone is one of the best Christmas movies of all time . For some it 's a family tradition to watch it every single year . Sadly though , it just does n't hold up .
What if “ Home Alone ” happened in 2017 ? Well , it would n't . Why ? Because technology . Between text messages , cellphone alarm clocks , pizza delivery apps , and mobile boarding passes , Kevin would never get left behind .
Is anyone else Christmas world shattered ?
John Rose
Juanuary 12 , 1953 – August 7 , 2017
John David Rose was born on January 12 , 1953 and passed away on August 7 , 2017 .
John grew up in Brawley , CA . Their mother , Mary Rose was a high school teacher at Brawley Union High School . John graduated from Brawley Union High School in 1971 , and Imperial Valley College in 1974 .
After college , John moved to Orange County , CA . They and their wife Helen Rose , later moved to Moreno Valley , CA where they have called home for over 20 years .
John was a truck driver . They drove for Ralphs for many years , and they were very proud to be part of the Teamsters Union .
John was and Helen were married for 30 years . John was very proud of their 3 children , Angela Rose , Steven Rose , and John Lozano . John was also overjoyed to be a grandfather to Stevie Rose and Sebastian Rose .
John Rose was a caring son , husband , father , grandfather , and friend . They will lovingly be remembered by many .
Viewing and service for John will be held on Monday , August 14 at 11:00am at East Hills Community Church in Riverside . Chapel and Internment services will be Tuesday , August 15 at 10:30am at Loma Vista Memorial Park in Fullerton
Kesha Loses Appeal To Break Deals With Dr. Luke
Enlarge this image toggle caption Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic/Getty Images Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic/Getty Images
Singer Kesha has lost the latest round in their long-standing and acrimonious legal battle with producer Dr. Luke , which began with a suit filed in California in October 2014 accusing them of drugging and raping them
On Tuesday , the New York State Supreme Court in Manhattan ruled that the singer can not pursue a countersuit aiming to void their business contracts with Dr. Luke , born Lukasz Gottwald .
At every point thus far , Kesha has either lost in court or has dropped them claims . Requests for comment from the attorneys representing Kesha and Dr. Luke were not immediately returned .
The appeal Kesha lost this week was in response to a New York suit filed by Dr. Luke in October 2016 , accusing them of defamation and breach of contract ; they asserted that their rape and abuse allegations were rooted in bitter contract renegotiations .
In Tuesday 's decision , the court ruled that Kesha 's appeal was `` palpably insufficient and devoid of merit '' and that their counterclaims were in part `` speculative , contradicted by their own allegations that they had continued performing under the agreements . ''
Dr. Luke first signed the singer in 2005 , when they were 18 years old .
Kesha 's original suit , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court , accused Dr. Luke of sexual assault and battery , sexual harassment , gender violence , civil harassment , unfair business , and intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress .
Dr. Luke denied Kesha 's allegations and countersued the singer for defamation .
In February 2015 , the singer ( born Kesha Rose Sebert ) filed an injunction , asking to be let out of their recording contract with Dr. Luke 's label , Kemosabe , a label imprint owned by Sony Music Entertainment . Four months later , they amended their injunction request , charging that SME was aware of the alleged abuse against them and also knew about other alleged victims of Dr. Luke . They also submitted a motion asking for the New York litigation to be put on pause so that their case in California could continue ; Dr. Luke filed an opposing motion , which they were granted .
A year later , Kesha 's injunction to to be released from their Sony contract was denied . Afterwards , fans and fellow artists publicly rallied to their side , including Lady Gaga and Kelly Clarkson . Dr. Luke had also worked closely with Clarkson , producing such smashes for them as `` Since U Been Gone '' and `` My Life Would Suck Without You . '' In an interview with Australian radio station KIIS 1065 , Clarkson asserted that they had only worked with them because they had been `` literally ... blackmailed '' by their label , RCA , another subsidiary of SME .
In April 2016 , all of Kesha 's abuse claims in New York were dismissed by Manhattan State Supreme Court Justice Shirley Werner Kornreich , who also ruled in Tuesday 's decision .
In August 2016 , Vanity Fair reported that Kornreich is married to Ed Kornreich , a lawyer and partner in the firm Proskauer Rose , which has represented SME . ( Proskauer Rose was also brought in by member station New York Public Radio to conduct an investigation regarding allegations of sexual harassment and inappropriate behavior ; the firm released its findings last month . ) In response , Kornreich said that their husband 's specialty within the large firm is health care and that their relationship is irrelevant to Kesha 's case .
In that 2016 decision , Kornreich threw out Kesha 's claims of hate crimes and human rights abuses , ruling that Dr. Luke 's alleged abuses occurred `` outside New York and beyond the legal time limit , '' adding that `` every rape is not a gender-motivated hate crime . ''
In August 2016 , Kesha dropped all their charges against the producer in California . In January 2017 , they filed a request to amend their New York lawsuit to include claims that Dr. Luke 's companies Prescription and KMI failed to report or pay their royalties , writing : `` You can get a divorce from an abusive spouse . You can dissolve a partnership if the relationship becomes irreconcilable . The same opportunity — to be liberated from the physical , emotional , and financial bondage of a destructive relationship — should be available to a recording artist . '' Kornreich denied that request in March 2017 .
Villanova first-year student Omari Spellman announced Wednesday they are keeping their name in the NBA Draft , meaning the Wildcats will be without four of their top six players from last season 's national championship team .
Spellman , who missed the 2016-17 season after being ruled academically ineligible , averaged 10.9 points and 8.0 rebounds last season for Villanova . They emerged as one of the best perimeter shooters at their position , making 43.3 percent of their 3-point attempts . Spellman had a strong NCAA tournament , including an 18-point , eight-rebound effort against West Virginia and 15 points and 13 rebounds against Kansas in the national semifinals .
A 6-foot-9 Ohio native , Spellman was considered a five-star recruit in the class of 2016 .
Editor 's Picks Nova hero DiVincenzo to remain in NBA draft Villanova guard Donte DiVincenzo announced Tuesday they will sign with an agent and keep their name in the NBA draft .
`` We 're really proud of the man that Omari has become and the thoughtful way they approached this process , '' Villanova coach Jay Wright said in a release . `` The NBA people I have spoken with have been impressed with Omari 's maturity and potential as a player . They made a great impact on our program and we 're thrilled that their efforts have led them to this opportunity . ''
Sophomore guard Donte DiVincenzo announced their intentions on Tuesday , while Mikal Bridges and Jalen Brunson made their decisions shortly after the season ended in April .
Double-figure scorers Eric Paschall and Phil Booth are now the top returnees for Villanova , with freshmen Collin Gillespie , Dhamir Cosby-Roundtree and Jermaine Samuels earmarked for bigger roles . Jay Wright is bringing in three ESPN 100 recruits , including five-star point guard Jahvon Quinerly and four-star forwards Cole Swider and Brandon Slater , as well as Albany graduate transfer Joe Cremo .
SARNIA — The Progressive Conservatives released more information Wednesday about their campaign spending pledges , but still did not detail how they plan to pay for them . And despite previous promises to release a fully costed platform before election day , the PCs said no further financial information would be released .
Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford speaks to the media in the kitchen of Bill and Linda Reid in Reeces Corners , Ont . on Wednesday . ( Geoff Robins / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
While coming under fire from the New Democrats , who are now ahead of the PCs in some polls , and the Liberals , who accuse them of having a $ 40 billion budget hole , PC Leader Doug Ford also faced harsh words from within their own party . Former MPP and cabinet minister Brad Clark took to Twitter to criticize Ford . “ You have promised your candidates and the public a costed election platform , ” said Clark , who served under Mike Harris and Ernie Eves . “ It is not enough to ask people to vote against the Libs and NDP . While your candidates will not speak out in public , I will . The lack of a platform is impacting voter intentions . ”
Article Continued Below
The “ plan for the people ” posted Wednesday on the party 's website includes the costs of promises , but no details of how they would be paid for . On Tuesday , Ford said a fully costed platform would be out “ by the end of this campaign. ” On Monday , two of their highest profile candidates — Christine Elliott and Caroline Mulroney — also said detailed financial information would be available by June 7 . A party spokesperson said the information posted Wednesday was that plan . “ Every promise we 've made is costed in our plan , ” said Melissa Lantsman via email . “ We are going to balance the budget in a responsible way . We will not balance in the first or second year , but are committed to returning to balance as quickly as we can .
“ We do not yet know the state of Ontario 's finances and anyone who tells you they do is lying to you , ” said Lantsman . In Leamington , NDP Leader Andrea Horwath derided Ford for being “ only prepared to write a list of things they might do and put it on the internet .
Article Continued Below
“ That 's not good enough . The reality is that people deserve to know what Mr. Ford 's plans are , what services are going to be threatened by Mr. Ford 's cuts , ” said Horwath , demanding to know “ what he 's got up their sleeve. ” “ His list of things to do that they put on their website is not going to help people to decide which way to vote . People deserve so much better than that , ” they said , adding that the PC leader was “ not being honest with people . He 's not being upfront. ” Speaking in Thornhill , Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne said their party had more details in its mock version of a costed Ford platform than the PCs do in their official version . “ This is not a fully costed plan . It 's not coherent , ” they told reporters atop a hotel near Yonge St. and Steeles Ave. “ We added up the promises Doug Ford has made , which we calculate to be about $ 40 billion that they would have to find. ” This close to an election , “ every party should have a costed , fully coherent plan to take to the people of Ontario , ” Wynne said . “ That 's not what Doug Ford and the Conservatives have put out , so I think they still need to be asked to do that. ” Wynne also noted that the Conservatives waited until after Ford had their only media availability of the day before releasing the long-awaited plan . “ If I were to interpret , they 're not quite sure how to talk about the fact that all of the things Doug Ford has said would add up to a $ 40 billion hole and they have no idea how they would find that , ” they said . “ And they certainly have no idea how they would do the things they say he 's going to do and build transit and keep our education system and our health care systems growing and vibrant . So there would be cutting . “ That 's a hard thing for Doug Ford to admit to ... perhaps that 's why they have n't put out a fully costed plan. ” The promises listed on the PC website include : • reducing hydro bills by 12 per cent , at a cost to the government of $ 800 million a year • reducing gasoline prices , $ 1.19 billion a year • a middle-class income tax cut , starting in year three , $ 2.26 billion a year • Child-care tax credits , $ 389 million a year With files from Robert Benzie and Rob Ferguson
Read more about :
Mata delighted as West Ham thrashing banishes Super Cup disappointment
Manchester United thrashed West Ham 4-0 to kick off their Premier League campaign in style and leave Juan Mata content .
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017 , 16:16 IST
Manchester United 's Juan Mata ( right ) and on-loan West Ham goalkeeper Joe Hart
Juan Mata was delighted to help Manchester United overcome the disappointment of their European Super Cup loss to Real Madrid in Sunday 's 4-0 defeat of West Ham .
Jose Mourinho 's side kicked off the Premier League season in style as headline signing Romelu Lukaku netted twice , adding to the goal they scored in the 2-1 reverse against Madrid .
It left United top of the table after the first round of matches and Spain international Mata hopes the club can compete on all fronts this term , as they return to the Champion League .
`` It was a joy to have a game like this one , we needed it after failing to win the first title of the season in Skopje , '' they wrote in their blog .
`` I hope we can have many more games like that , even better if there are 37 .
`` Obviously we know it will be complicated , because this is the toughest league in the world and every single game is a difficult test .
`` These are the first three points and they will be even more important at the end of the season .
`` The year is going to be specially exciting because we are back in the Champions League , and we do n't forget the two cups , of course .
`` That 's a lot of things to fight for , as usual , so we have to go little by little , stay together and work tirelessly . That 's how you get to your long-term goals . ''
Next up for United is Saturday 's trip to Swansea City .
Eight Roads Ventures , the proprietary investment arm of Fidelity International , is officially launching its new European fund today .
Targeting scale-ups in Europe and Israel , ‘ Eight Roads Ventures Europe ' will have $ 375 million in capital to deploy , mostly at the Series B and Series C stages but also in scale-ups that although bootstrapped have found market fit and traction and are in need of growth capital .
It plans to back a total of 15 to 20 companies , with an average investment size of between $ 10 million and $ 30 million , and will invest right across the region . Eight Roads Ventures also plans to remain sector agnostic , although enterprise , consumer , fintech and healthcare IT are name checked as markets of particular interest .
“ The strategy continues to be to find European scale-ups — and by Europe we mean Europe and Israel — and help them become global winners , ” Davor Hebel , Managing Partner and Head of Eight Roads Ventures Europe , tells me during a call .
“ We are very excited about the health of the European ecosystem . We see more and more the best young talent deciding to choose their career in entrepreneurship , and we see more and more early-stage funds popping up in different regions . And our strong belief is that there is no one place where great European companies are going to come up ” .
Describing Europe as “ truly the most scattered and distributed geography , ” Hebel cites recent Eight Roads Ventures investments in companies founded in Hamburg , Malmo , Tel Aviv , and Paris , not just the most popular hubs of London , Berlin and Stockholm . “ The real focus is to find great companies no matter where they are and to help them scale up from , typically , thirty to fifty employees to five hundred or one thousand employees , ” they say .
Scaling up is also where Eight Roads Ventures sees a “ resource gap ” in the European market . This includes a big difference in the amount of growth capital available to companies in the U.S. compared to those in Europe . However , it 's not just money , but also a gap in knowledge of how to scale .
“ This is where we want to bring our growth tool kit , and help companies around things like scaling sales and marketing , and expanding internationally , building layers of management , all the things that European companies are looking to do as they become globally and regionally successful , ” says Hebel .
Talking specifically about the VC firm 's interest in fintech and healthcare , the Eight Roads Ventures Europe boss notes that a generation of technologies are moving into “ pretty regulated industries ” and that while this has major challenges it also brings a lot of interesting opportunities .
“ One of the big raw materials is great entrepreneurship , ” they say , and that to transform a highly regulated market you need people who can really shake things up . This is already happening in fintech with challenger banks going after opportunities “ where it 's still early days but the ultimate prize is pretty big , ” and we 're now starting to see the same thing in healthcare .
“ Ten percent of the world 's GDP goes on healthcare spend , yet we feel like we can still do much better in terms of both preventing and then curing different diseases , ” adds Hebel .
Meanwhile , since launching its first standalone European fund in 2010 , Eight Roads Ventures has backed over 20 companies in the region . They include AppsFlyer , Compte Nickel , InnoGames , Made.com , Neo4j , Treatwell and Wallapop .
BUFFALO , N.Y. -- The Buffalo Sabres have signed Victor Olofsson to a two-year contract after they scored a Swedish Hockey League-leading 27 goals last season .
The Sabres selected Olofsson in the seventh round of the 2014 draft . The forward has spent the past three seasons in the SHL , collecting 50 goals and 49 assists in 150 regular-season games . Overall , Olofsson had 60 goals and 117 points in 200 games .
They are coming off a career-best season in which they finished with 43 points in 50 games during their second year with Frolunda HC .
The 22-year-old is listed at 5-foot-11 and 173 pounds .
The Sabres announced the agreement on Tuesday .
Ever wished you could be in two places at the same time ? The XPRIZE Foundation wants to make that a reality with a $ 10 million competition to build robot avatars that can be controlled from at least 100 kilometers away .
The competition was announced by XPRIZE founder Peter Diamandis at the SXSW conference in Austin last week , with an ambitious timeline of awarding the grand prize by October 2021 . Teams have until October 31st to sign up , and they need to submit detailed plans to a panel of judges by the end of next January .
The prize , sponsored by Japanese airline ANA , has given contestants little guidance on how they expect them to solve the challenge other than saying their solutions need to let users see , hear , feel , and interact with the robot 's environment as well as the people in it .
XPRIZE has also not revealed details of what kind of tasks the robots will be expected to complete , though they 've said tasks will range from “ simple ” to “ complex , ” and it should be possible for an untrained operator to use them .
That 's a hugely ambitious goal that 's likely to require teams to combine multiple emerging technologies , from humanoid robotics to virtual reality high-bandwidth communications and high-resolution haptics .
If any of the teams succeed , the technology could have myriad applications , from letting emergency responders enter areas too hazardous for humans to helping people care for relatives who live far away or even just allowing tourists to visit other parts of the world without the jet lag .
“ Our ability to physically experience another geographic location , or to provide on-the-ground assistance where needed , is limited by cost and the simple availability of time , ” Diamandis said in a statement .
“ The ANA Avatar XPRIZE can enable creation of an audacious alternative that could bypass these limitations , allowing us to more rapidly and efficiently distribute skill and hands-on expertise to distant geographic locations where they are needed , bridging the gap between distance , time , and cultures , ” they added .
Interestingly , the technology may help bypass an enduring hand break on the widespread use of robotics : autonomy . By having a human in the loop , you do n't need nearly as much artificial intelligence analyzing sensory input and making decisions .
Robotics software is doing a lot more than just high-level planning and strategizing , though . While a human moves their limbs instinctively without consciously thinking about which muscles to activate , controlling and coordinating a robot 's components requires sophisticated algorithms .
The DARPA Robotics Challenge demonstrated just how hard it was to get human-shaped robots to do tasks humans would find simple , such as opening doors , climbing steps , and even just walking . These robots were supposedly semi-autonomous , but on many tasks they were essentially tele-operated , and the results suggested autonomy is n't the only problem .
There 's also the issue of powering these devices . You may have noticed that in a lot of the slick web videos of humanoid robots doing cool things , the machine is attached to the roof by a large cable . That 's because they suck up huge amounts of power .
Possibly the most advanced humanoid robot—Boston Dynamics ' Atlas—has a battery , but it can only run for about an hour . That might be fine for some applications , but you do n't want it running out of juice halfway through rescuing someone from a mine shaft .
When it comes to the link between the robot and its human user , some of the technology is probably not that much of a stretch . Virtual reality headsets can create immersive audio-visual environments , and a number of companies are working on advanced haptic suits that will let people “ feel ” virtual environments .
Motion tracking technology may be more complicated . While even consumer-grade devices can track peoples ' movements with high accuracy , you will probably need to don something more like an exoskeleton that can both pick up motion and provide mechanical resistance , so that when the robot bumps into an immovable object , the user stops dead too .
How hard all of this will be is also dependent on how the competition ultimately defines subjective terms like “ feel ” and “ interact. ” Will the user need to be able to feel a gentle breeze on the robot 's cheek or be able to paint a watercolor ? Or will simply having the ability to distinguish a hard object from a soft one or shake someone 's hand be enough ?
Whatever the fidelity they decide on , the approach will require huge amounts of sensory and control data to be transmitted over large distances , most likely wirelessly , in a way that 's fast and reliable enough that there 's no lag or interruptions . Fortunately 5G is launching this year , with a speed of 10 gigabits per second and very low latency , so this problem should be solved by 2021 .
And it 's worth remembering there have already been some tentative attempts at building robotic avatars . Telepresence robots have solved the seeing , hearing , and some of the interacting problems , and MIT has already used virtual reality to control robots to carry out complex manipulation tasks .
South Korean company Hankook Mirae Technology has also unveiled a 13-foot-tall robotic suit straight out of a sci-fi movie that appears to have made some headway with the motion tracking problem , albeit with a human inside the robot . Toyota 's T-HR3 does the same , but with the human controlling the robot from a “ Master Maneuvering System ” that marries motion tracking with VR .
Combining all of these capabilities into a single machine will certainly prove challenging . But if one of the teams pulls it off , you may be able to tick off trips to the Seven Wonders of the World without ever leaving your house .
Image Credit : ANA Avatar XPRIZE
Sunriver Police along with the Deschutes County Sheriff 's Office and the Oregon State Police continue to investigate the circumstances surrounding the death of a man who was found near a jogging trail Sunday morning on Woodland Lane in Sunriver . According to Police , the 30 year old man was found bleeding from the neck from an apparent stab wound . A weapon was recovered at the crime scene . The name of the man has not been released at this time pending notification of family members .
Cosmonauts perform the longest Russian spacewalk to upgrade high-gain antenna
Derek Richardson
In the second spacewalk of 2018 , two Russian cosmonauts went outside the International Space Station to upgrade an electronics box on the Lira high-gain antenna at the aft end of the outpost .
The goal for Russian EVA-44 was to install an upgraded electronics box—a high-frequency receiver unit—on the Lira antenna located at the aft-end of the 17-year-old Zvezda service module . It was never designed for on-orbit servicing .
Expedition 54 cosmonauts Alexander Misurkin and Anton Shkaplerov opened the airlock hatch on the Pirs docking compartment at 10:34 a.m. EST ( 15:34 GMT ) Feb. 2 , 2018 , officially starting the outing . The spacewalk was anticipated to last about 6.5 hours .
“ It is Ground Hog day , ” said Rob Navias , the NASA public affairs officer offering commentary on NASA TV , not long after hatch opening . “ As the cosmonauts have emerged from the Pirs docking compartment , ultimately they 'll see their shadow and thus earning six more hours plus of spacewalk activity . ”
While that may have been a light joke , the planned outing indeed went into overtime after an obsolete rendezvous target caused a snag in the eventual redeployment of the Lira antenna . In total , the outing lasted 8 hours , 7 minutes—the longest Russian spacewalk and fifth-longest in human spaceflight history , according to NASA .
Once the duo left Pirs , their first task was to gather tools and equipment and bring everything to the rear of the space station—the aft portion of Zvezda . This took around an hour .
The next step was unlock the Lira antenna to move it into a stowed position to access the electronics box that will be replaced . The orientation placed it in front of the currently-empty aft docking port . The port will host Progress MS-08 after it launches on Feb. 11 , 2018 .
Replacing the high-gain receiver involved removing screws and connectors that were not designed to be worked on in space . According to NASASpaceflight , in planning for the spacewalk , tools had to be invited in order to do the complex work outside the outpost .
According to Spaceflight101 , Lira has actually been mostly dormant since it launched with Zvezda in 2000 . It was supposed to communicate with the Russian Luch Satellite Data Relay Network , which is similar to NASA 's Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System , to allow for near-continuous communication with Russian mission control in Moscow via a space-to-space network . However , delays and degradation prevented prevented Lira from being used for that purpose .
Luch is now operational with new satellites launched between 2009 and 2014 . As a result , the now-outdated hardware inside Lira had to be upgraded in order to be compatible .
About four hours into the spacewalk , the cosmonauts finally finished detaching the old electronics box and disposed of it by throwing it away from the outpost . It was pushed away retrograde in relation to the orbital path of the outpost as to ensure the box does not come around it strike the outpost in the near future .
The Lira electronics box wo n't be in orbit for long as the slight drag of the upper atmosphere will begin to slow it down over the coming weeks and months before it eventually reenters and burns up .
Once the old box was safely thrown away , the new one had to be installed in its place . That took a little over an hour .
As soon as the modern-Luch-compatible high-gain receiver was confirmed to be activated , the cosmonauts were tasked with rotating Lira back to an operational position . However , there was a problem . The antenna got snagged on a now-unused docking target for the now-retired European Automated Transfer Vehicle .
This resulted in the two cosmonauts manually moving the antenna around the docking target before commanding the antenna to move again . However , it moved further than planned—a full 180 degrees from where it was supposed to be . This will require further investigation from Russian ground controllers .
Nevertheless , the spacewalk was already running long and it was time for the duo to clean up their work space and make their way back to Pirs . Hatch closure finally occurred at 6:47 p.m. EST ( 11:47 GMT ) , officially ending the record-breaking EVA .
According to NASA , this was Misurkin 's fourth spacewalk and the second for Shkaplerov . Additionally , it was the 207th EVA in support of ISS assembly and maintenance since 1998 .
There will be another spacewalk at the ISS in the coming weeks . A U.S. orbital segment-based spacewalk is planned for Feb. 15 , 2018 , and will see NASA astronaut Mark Vande Hei and Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency astronaut Norishige Kanai stow and reposition two latching end effectors that were recently replaced on the robotic Canadarm2 .
Video courtesy of NASA
NEW YORK ( AP ) -
Monday , March 19 , 2018 at 2:00 pm |
The floor of the New York Stock Exchange , Monday . ( Reuters/Lucas Jackson )
A sharp loss for Facebook is dragging technology companies lower Monday as U.S. stock indexes skid . The social media company is facing new criticism related to privacy issues following reports a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and then kept data on tens of millions of users . The stock is on pace for its biggest loss since 2012 .
The British pound is rising and European stocks are down after Britain and the European Union said they are getting closer to a deal that will complete Britain 's departure from the EU .
KEEPING SCORE : The S & P 500 index sank 42 points , or 1.6 percent , to 2,709 as of 12:20 p.m. Eastern time . The benchmark index is on track for its biggest loss since Feb. 8 , when it tumbled almost 4 percent . The Dow Jones industrial average fell 332 points , or 1.3 percent , to 24,613 . The Nasdaq composite lost 169 points , or 2.3 percent , to 7,314 . The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 23 points , or 1.5 percent , to 1,562 .
UNFRIENDED : Facebook said Friday that the data mining company Cambridge Analytica improperly obtained data on some of its users , and that it had suspended Cambridge while it investigates . Facebook said the company obtained data from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app that was described as a personality test .
The New York Times and the Guardian reported that Cambridge was able to tap the profiles of more than 50 million Facebook users without their permission . Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago but had n't disclosed it . A British legislator said Facebook had misled officials while Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota said Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg should testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee .
Facebook sank $ 13.81 , or 7.5 percent , to $ 171.28 . That put the stock on pace for its biggest loss in five and a half years .
Other technology companies also struggled . Microsoft slid $ 1.86 , or 2 percent , to $ 92.74 .
Ives said Wall Street is more concerned about the latest situation than it was about issues like Facebook 's platform spreading fake news . That 's because Cambridge reportedly got access to the personal data of a large number of users , and the backlash suggests Facebook may face more regulation or could lose users , advertisers or advertising revenue .
They estimated that $ 5 billion in annual revenue for Facebook might be at risk and that the company has to work hard to assure users and government agencies . They said the situation could create problems for other tech companies .
Alphabet fell $ 38.85 , or 3.4 percent , to $ 1,095.57 and Twitter slipped 88 cents , or 2.5 percent , to $ 34.70 .
BYE-BYE BRITAIN : Representatives of Britain and the European Union said they made progress on the terms of Britain 's departure from the bloc . British envoy David Davis said important steps have been made in the last few days and they think EU leaders will back them in a meeting Thursday and Friday . Britain is scheduled to officially leave the EU on March 29 , 2019 .
The pound rose to $ 1.4040 from $ 1.3938 . The British FTSE 100 index fell 1.6 percent and Germany 's DAX fell 1.6 percent as well . France 's CAC-40 was 1.2 percent lower .
JUST ANOTHER MERGER MONDAY : Internet technology company CSRA rose 43 cents , or 1 percent , to $ 41.08 after CACI International offered to buy it for $ 44 a share in cash and stock , or about $ 7.2 billion . Defense contractor General Dynamics agreed to buy CSRA in February for $ 40.75 a share in cash , or about $ 6.8 billion . General Dynamics said it 's proceeding with that offer , suggesting it does n't plan to raise its price .
CACI fell $ 12.40 , or 7.9 percent , to $ 145.05 and General Dynamics rose 71 cents to $ 223.45 .
KLA-Tencor , which makes equipment used in manufacturing semiconductors , said it will buy Orbotech , a company that makes equipment for electronics manufacturers . The deal values Orbotech at $ 38.86 a share in cash and stock , or $ 1.88 billion . Orbotech rose $ 2.84 , or 4.7 percent , to $ 62.74 and KLA-Tencor skidded $ 9.08 , or 7.5 percent , to $ 111.54 .
BONDS : Bond prices turned higher . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.83 percent from 2.85 percent .
ENERGY : Benchmark U.S. crude fell 40 cents to $ 61.94 a barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , fell 21 cents to $ 66 per barrel in London .
ASIA : Tokyo 's Nikkei 225 fell 0.9 percent and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng edged up less than 0.1 percent . Seoul 's Kospi lost 0.8 percent .
CURRENCIES : The dollar fell to 105.83 yen from 106.10 yen . The euro rose to $ 1.2335 from $ 1.2284 .
Hugo Weaving , who previously starred in technology trend-setting film “ The Matrix , ” will head the cast of full-length virtual reality feature “ Lone Wolf. ” They are joined by “ Hotel Mumbai ” actor Tilda Cobham-Hervey .
The Australian film is to be directed by Jonathan Ogilvie ( “ The Tender Hook , ” “ Jet Set , ” “ Emulsion ” ) as a modern-day adaptation of Joseph Conrad 's 1907 novel “ The Secret Agent. ” Exploring themes of fanaticism and terrorism , the story involves a cluster of anarchists , one of whom is also a police informant , who receive a proposal to attack the Sydney Opera House . Weaving plays a police minister involved in the conspiracy , with Cobham-Hervey as one of the cell members .
The film is set to go into production later this year after completing funding of its $ 2 million budget . Executive producer is Lee Hubber . An Australian theatrical release in 2019 is set through distributor Label . International sales are to be handled by Level K , a Danish sales firm which has previously represented other Australian film titles .
“ This is an incredibly timely story . A film shot entirely as surveillance in objective and POV mode — the character of Stevie incessantly films everything on their phone — plays on our conflicted collective concerns regarding surveillance , i.e . the loss of personal privacy vs. the sense of security in having someone watch over us , ” said Ogilvie .
Related Oculus Venues App Brings Social Co-Viewing of MLB Games , Live Concerts to Oculus Go , Gear VR Headsets Oculus Go Porn : Adult Industry Has High Hopes for Facebook 's New VR Headset
They intend to deliver a 2D and a full-length VR version , allowing the film to claim the title of the world 's first VR feature movie . The production will use a cluster of lenses to deliver the VR effect , which will create a 3D 200-degree viewing environment that can be accessed through generic smartphone-mounted headsets .
Ogilvie says that Anthony Kierann , GM of festivals and Australian cinema programs at exhibition chain Event Cinemas , has expressed interest in showing both 2D and VR versions of the film . They envisage creating pop-up events in a theatrical environment . Ogilvie and Hubber are also in discussions with Lens Immersive with a view of online VR distribution in Australia , Canada , Hong Kong and mainland China .
With the backing of arts and disability organisation Accessible Arts the production is committed to casting an actor with a disability in the role of Stevie . “ Casting a non-disabled actor in a disabled role may have won Oscars in past but in the quest for diversity and authenticity on screen it is time to identify this practice for what it is — the equivalent of performing in ‘ black-face , ' ” Ogilvie said .
POPULAR ON VARIETY :
Joe Girardi explains why they made the decision to not request a review on the Lonnie Chisenhall hit-by-pitch . ( 0:46 )
Girardi on hit-by-pitch : 'It was way too late ' to challenge ( 0:46 )
CLEVELAND -- New York Yankees manager Joe Girardi said they did not challenge a call that resulted in a Cleveland Indians hit batsman instead of a strike three because their replay personnel did not have enough time to see the correct shot and they did n't want to ruin the rhythm of their pitcher .
The Indians ' batter , Lonnie Chisenhall , went to first to load the bases in the bottom of the sixth inning Friday night . Next , reliever Chad Green gave up a grand slam to the Indians ' Francisco Lindor to cut the Yankees ' lead from five runs to one .
Yankees catcher Gary Sanchez caught the ball that replay showed hit off the knob of Chisenhall 's bat on the 0-2 pitch . It should have been strike three to end the inning .
Sanchez said they yelled `` Foul ! '' and they looked over to the dugout .
Still , Girardi did not call for a replay .
`` There was nothing that told us that they were not hit by the pitch , '' Girardi said after the Yankees lost 9-8 in 13 innings to fall behind two games in the best-of-five American League Division Series . `` By the time we got the super slo-mo , we are beyond a minute . It was too late . They tell us we have 30 seconds . ''
Yankees official Brett Weber is the one who fastidiously studies each replay . They did n't see one in time to call for the challenge , according to Girardi .
Girardi , with two challenges remaining and the game already in the sixth , could have challenged just to see if they were right .
`` I think about the rhythm and never want to take a pitcher out of rhythm and have them stand over there to tell me they are n't hit , '' Girardi said .
The Yankees declined to make Weber available to speak with the media . Weber and the Yankees had the best percentage of overturning replays in all baseball in 2017 at a 75 percent success clip .
This time , the Yankees did n't use one , leaving Girardi frustrated .
`` We had no super slo-mo at that time , '' Girardi said . `` Again , I 'm going to reiterate , I think about keeping a pitcher in rhythm . Maybe I 'll think different now . ''
Kim Kardashian has arrived at the White House to discuss prison reform and advocate for Alice Marie Johnson , a 63-year-old great-grandmother who is serving a life sentence with for a nonviolent drug offense . Johnson was convicted and sentenced without parole in 1996 .
The reality star arrived at the White House just after 4:30 p.m. Wednesday for a meeting with Jared Kushner , President Donald Trump 's son-in-law and senior adviser , who oversees the administration 's push to overhaul the nation 's prison system . A rare A-list celebrity to visit the White House since Trump took office , Kardashian West was seen posing for photos in front of the West Wing before entering . They were dressed in all black save a pair of neon green translucent pumps for the visit .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
It 's unclear whether Kim will meet with President Trump , but he 's previously invited White House visitors to the Oval Office for brief meetings and photos . She 's accompanied with their attorney Shawn Holley , according to Buzzfeed News . They appeared sans their famous family members , Keeping Up with the Kardashians film crew , publicist , or husband Kanye West ( who tweeted about their `` love '' for Trump last month ) , according to Vanity Fair .
Kardashian has previously been in touch with Kushner regarding Johnson 's case , and today 's meeting is the result of months of planning , Vanity Fair reports . `` I 've been in communication with the White House and trying to bring their case to the president 's desk and figure out how we can get them out , '' they said in an interview with Mic earlier this month .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The meeting with Trump , which was initially reported by @ VanityFair , marks the culmination of months of @ KimKardashian West 's behind-the-scenes efforts to free # AliceMarieJohnson . pic.twitter.com/EyGwQ2vct1https : //t.co/We2L0m6bFV — Mic ( @ mic ) May 30 , 2018
Kim added that if they had the opportunity to meet with President Trump , they would urge them to pardon Johnson . `` I would explain to them that , just like everybody else , we can make choices in our lives that we 're not proud of and that we do n't think through all the way , '' they added to Mic .
The KUWTK star first showed their support for Johnson in October after seeing a viral video from Mic about their sentencing . `` This is so unfair ... '' they tweeted in response to the clip .
This is so unfair ... https : //t.co/W3lPINbQuy — Kim Kardashian West ( @ KimKardashian ) October 26 , 2017
Afterwards , they approached their lawyer , Shawn Holley , with their desire to step in and help , Mic reports . They and Johnson have also spoken directly . In a thank-you letter to the reality star , Johnson wrote : `` Ms. Kardashian you are literally helping to save my life and restore me to my family . ''
Hours before their meeting in Washington , Kardashian again tweeted their support for Johnson .
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West ( @ KimKardashian ) May 30 , 2018
Associated Press contributed reporting .
By -
When your best friend moves into their new luxury residence say like these in Montreal , you may want to consider giving a high tech device for your housewarming gift . These new-fangled gizmos can really spice up any home , but they 're especially suitable for high-end houses and condo units . Take a look at our suggestions for the new homeowner :
Smart Smoke Alarm and Detector . Surely your buddy has fire insurance , but a smoke detector is still a sensible precaution . What sets this apart is that it 's rather more advanced than other models . You need a model to detect carbon monoxide and also send alerts to your Wi-Fi devices . Smart Home Security Camera and Alarm System . This is another smart device , which for luxury homes is n't really foolish at all . Get them a wide angle camera with infrared , and it should be tied in to an alarm system that sends warnings and video straight to your smartphone . So you can make sure that you 're alerted when someone approaches your home , and you can get video evidence too . Programmable Coffee Machine . This is great for mornings when your buddy wants to have a cup of java right after they wake up . If it 's a smart coffee machine , then your buddy can have it start making coffee right before the alarm goes off so there 's no waiting for the caffeine .
4 . Automatic Pet Feeder . Again this is another smart option , and this time you have a feeder that sets up automatic feedings . If you want , you can also set it up and have it feed your pooch or kitty while you 're at work .
5 . Smart Weighing Scale . Everything 's smart these days , and that even includes a weighing scale . Ordinarily , it may not be polite to give a weighing scale even to a friend , since it may seem like you 're saying that they 're getting fat . But they may not think that weigh when you get them this version .
You can find one with a minimalist design and it can come with smart features too . This can track weight , calculate body fat , and perhaps even measure the pulse wave velocity . It should be compatible with a smartphone since it 's normally controlled through an app .
Shower Speaker . Some people turn on their smartphones in the shower to get some music , but a waterproof shower speaker works better . The sound is n't just nicer , but the waterproofing should help it last long . A device like this usually connects to a smartphone through Bluetooth . If you like listening to baseball radio broadcasts , you may want to get a speaker with FM radio . Wi-Fi Range Extender . Many luxury homes have huge floor spaces , and the Wi-Fi may not be strong enough if your buddies like to hang out in the garage or backyard . Thick walls can also block Wi-Fi signals . But with this device , everyone at home can go online wirelessly . 3D Nightlights . This may be marketed towards kids , but plenty of adults are intrigued by them too . These are disks that emit lights that look like 3D images , though they 're actually 2D . This can show designs like Ironman 's mask , Star Wars vehicles , or even Sanrio characters . Smart Thermostat . Try the one from Nest that was designed by the same person who created the shape of the iPod . It does n't just look cool , but it learns to automatically schedule and control your temperature . It turns itself off when no one 's home , and it starts heating or cooling your house when you 're on your way home .
10 . Digital Art Frame . You know how your monitor can display cool wallpapers ? You can have a frame that can do that too . It can display fine art or supermodels , depending on what images are saved in your smartphone .
Lots of these items are smart devices , and they 're all high tech . Get them for your buddy as the best housewarming gifts for luxury homes . For the Silo , Dimitry Karloff .
Featured image- The $ 6 million Penthouse on the 12th and 14th floors of the Residences Ritz-Carlton Montreal .
Jessica Chastain is in talks to star as the villain in Fox 's X-Men spinoff “ Dark Phoenix ” with Jennifer Lawrence , Michael Fassbender , James McAvoy , Sophie Turner , and Nicholas Hoult all returning to the franchise .
Fox also announced Wednesday that Simon Kinberg is making their directorial debut on the tentpole from their own adaptation . He 's best known for writing and producing films in the franchise , including “ X-Men : Apocalypse ” and “ X-Men : Days of Future Past . ”
“ Dark Phoenix ” will shoot in Montreal . Kinberg is also producing along with Hutch Parker and Lauren Shuler Donner .
Fox announced in April that it was releasing a trio of Marvel movies in 2018 — “ Deadpool 2 ” on June 1 , 2018 ; X-Men spinoff “ The New Mutants , ” which opens April 13 , 2018 ; and “ Dark Phoenix ” for Nov. 2 , 2018 .
“ Dark Phoenix ” centers on the telepathic Jean Grey , played by Turner , and the much-feared Phoenix force . The story originated in the 1976-77 comic book series “ Uncanny X-Men ” when Grey is exposed to deadly radiation after returning from a mission in space . Chastain would play Lilandra , who heads an alien empire called the Shi'ar .
Chastain starred in the World War II drama “ The Zookeeper 's Wife ” and has completed filming on Aaron Sorkin 's “ Molly 's Game . ”
They are repped by CAA , Mosaic , and Hansen Jacobson .
PUPILS at a Snelsmore school for deaf children will be featured in a new TV documentary on Channel 4 next week .
The cameras have been following four youngsters at Mary Hare School over the course of three terms in an effort to show what it is like growing up as a deaf teenager .
Lewis , a Year 10 pupil , and sixth formers Andrew and twins Fae and Mae each face their own individual challenges in the documentary , titled Deaf School .
Lewis is preparing to be fitted with a cochlear implant that they hope will help them hear ,
Andrew applies for the role of head boy in a bid to fit in with their peers more , while Fae and Mae are preparing to be separated when they leave Mary Hare for university .
School principal Peter Gale said : “ It is great to be able to show our school and our amazing pupils to a national audience .
“ I hope if viewers take one thing away from the programme , it will be that deafness is not a learning difficulty and there is very little that deaf people ca n't do . ”
Mary Hare is a national school for the deaf and is the largest school of its kind in the UK .
The school , which moved to Newbury in 1949 and was officially opened by Princess Margaret in 1950 , uses the oral/auditory philosophy so British Sign Language is not used at all in the classroom – a method which some quarters of the deaf community have been critical of .
Mr Gale added : “ As people will see in the programme , we learn through speaking , listening and the written word .
“ Other schools do it through sign language .
“ I think it will be a real shame if reaction to the programme is all about communication choices .
“ These young people and their families have chosen what we do . Others choose something different and that is fine .
“ In the film , you get a glimpse of the fact that being deaf can be pretty hard .
“ However , get the support right and there is no reason why pupils ca n't fly .
“ I just do n't accept that deaf people are somehow ‘ wired differently ' .
“ They have the same hopes and aspirations , interests and worries as other young people of their age . I think the programme shows this . ”
Deaf School will be shown on Channel 4 on Thursday , December 14 , at 10pm .
By MIKE CHAIKEN
EDITIONS EDITOR
The traditional violins , bassoons , trumpets , etc . will be in attendance as expected when the Hartford Symphony Orchestra sounds its first notes at this weekend 's concert .
However , audiences will also hear a stranger in the midst for one composition .
The shakuhachi .
For “ Kanno Revive , Concerto for Koto and Shakuhachi , ” Kojiro Umezaki will join the orchestra on the Japanese instrument , an open-ended flute .
Umezaki took up the instrument ( which is probably closest in pitch to the Western C-flute ) they said , because “ I grew up in Tokyo and attended a high school where the choral teacher was studying with one of the great masters of the instrument . I had been playing the Western flute and they suggested that I try to learn to play the shakuhachi . Being of mixed-race ( he 's Japanese and Dutch ) , I 'm sure there was an interest in learning more about the Japanese side of my roots , more than my non-mixed peers , perhaps . ”
“ Traditionally , ( the shakuhachi ) was a solo instrument , ” explained Umezaki . “ Itinerant monks of a particular sect of Zen Buddhism would play it , often as a part of asking for alms , but more importantly as a means to practice breathing and mediation . ”
“ After the Meiji Restoration in the 19th century , that sect was banned and what was already a secularized practice of the instrument became more so , ” said Umezaki .
“ There is a tradition form of trio of music that combines shakuhachi , shamisen , and koto . And , there 's also its use in popular forms of music that developed out of reopening Japan 's borders and adopting Western ideas on instrumentation and musical devices , ” said Umezaki .
For the performance , Umezaki will be performing with the symphony as a whole—a challenge for any solo instrumentalists .
“ One challenge ( performing with an orchestra ) stems from instrument design , somewhat on a philosophical level , ” said Umezaki . “ Basically , it 's about matching loudness or volume with an orchestra of instruments that were designed to project sound in a maximally uniform way . ”
“ Western instruments are incredible in that the dynamic range of every instrument is quite large and it 's relatively consistent from the lowest note to the highest , ” said Umezaki . “ The shakuhachi is n't designed that way . Some notes are purposefully quiet . The asymmetrical nature of the tone-quality and loudness of each note is desirable . That works nicely in a solo context , but it presents some challenges when you 're playing with a whole orchestra of instruments . ”
From the point of view as a musician , Umezaki said Kanno 's Revive , Concerto for Koto and Shakuhachi “ has a sense of clarity that supports the theme of the work , ‘ revive , ' quite nicely . Speaking just for the shakuhachi part , it 's written to be melodic in many moments and is quite idiomatic in terms of longer phrases that afford shaping individual notes . I think Kanno 's background as a composer working in film and animation underscores that they come from a generation of composers who are more comfortable with a bigger ‘ toolbox ' to work with , and the inclusion of shakuhachi and koto is n't much of a departure for him ; they are simply part of the toolbox . ”
Umezaki is part of Yo Yo Ma 's Silk Road Ensemble , which recently provided the soundtrack for Ken Burns 's documentary , “ Vietnam . ”
“ It is a part of American history , and it 's also a part of the history of South East Asia . I do n't think I can really write anything that can speak to its scale of complexity , terrible decision-making , and abject horror and tragedy , ” said Umezaki .
“ Silk Road 's mission is to continue to find new pathways to strengthen mutuality across differences . In that sense , it 's participation in the sound track–at least in concept–might be to offer a more aspirational tone in what is clearly a very troubling and conflict-ridden part of modern human history , ” said Umezaki .
When audiences hear the opening notes of Concerto for Koto and Shakuhachi , Umezaki said , “ The piece is titled ‘ Revive . ' I think the composer— and the musicians performing the piece— would be deeply satisfied if everyone there gave a chance for each phrase to speak to that theme . ”
The HSO will present Beethoven 's Eroica Friday , Oct. 6 through Sunday , Oct. 8 , in the Belding Theater at The Bushnell , 166 Capitol Ave. , Hartford . The program includes Beethoven 's Symphony No . 3 in E-flat Major , Op . 55 , “ Eroica , ” Beethoven 's Overture to Egmont , and Kanno 's Revive , Concerto for Koto and Shakuhachi .
Performances are Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m. and Sunday at 3 p.m .
Tickets start at $ 35 ; $ 10 for students with ID .
For more information , call ( 860 ) 987-5900 or visit www.hartfordsymphony.org
Over the past few years , the old language of “ customer support ” has been supplanted by the new language of “ customer success. ” In the old model , companies would essentially disappear following the conclusion of a sale , merely handling customer problems when they arose . Now , companies are actively reaching out to customers , engaging them with education and training and monitoring them with analytics to ensure they have the best time with the product as possible .
What 's changing is the nature of product and services today : subscription . Customers no longer just make a single buying decision about a product , but instead must actively commit to using the product , or else they churn .
New York-based Catalyst , founded by brothers Edward and Kevin Chiu , wants to rebuild customer success from the ground up with an integrated software platform . They have received some capital success of their own , securing $ 2.4 million in venture capital from Phil Black of True Ventures with participation from Ludlow Ventures and Compound .
New York has had something of an increase in founder mafias , as TechCrunch reported this weekend . Catalyst is no exception to this trend , with the Chiu brothers both working at DigitalOcean , one of New York 's many high-flying enterprise startups . Edward Chiu was director of customer success at the company for a number of years , but had a unique background in sales and also in coding before starting .
Kevin Chiu was head of inside sales at DigitalOcean . “ I brought my brother on to do sales at DigitalOcean , ” Edward Chiu explains . “ We always knew that we wanted to start a company together , but wanted to see if we would kill each other. ” The two worked together , and lo and behold , they did n't kill each other .
Edward Chiu wanted to match the product experience of using DigitalOcean with the experience of using its internal customer success tools . Nothing on the market fit . “ Given that DigitalOcean was a very technical product , ” Chiu explained , “ we decided to build our own tool. ” Chiu thought of customer success at DigitalOcean as its own product , and their team built up the platform to improve its functionality and scalability . “ We just used the tool and we loved it , ” they said , so we “ started to show this tool to a bunch of other customer success leaders I am connected with . ”
Other customer success leaders said they wanted the platform , and “ after the 20th person told me that , ” they and their brother spun out of DigitalOcean to go on their own . Unlike enterprise startups in New York a couple of years ago that often struggled to find any investors , Catalyst found cash quickly . “ Two weeks in we had more offers than we knew what to do with , ” Chiu explained . The two said they had originally targeted a fundraised of $ 750,000 , but ended up at $ 2.4 million .
Catalyst is a platform that integrates between a number of other major SaaS services such as Salesforce , Zendesk , Mixpanel and others to create a unified dashboard for data around customer success . From there , customer success managers have a set of automated tools to handle engagement , such as customer segmentation and email campaigns .
A major challenge in the customer success world is that these managers often do n't have the skills required to do advanced data analytics , so they often rely on their friends in engineering to run scripts or perform database lookups . The hope is that Catalyst 's feature set is powerful enough that these sorts of ad hoc tasks become a thing of the past . “ Because we aggregate all this data , you can run queries , ” Chiu explains .
Chiu says that Catalyst does n't just want to be a software platform , but rather a movement that pushes every company to think about how they can make their customers successful . “ There are so many companies that are starting to understand that it is not something that you do once you raise a Series A , but something you do from day one , ” Chiu said . “ If you take care of your very first customer , they will constantly promote you and constantly promote your business . ”
The company is based in Flatiron , and has eight employees .
City Reporter
The 17th Mystic Music Sufi Festival will begin at Alhamra Cultural Complex , Qaddafi Stadium here from February 9 to 11 , 2018 .
The 3-day festival will be organised by Rafi Peer Theatre Workshop ( RPTW ) who will bring together some 29 singers from all over Pakistan .
Executive of Rafi Peer Theatre Workshop , Sadaan Peerzada while talking to media said on Saturday that ‘ Sufiana Kalam ' had promoted tolerance and over the years one could see that youth was more into performing and listening to the mystic music .
Sadaan said that Sufi music was a strong part of Rafi Peer 's image and we believed that Sufi music was an effective tool to bring about a revolutionary change in the society .
Some 400 performers in variety of events , including Ustad Rahat Fateh Ali Khan , Saen Zahhor , Sheema Kirmani , Papu Saen , Akhtar Chinar Zehri , Zarsanga , Shah Jo Raag Fakirs , Nighat Chaodhry ,
Krishan Lal Bheel , Gonga Mithoo Saien , Mian Miri Qawal and Bushra Marvi , will perform during the festival .
Javed Bashir , Humaira channa , Abu Farid Qawwal , Tehseen Sakeena , Shaukat Dholia , Muhammad Khan from Blauchistan , Naghma Group from Gilgit-Baltistan will participate in the event .
ERIN , Wis. -- They stood on the first tee at Erin Hills , an icon of South African golf along with three who aspire to be like him .
Ernie Els played a practice round Tuesday in advance of the U.S. Open with countrymen Louis Oosthuizen , Charl Schwartzel and Branden Grace , and after they all hit their tee shots for a late-afternoon practice round , they posed for photos .
Grace knows that he 's missing something the others have -- a major championship .
Editor 's Picks U.S. Open tournament schedule , scores and coverage Get the 2017 U.S. Open golf tournament 's dates , TV schedule , news coverage , live scores and results on ESPN .
U.S. Open Top 25 : Expect DJ to deliver again According to Michael Collins ' top-25 list for the U.S. Open , an 18-year-old will crack the top 10 , Sergio Garcia wo n't be the leading Spaniard , and Dustin Johnson will have another reason to celebrate this week .
At Erin Hills , prepare to embrace the unknown There is a good bit of curiosity and consternation about Erin Hills as players prepare for the first U.S. Open there , but not everybody is fretting about the neophyte course 's imposing length and deep rough . 2 Related
That is something the latest in a long line of South African golf stars is gaining on .
And they like their chances more and more at the U.S. Open , where they have had consecutive top-five finishes .
`` I like the U.S. Open , '' Grace said on the practice range at Erin Hills . `` I feel I 'm a good grinder . I 'm good at grinding out scores and getting the most out of rounds . At golf courses like this , it 's about patience and keeping the bogeys off the card . I would think I 'm normally very good tee-to-green on these types of courses , and that 's where I score . ''
Whether Grace can put together that kind of run this week is to be determined , but they were in the hunt to win at Chambers Bay two years ago prior to a double-bogey on the 16th hole dooming their chances . They still tied for fourth , two shots behind winner Jordan Spieth .
Last year at Oakmont , Grace finished tied for fifth , their final-round 71 leaving them four strokes back of champion Dustin Johnson .
Chambers Bay and Oakmont are two entirely different courses , which speaks to Grace 's ability to adapt to varying conditions and layouts .
`` I 'm excited about this week , '' they said . `` It reminds me of Whistling Straits ( the Wisconsin course where Grace finished third in the 2015 PGA Championship ) , and it has some similarities to Chambers Bay . I like the way it looks . It suits my eye . But you still have to get a little bit lucky with the draw and what you make out of it . ''
Grace , 29 , has seven victories on the European Tour , their last coming at the 2016 Qatar Masters . They captured their lone PGA Tour title last year at the RBC Heritage .
Like many aspiring golfers , Grace has long looked up to Els , 47 , who is celebrating the 20th anniversary of their second U.S. Open title . Grace was just 9 years old in 1997 when Els held off Colin Montgomerie and Tom Lehman at Congressional , and their memories are feint .
But they and many others have benefited from Els ' success , taking part in the Ernie Els & Fancourt Foundation , which was established in 1999 to assist promising young golfers in South Africa . Oosthuizen also took part in the program , and Els sometimes shakes their head when considering playing with them today as contemporaries .
From left , Louis Oosthuizen , Charl Schwartzel and Grace share a joke during a practice round for a 2015 tournament in South Africa . Grace is the only among them without a major championship . Jan Kruger/Getty Images
`` They were juniors , and then they were amateurs , and now we are professionals , and now we 're playing together , '' said Els , a four-time major winner . `` It 's very weird , hard to explain . I mean , Louis , Branden and Charl -- I 've known them since they were so young , and now they are playing on the big stage . It 's quite nice . ''
This could be Els ' last time on this stage . They could be playing their final U.S. Open , as their five-year exemption for winning the 2012 Open Championship at Royal Lytham will expire .
That is where Grace truly was enamored of Els , seeing them capture an unlikely Claret Jug .
`` You get to see that they still have a love for the game , '' Grace said . `` All these years and after all the ups and downs and more victories and the worldwide victories , and you see that they still have the fire , that look in their eye . They still want it . And that ' something we can all learn from and feed off . ''
Grace began to be noticed when they won four times on the European Tour in 2012 . At the Volvo Golf Champions , they defeated legendary countrymen Els and Retief Goosen in a playoff .
Grace hits out of the sand onto the ninth green during a practice round for the U.S. Open at Erin Hills . Michael Madrid/USA TODAY Sports
Since then they have made consistent strides in the world rankings and is No . 29 entering the U.S. Open .
`` To be honest , they were never that good , '' Schwartzel said of Grace 's play as a junior . `` He never really seemed to have stood out as an amateur . When they really started playing well is when they were a couple of years into their professional career . They found another gear . He 's really one of those guys who went from an average player to a very good player . He 's got a great mind for the game , and I think that 's a big asset . Something clicked . ''
Grace , who is from Pretoria but now lives in George in southern South Africa , returned home following a tie for ninth at the BMW PGA Championship near London three weeks ago . They then traveled to Wisconsin on Sunday to begin preparations for the U.S. Open .
Part of that was a round with their South African mates , whom they often see near their Florida homes . He 'd love to be battling them for the U.S. Open trophy come Sunday .
`` My form is getting better , '' they said . `` The last three out of four events I 've played I 've been in contention . Not gone as I hoped , but it was nice to get back in the mix a little bit . I played well at Wentworth and did n't finish it off , but those were more management errors than golf errors . You need to make the right decision at the right time , and that can change a lot of times . ''
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
National Institute of Folk and Traditional Heritage ( Lok Virsa ) has postponed a popular ten-day annual folk festival of capital city “ Lok Mela ” . In this regard , Lok Virsa management issued an announcement through social media that now Lok Virsa is planning to organize ten-day annual Lok Mela 2018 in the autumn season this year .
The ten-day Lok Mela was being organized annually in the month of April to entertain the people of federal capital . But after this announcement , a number of artists and artisans expressed displeasure over the delay of the popular folk festival . According to Lok Virsa , announcement of new dates of Lok Mela 2018 would be made soon through a press release .
Laila Jatti , an artist said that it should be on time and month of April spring season , adding that it was the only mega event of capital city which attract thousands of people and hundreds of artists from across the country.—APP
Related
Robert Ackley , a longtime employee of Davis-Standard in Pawcatuck , was recently named to the Plastics Hall of Fame for their work at the company . Ackley , who retired in 2005 after 46 years , was honored at the National Plastics Exposition in Orlando on May 6 .
Ackley was recognized for their dedication to the company , starting as a draftsman after graduating from high school and working their way up to serving as company president for 22 years . Their leadership grew the company to more than 1,000 employees and $ 300 million in sales .
“ My time in the plastics machinery business has been fun . I took advantage of being brought up on a potato farm . My father preached that work was good for a person and hard work was even better , ” they said in their acceptance speech . “ My 46 years with Davis-Standard in the plastics industry were very enjoyable . It never felt like hard work , but more like an adventure . ”
An EU financial regulator has warned that banks moving to the cloud are at risk of vendor lock-in as well as transferring IT jobs to `` subcontractors from high-risk areas '' .
The EU Banking Authority , which regulates the financial regulators of member states , has issued a report looking at the risks of `` fintech '' , the fashionable name for `` IT that makes financial institutions work '' .
Among the inevitable prognostications on blockchain and the like , the report focused on public , hybrid and private cloud , warning that low upfront costs could potentially mask deeper problems – doing so in simple language , presumably targeted at senior executives and PFYs .
`` For applications for which security is of prime concern , a private cloud could be considered preferable , as it allows the most flexibility in data processing and security . On the other hand , private clouds are typically less scalable and more expensive than public clouds , '' said the report .
It continued , focusing on hybrid cloud business models : `` The role of IT staff in institutions could possibly undergo a significant transformation in this case , with increased cloud outsourcing services , and could possibly convert into support and consultation for cloud service selection , engagement and management . ''
Banks should also be wary of leaving all the IT nitty-gritty – the mundane but vital things such as physical and software security – to cloud providers , said the report .
Being a report from an EU institution , it also took a swipe at the small number of players in the largely US-dominated cloud market , stating : `` At the global level , risk of concentration on a limited number of CSPs could be elevated if a significant number of institutions use the same CSP 's infrastructure . ''
Bringing to mind the various US-v-EU legal cases on data residency , in particular the famous Microsoft Ireland email dispute , the report also gave a veiled hint that its authors do n't want to see those disputes repeating themselves over financial data .
`` There may be uncertainty over the jurisdiction where the data is held , given that many large CSPs operate in multiple jurisdictions with potentially fungible data centres , '' said the report .
A specific warning that will resonate with many IT folk was on the topic of subcontracting . The EU Banking Authority did not hold back , saying that `` the use of subcontractors from a high-risk area/country could negatively affect the wider operational risk and reputation risk of the institution '' .
Just to make the point clear , they added : `` Moreover , the institution 's competence in sufficiently controlling the technological infrastructure used by a CSP [ cloud service provider ] could affect the ICT outsourcing risk of the institution . ''
The age-old vendor lock-in chestnut got a fresh roasting as well , with the authority saying newer banks in particular `` may find it difficult to exit and migrate to a new CSP or re-initialise a service . In addition , potential concerns about moving to alternative CSPs ( eg , possible substandard performance or interruption of supplier service ) may deter institutions from adequately addressing this risk . ''
The full report can be read on the EBA website as a 56-page PDF . ®
Sponsored : Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Rafiullah Mandokhail
Zhob
The historical ‘ Special primary school ' known as ‘ Mandir school ' is located in the middle of the city and it is one of the best schools in the entire area , but importunely it lacks all basic facilities including clean drinking water , electricity and wash facility due to the apathy of the concerned authorities . The forgotten and neglected historical school building now presents a gloomy picture . It comprises over a dozen rooms and is in crumbling condition and pos serious threat to the students . The ceilings of the rooms are in a dilapidated condition and the walls have developed cracks as no repair and renovation have been done since long due to non-availably of funds .
The school administration has sent countless requests and reminders to the authorities concerned to address the problems but to no avail . Headmaster of the school Ghulam Jilani Gandapur says , the centuries-old school building is in a dilapidated condition , it is situated in a low-laying area having no drainage system . “ In rainy days , the rain water accumulated in the yard and turned it into a lake that creates problems for both students and teachers and affects the classes ” .
Moreover they say , the classrooms are overcrowded and already have two to three times more students than the capacity . Shortage of classrooms has forced the children to study while sitting in veranda or the courtyard in chilly cold and sizzling heat . Majority of the students are compelled to sit on the bare floor . Therefore , accommodating the newly-enrolled children is not only difficult but also impossible here .
Suffocation in classroom is intolerable but the teacher and students have no other option but to stay in . Jilani says , the students in school are consuming contaminated water as the school does not have a proper water supply system .
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump signed an executive order to give the green light to a potential investigation into unfair Chinese trade practices , including the theft of intellectual property , in a move that may eventually lead to tariffs on some imports .
“ We will combat the counterfeiting and piracy that destroys American jobs , ” Trump said in brief remarks at the White House .
The move is being watched closely by the entertainment industry . Trump 's focus on intellectual property has been on the theft of technology and software , and they did not specifically mention piracy of movies and TV shows .
But there are some fears at the studio level that a deteriorating U.S. trade relationship with China could ultimately hinder efforts to expand theatrical releases in the massive market , among other moves .
In Beijing , the official state run newspaper , China Daily , said that the move was a “ rash ” decision .
“ Instead of advancing the United States ' interests , politicizing trade will only acerbate the country 's economic woes , and poison the overall China-U.S. relationship , ” the newspaper said .
The paper also objected to Trump connecting Chinese trade practices with its cooperation in trying to put pressure on North Korea as it pursues its nuclear ambitions .
In the executive order , U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer will examine whether an investigation is warranted , and then will have the authority to pursue one .
“ This is just the beginning . I want to tell you that , ” Trump said .
Sprint adds new calling feature to its version of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ .
Sprint has released an over-the-air ( OTA ) update for its version of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ . In addition to the usual round of bug fixes and security improvements ( not that those are n't important ) , the company also took the time to add its new `` Calling Plus '' feature .
The feature allows users to use voice and data at the same time , no matter if the user is on LTE or calling over Wi-Fi . The previous `` WiFi Calling '' feature has now been rolled in as well . From Sprint :
Calling PLUS combines two features : one old and one brand new ! WiFi calling - our VoIP calling feature that lets you make and receive calls over WiFi [ sic ] Voice and text on the Sprint LTE network , allowing simultaneous voice and data Calling PLUS is delivered to your device by software update . Once your device has received the software , set up is easy ! On the phone , select Settings > Calling PLUS . Slide Calling PLUS to On . Customer can view Tutorial pages to learn more information about the service . View pre-populated address . If the Country field says Non-USA , Select the Country and choose USA . Enter a USA address manually . If address is not shown or is incorrect , enter the address manually . Address must be within the USA . Select Save . Your phone will validate the address required for E911 service and completes the enablement of Calling PLUS . 6.Select Calling PLUS options to enable each feature : Wi-Fi Calling is On by default . LTE Calling is optional but recommended allowing both Simultaneous Voice and Data and call handoffs between Wi-Fi Calling and LTE Calling . Call handoffs will go from Wi-Fi to LTE even if the LTE Calling switch is Off . LTE Calls require the Wi-Fi Calling switch to be turned On for a handoff to Wi-Fi . That 's it ! Your phone is now enabled for Calling PLUS . You can call anyone using Calling PLUS , the person or party that you 're calling does not need to have Calling PLUS in order for it to work .
Sprint has also added the Calling Plus feature to the LG Stylo 3 and the Samsung J7 Perx .
Has your phone received this update yet ? Let us know down below !
MOSCOW — The Latest at the World Cup ( all times local ) :
3:03 p.m .
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena .
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday . The four were released a few hours later .
Lika Petrovskaya , a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest , said their goal was `` to attract attention to the political repressions , '' including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov . Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov 's release .
Sentsov , a vocal opponent of Russia 's annexation of Crimea , was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts . They denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May .
___
2:43 p.m .
After impressing at the World Cup , Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag .
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers ' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander `` has n't gone unnoticed . '' Halldorsson 's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina .
VILLANOVA , Pa. -- Villanova will begin a comprehensive $ 60 million renovation of the Pavilion , with the work beginning in June .
Upon completion the 31-year-old on-campus facility will officially be named the Finneran Pavilion .
There are still several matters yet to be finalized , including season-ticketing options , the final design and the full schedule for the 2017-18 season .
Although the full schedule has yet to be confirmed , the majority of the men 's home games will be played in Philadelphia 's Wells Fargo Center and the women 's home games will be held on campus in the Jake Nevin Field House .
Harvey Weinstein , the larger-than-life Hollywood executive and Oscar-winner , is taking a leave of absence from their own company after an explosive expose revealing decades of sexual harassment against women , from employees to actor Ashley Judd , was published in The New York Times Thursday .
The article includes first person accounts of Weinstein 's alleged conduct , including from Judd , who recounts an incident from two decades ago in which they said they were asked to meet Weinstein in their hotel room . Weinstein greeted them wearing a bathrobe and asked if they could give them a massage or if they would watch them shower , the paper reported .
“ Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time , and it 's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly , ” Judd told the Times .
Two unnamed company officials tell the Times that at least eight women have received settlements from Weinstein over the years , including actor Rose McGowan , who allegedly had an incident with them in 1997 when they were 23 .
Other stories include similar accounts of Weinstein coercing young women into giving them massages , while naked , or watching them shower , and promising career advancement in return . These incidents were all said to have happened in hotel rooms .
Weinstein 's attorney Charles J . Harder said in a statement that the story is “ saturated with false and defamatory statements about Harvey Weinstein . ”
“ We sent the Times the facts and evidence , but they ignored it and rushed to publish , ” Harder said . They did not respond to questions about what specific allegations Weinstein was contesting .
Harder represented Hulk Hogan in their successful defamation suit against the now-defunct website Gawker .
“ We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting , ” said a New York Times spokesperson in a statement . “ Mr . Weinstein was aware and able to respond to specific allegations in our story before publication . In fact , we published their response in full . ”
Weinstein also gave an interview to The New York Post on Thursday afternoon echoing Harder 's statements and calling the Times ' reporting “ reckless. ” They accused the paper of having a “ vendetta ” against him .
Weinstein did not specify which allegations they thought false .
Requests for comment from The Weinstein Co. and Judd were not immediately returned .
Weinstein , 65 , had a powerful perch in Hollywood for three decades , and was known for producing films like “ Pulp Fiction ” and “ Shakespeare in Love , ” for which they won an Oscar . They have also launched the careers of numerous actores and directors and executed extremely successful Oscar campaigns with their company Miramax , which they ran with their brother Bob Weinstein . They are also an executive producer of the hit reality series “ Project Runway . ”
In 2005 , the Weinstein brothers launched a new production company , The Weinstein Co . Known for their angry outbursts , their often aggressive tactics were chronicled in the Peter Biskind book “ Down and Dirty Pictures . ”
They also executive produced five best picture winners , including “ The English Patient , ” ” Chicago , ” ” The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King , ” ” The King 's Speech , ” and “ The Artist , ” and garnered many nominations for their films and actors .
“ I appreciate the way I 've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain , and I sincerely apologize for it , ” Weinstein said in a statement . “ Though I 'm trying to do better , I know I have a long way to go . ”
Their statement did not address any specific incidents .
Weinstein has been married to designer Georgina Chapman since 2007 , they have two children together . They have three children from their previous marriage .
In Weinstein 's lengthy statement , in which they quote a Jay-Z lyric about being a better man for their children , they reference coming of age in the 1960s and '70s when , “ all the rules about behavior and workplaces were different . ”
“ I want a second chance in the community but I know I 've got work to do to earn it , ” they wrote .
Weinstein quickly became a trending topic on Twitter . Lena Dunham wrote that the women , “ who chose to speak about their experience of harassment by Harvey Weinstein deserve our awe . It 's not fun or easy . It 's brave . ”
McGowan , who has spoken out in the past about rape and harassment issues , also tweeted Thursday . They did not name anyone , but said that “ anyone who does business with ( blank space ) is complicit . ”
“ Women fight on . And to the men out there , stand up . We need you as allies , ” they wrote .
The Weinstein Company has in recent years suffered from a string of executive exits , mounting lawsuits and increasingly hectic distribution decisions .
In 2016 , the company did n't receive a best-picture nomination for the first time since 2008 . Weinstein returned to the category with “ Lion ” at this year 's Oscars , but their preeminence as an Academy Awards heavyweight has undeniably waned .
Steven Spielberg said they had a lot of opinions about the sexual harassment allegations made against Harvey Weinstein , but they did not feel the red carpet was the right place to discuss them . The famed director attended Thursday 's premiere of the HBO documentary “ Spielberg ” at the New York Film Festival .
Money problems have plagued the company intermittently since 2009 , when it entered bankruptcy . But last year , The Weinstein Company continually shuffled release dates and delayed films amid reports that it was too cash-strapped to put a full slate of films into theaters . Some 50 staffers were let go last year .
Movies like “ The Founder ” and “ Tulip Fever ” were juggled over numerous release date shifts . After “ The Founder , ” with Michael Keaton , was released in January along with the Matthew McConaughey-led “ Gold , ” the co-financier of “ The Founder , ” FilmNation , sued The Weinstein Company for $ 15 million , alleging Weinstein violated the non-compete clause of their agreement .
The Weinstein Company had a modest hit this summer with the acclaimed thriller “ Wind River. ” The $ 11 million film has made $ 33 million . But the company 's fall season awards hopeful “ The Current War , ” with Benedict Cumberbatch , premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival to withering reviews .
500 Startups has announced the close of its fund for Japan , more than 18 months after it was first unveiled . The effort is backed by the Japanese government , which has chipped in as an LP via its Cool Japan Fund . ( Yes , that really is the name of the fund , which is aiming to use about $ 1 billion in public money over its lifecycle . )
Initially U.S.-based 500 Startups targeted a $ 30 million close , but it has reached a total of $ 35 million thanks to strong interest from investment partners , so says James Riney , its Japan-based partner who runs the fund . CJF , as the government fund is known , is committing $ 10 million , but beyond a large check it adds gravitas , too .
“ [ Cool Japan 's involvement ] is symbolic in a way because there been a lot of top-down influence in the startup ecosystem in Japan , ” Riney told TechCrunch in an interview . “ As an outsider coming in , having the government 's investment is a validation . ”
In particular , Riney said that 500 Startups will work with CJF to open up opportunities for its portfolio companies further down the line : that chiefly means funding .
“ We 'll be sourcing and supporting startups at the seed stage , and inviting CJF to look at later $ 10 million- $ 20 millions rounds to give startups the firing power to expand , ” Riney said .
“ CJF has capital to invest outside of Japan but does n't necessary have the network . We 've been extremely aggressive expanding outside of the U.S. , ” they added . “ No matter where they want to expand to , we have someone locally who is well connected to help them hit the ground running . ”
Other investors in the fund include camera-maker Nikon , Meizhou Bank , Mitsubishi Estate and Japanese social network Mixi .
The 500 Startups Japan fund is looking to co-invest in early-stage deals , offering $ 100,000- $ 500,000 checks per round . In some cases , it may stretch to $ 1 million , Riney said , while around half of the total fund is allocated to follow-on investments . Over the past year , the fund has done 21 deals , and that 's a pace that it is expected to continue with now that the fund is fully closed .
The 500 Startups Japan team
While CPF 's involvement is particularly strategic — and headline-worthy — 500 Startups does n't need much help to find partners who operate at later stage investment phases . The U.S. firm has struck up relationships worldwide after making investments in more than 1,500 startups across 60 countries , while , operationally , it has people on the ground in 20 countries .
LPs in its central fund include corporates in places like East Asia and the Middle East , and its sprawling collection of micro-funds for specific makets is too numerous to detail in full . In Asia they include 500 Durians in Southeast Asia , 500 Tuktuks in Thailand , 500 Kimchis in Korea and a less-catchy-named investment vehicle in Vietnam . Riney , for what it 's worth , said they chose ‘ 500 Startups Japan ' as a more conservative fund name to adhere to Japanese business culture and avoid alienating potential investors .
Despite a nod to the nation 's conservatism , Riney said that startups are beginning to break out in Japan . Our sister site in Japan reported that startup investment in the country 's surpassed JPY 200 billion ( around $ 2 billion ) for the first time last year . Riney believes that the ambition to take risk is also changing the mindset of founders and investors , who in the past would push for an exit via IPO as a risk-averse way to ensure a return on investment .
“ Historically if you wanted to do a $ 20 million- $ 30 million round you did n't have options and had to do IPO , ” they explained . “ Now we 're seeing many more later rounds , more companies choosing to stay private and raise a lot more capital so that they can aim for growth — investors are starting to feel more comfortable , too . ”
“ The Japanese government has gotten more involved in supporting and it has really shown in the investment outlay , ” Riney added .
With relatively few investors , and fewer still with links outside of Japan , 500 Startups has a unique position that will likely help it secure significant deal flow . The investment focus is vertical agnostic , Riney said , but he 's keen on industries such as bioinformatics , space , logistics and other areas that have been disrupted globally but not touched on by startups in Japan yet .
“ We 're particularly bullish on legacy industries that have been very consumer facing , ” they said .
Riney is assisted by a team of five in Japan , which includes former investment banker Yohei Sawayama who serves as the fund 's second partner .
Particle brings an LTE cellular model to market for networked devices working off of 2G and 3G
Particle , a developer of networking hardware and software for connected devices , has released an LTE-enabled module for product developers .
The new device specifically targets folks whose devices were reliant on retiring 2G and 3G networks , according to the company , and includes built-in cloud and SIM support .
Even as big telecom companies and vendors move ahead with 4G and now 5G networking equipment , those technologies are n't necessarily the best for most networked devices , according to Particle .
LTE hardware is cheaper and has better battery life and ranges that are more appropriate for industrial devices that may need to communicate across distances or through obstacles ( like walls , other machines , doors or floors ) .
Particularly , Particle sees demand for its devices in hard-to-reach or widely dispersed sensor networks — like industrial factory floors or in an agricultural monitoring setting for a farm or field .
“ As US carriers are quickly moving to end 2G and 3G support , and global carriers plan for LTE network rollouts , the timing for an LTE strategy is more critical than ever , ” according to a statement Bill Kramer , EVP of IoT Solutions at KORE , which provides managed IoT networks , application enablement , location-based services .
The new LTE product is part of a suite of offerings from Particle — including a device cloud , operating system and developer toolkit , the company said .
By providing a pre-integrated solution , Particle said that its hardware represents a faster , far less complicated path to market .
“ We launched our cellular development kit , the Electron , to give our developer community access to the power of cellular , ” said Zach Supalla , co-founder and CEO of Particle , in a statement . “ The following industrial E Series line made go-to-market with 2G/3G scalable for enterprises . Now with our LTE module , businesses will evolve alongside the quickly-changing cellular landscape without missing a beat . ”
Particle 's new lineup now includes two LTE CAT-M1 models ( LTE B13 and LTE B2/4/5/12 ) and is fully certified , low profile , surface mountable for industrial environments and powered by Qualcomm 's MDM9206 IoT Modem and u-blox 's Sara-R410-02B module .
The new LTE hardware evaluation kit ships for $ 89 with an evaluation board , a sample temperature sensor and accessories to build out a proof of concept , the company said . Individual modules are priced at $ 69 .
Particle counts 8,500 customers and more than 140,000 developers among its customers building networking technologies for consumer and industrial devices . The company says its customers range from global energy provider Engie and design studio Ideo to indoor crops provider Grow Labs and coffee pioneer Keurig .
William Ray “ Bill ” Hearn , chairperson and CEO of the Capitol Christian Music Group , passed away Sunday in Nashville after a battle with cancer . They were 58 .
Hearn played a huge role in CCMG 's formation following the sale of their family 's Sparrow Records — which was founded by their father , Billy Ray Hearn — to EMI Music in 1992 . Through several acquisitions , Hearn evolved Sparrow into EMI Christian Music Group , to which they were appointed CEO in 1996 ; it was renamed Capitol Christian Music Group 2013 following EMI 's sale to Universal Music Group in 2012 .
Over the past two decades , Hearn grew CCMG into the world 's leading Christian Music company and market leader in recorded music and music publishing , with divisions that include CCMG Label Group ( Sparrow Records , ForeFront Records , sixstepsrecords , Hillsong , Jesus Culture ) , Motown Gospel and CCMG Publishing ( including Brentwood-Benson Music Publications ) . The labels include artists such as Chris Tomlin , Amy Grant , TobyMac , Tasha Cobbs , Jeremy Camp , Hillsong United , Matt Redman , Mandisa and others , while CCMG Publishing includes many of the labels ' artists as well as Ben Glover , David Garcia , Kirk Franklin , Mark Hall , Brenton Brown and more .
Sir Lucian Grainge , Chairman and CEO of Universal Music Group , said , “ Bill Hearn led Capitol Christian Music Group like the family business it is : with their unique passionate and mission-driven leadership . Anyone who has walked through the doors there knows that it overflows with a special spirit that emanated from Bill himself . That spirit and the people of CCMG are among Bill 's great legacies . We are privileged to have known Bill , and especially blessed to call them a colleague and friend . ”
Capitol Music Group ( CMG ) Chairman Steve Barnett said , “ The Capitol Music Group family has lost one of its most valued members . We are all extremely saddened at the news of Bill 's passing , and extend our deepest condolences to their family and loved ones . Bill was more than a colleague ; they were a friend to all of us and a dedicated leader and mentor for so many within our company . Their remarkable accomplishments and contributions to music will forever remain an important part of CMG 's legacy , and , most important , we will forever remember their generous spirit and sense of humanity in our hearts . ”
Universal Music Publishing Group ( UMPG ) Chairman & CEO Jody Gerson stated , “ We are so fortunate to have spent the past few years becoming close with Bill . A wonderful partner to UMPG , their ability to run their company was second to none and they did it with the utmost integrity and skill . Above all else , Bill will be remembered as a tremendous human being and friend to everyone that knew him . Our thoughts are with their loved ones and all of the CCMG family . ”
Hearn received the TJ Martell Foundation 's Frances Preston Lifetime Music Industry Achievement Award in 2015 for their contribution to the music industry ; they had previously been the foundation 's National Chairman and a National Board and Executive Committee Member . They won Grammy Awards in 1995 and 2006 for their role as compilation producer for “ Amazing Grace , A Country Salute to Gospel ” and “ Oh Happy Day : A Gospel Music Celebration , ” respectively . They were honored with The Recording Academy 's President 's Merit Award in 2006 . They served as President of the Gospel Music Trust Fund , was a past National Trustee , Nashville chapter Vice President and board member of The Recording Academy .
Hearn is survived by their wife , Charmion Gustke Hearn , and two sisters .
Monday , August 14 , 2017 at 1:27 pm |
In this artist 's rendering , James Alex Fields Jr. is seen via video link from jail as they appear before Judge Robert Downer , at their bail hearing at the Charlottesville City Court on Monday . ( Reuters/William Hennessy Jr . )
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. ( AP ) - James Alex Fields Jr. , the Ohio man accused of ramming their car into a crowd of protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia , will remain in jail — at least until they have an attorney .
Judge Robert Downer declined to set bond at a hearing Monday for James Alex Fields Jr. , who faces second-degree murder and other charges , until they have legal representation .
The judge says the public defenders ' office informed them it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday 's protest . Downer said Charles Weber , a local attorney , will be appointed to represent the 20-year-old Fields .
The next scheduled court hearing is Aug. 25 , though Fields ' attorney could request a bond hearing before then .
Fields was not physically present in the courtroom but appeared via a video monitor . They were seated and wearing a black and white striped uniform . They answered questions from the judge with simple responses of “ Yes , sir ” when asked if they understood the judge .
They told the judge , “ No , sir , ” when asked if they had ties to the community of Charlottesville .
Fields is charged in the death of Heather Heyer , 32 , of Charlottesville . They died when Fields allegedly slammed their car amid a crowd of people protesting the white nationalist rally Saturday . Fields was arrested shortly after and has been in custody ever since .
Fields was fascinated with Nazism , idolized Adolf Hitler , and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for their “ deeply held , radical ” convictions on race , a former high school teacher said Sunday . They also confided that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when they were younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication , Derek Weimer said in an interview with The Associated Press .
In high school , Fields was an “ average ” student , but with a keen interest in military history , Hitler , and Nazi Germany , said Weimer , who said they were Fields ' social studies teacher at Randall K. Cooper high school in Union , Kentucky , in Fields ' junior and senior years .
“ Once you talked to James for a while , you would start to see that sympathy towards Nazism , that idolization of Hitler , that belief in white supremacy , ” Weimer said . “ It would start to creep out . ”
Police say Fields drove their silver Dodge Challenger through a crowd of protesters in Charlottesville , killing Heyer and wounding 19 other people . A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale police response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town , and both troopers on board died .
Fields had been photographed hours earlier carrying the emblem of Vanguard America , one of the hate groups that organized the “ take America back ” campaign in protest of the removal of a Confederate statue . The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect , even as a separate hate group that organized Saturday 's rally pledged on social media to organize future events that would be “ bigger than Charlottesville . ”
The mayor of Charlottesville , political leaders of all political stripes , and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies , vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups . They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations , some of which specifically cited Trump 's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs . Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash .
Weimer recalled that school officials had singled out Fields when they were in 9th grade for their political beliefs and “ deeply held , radical ” convictions on race and Nazism .
“ It was a known issue , ” they said .
Weimer said Fields left school for a while , and when they came back they were quieter about politics until their senior year , when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race . Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what they believed to be Trump 's views on race . Trump 's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields , Weimer said . Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess , they said , though they never spoke about slavery .
As a senior , Fields wanted to join the army ; and Weimer , a former officer in the Ohio National Guard , guided them through the process of applying , they said , believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help them dispel their white supremacist views . But Fields was ultimately turned down , which was a big blow , Weimer said . Weimer said they lost contact with Fields after they graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the army .
“ The Army can confirm that James Alex Fields reported for basic military training in August of 2015 , ” said Army spokesperson Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson . “ He was , however , released from active duty due to a failure to meet training standards in December of 2015 , ” they said .
Fields ' mother , Samantha Bloom , told the AP late Saturday that they knew their son was going to Virginia for a political rally , but they had no idea it involved white supremacists .
“ I just told them to be careful , ” they said , adding that they warned them that if there were protests “ to make sure he 's doing it peacefully . ”
Facebook is facing backlash after a Cleveland man uploaded a video of themselves shooting someone to the social network , and followed it with a Live video confessing to the murder . The slaying and its subsequent distribution across Facebook has raised questions about how the company moderates violent content .
Justin Osofsky , Facebook 's vice president of global operations , released a statement and timeline of the events and videos surrounding the incident .
Osofsky 's statements hand off the responsibility for policing content on Facebook to its users , although they acknowledged the company can do better at moderation . They say artificial intelligence and new policies governing how videos are shared could present solutions to the issue , and that Facebook will try to speed up its current review process .
“ As a result of this terrible series of events , we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible . In this case , we did not receive a report about the first video , and we only received a report about the second video — containing the shooting — more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted . We received reports about the third video , containing the man 's live confession , only after it had ended , ” Osofsky wrote .
11:09AM PDT — First video , of intent to murder , uploaded . Not reported to Facebook .
11:11AM PDT — Second video , of shooting , uploaded .
11:22AM PDT — Suspect confesses to murder while using Live , is live for 5 minutes .
11:27AM PDT — Live ends , and Live video is first reported shortly after .
12:59PM PDT — Video of shooting is first reported .
1:22PM PDT — Suspect 's account disabled ; all videos no longer visible to public .
The timeline demonstrates the failures of Facebook 's moderation system , which relies on user reports to flag controversial or violent content . While the Live video of the man 's confession was quickly reported by another user , the video of the killing itself went unreported and therefore remained online for nearly two hours .
“ Artificial intelligence , for example , plays an important part in this work , helping us prevent the videos from being reshared in their entirety . ( People are still able to share portions of the videos in order to condemn them or for public awareness , as many news outlets are doing in reporting the story online and on television ) , ” Osofsky said .
Even with advances in artificial intelligence , it 's not clear that Facebook can prevent Live from being used to broadcast violence . The livestreaming service has already been used to share videos of shootings , torture , and sexual assault . And while users are angry at Facebook for allowing the Cleveland killing to be livestreamed , users were also outraged when a “ technical glitch ” caused the removal of video documenting the police murder of Philando Castile . Osofsky says that the Cleveland videos “ goes against our policies and everything we stand for , ” but there are times when users will expect Facebook to preserve violent videos because they have political importance . It 's a delicate balance , and one that is n't likely to be solved by AI alone .
“ Facebook is n't going to stop a murder . And I do n't care how good the AI gets , it 's unlikely any time soon to say ‘ hey , that video is some person killing another person , do n't stream that . ' ” Mike Masnick noted on Techdirt . “ Yes , senseless murders and violence lead people to go searching for answers , but sometimes there are no answers . And demanding answers from a random tool that was peripherally used connected to the senseless violence does n't seem helpful at all . ”
Featured Image : Getty Images/Miha9000/iStock ( modified by TechCrunch )
A social media app gaining popularity among teens and preteens is causing concern among parents .
Mappen is a location sharing social media app . It shares users location and allows friends to see where they are and what they are doing .
`` Mappen is n't that much different from what we 've seen . I think one of the big differences with it is that it is targeting kids , '' tech expert Luke Wood said .
The app asks to track location in the background when not using the app . Many other apps , including Find My iPhone have similar functions , but Wood says the social element of Mappen is what makes it potentially dangerous .
`` They 're pushing it as a social think . 'Know where your friends are and what they 're doing . Know what cool things are happening . Know what 's going on , ' while it 's more or less the wild west out there , '' Wood said . `` Anybody can send a friend request to anybody and voila , you 're sharing your location data with who knows . ''
In the App Store , Mappen has an age rating of 4+ , but in the app 's privacy policy the app states :
`` Our Services are no intended for children under the age of 13 , and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from such children . Children under the age of 13 should not use our Services at any time . ''
Wood says like many tech companies , the company that developed Mappen makes money by selling user generated data to third party companies .
`` They 're basically selling your data to third party companies - and I mean everything , '' Wood said . `` Like your name , your birthday , your location data from where its tracking , your likes , your dislikes , the places you go on the internet , your friends - it will ask you to sync with your contacts and it will mine that data as well .
Wood says Mappen is just like many other apps in that it wants to collect data so that it can sell it . However , they say they would not let their 13-year-old child have the app on their device .
Wood suggests that parents monitor what apps their children use and know what unintended side effects they may bring .
10News has reached out to Mappen 's developer for comment , but no representatives from the company have responded .
© 2018 WBIR
PanARMENIAN.Net - Russia said on Wednesday , Feb. 15 it would not hand back Crimea to Ukraine or discuss the matter with foreign partners after the White House said U.S. President Donald Trump expected the annexed Black Sea peninsula to be returned , Reuters reports .
Moscow says an overwhelming majority of Crimeans voted to become part of Russia in a 2014 referendum wanting protection from what the Kremlin cast as an illegal coup in Kiev .
Ukraine says the referendum was a sham held at gunpoint after Russian troops illegally annexed the peninsula , that Russia-friendly president Viktor Yanukovych was ousted by people power , and that Moscow should return Crimea .
`` We do n't give back our own territory . Crimea is territory belonging to the Russian Federation , '' Maria Zakharova , spokesperson for the Russian Foreign Ministry , told a news briefing on Wednesday .
The 2014 annexation prompted the United States and the European Union to impose sanctions on Russia , plunging Western relations with the Kremlin to their worst level since the Cold War .
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said on Tuesday that Trump expected and wanted to get along with Russia , but was expecting Moscow to hand Crimea back .
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov , when asked about Spicer 's comments , said President Vladimir Putin had already explained why Crimeans had turned to Russia .
`` The theme of returning Crimea will not be discussed ... Russia does not discuss its territorial integrity with foreign partners , '' Peskov told a conference call with reporters .
Trump had not raised the Crimean issue in a Jan. 28 phone call with Putin , Peskov noted , saying the Kremlin would try to make contacts with the Trump administration to try to improve ties which they said were in `` a lamentable state . ''
Vyacheslav Volodin , speaker of the State Duma , the lower house of parliament , told MPs any talk of Crimea 's status amounted to a challenge to Russia 's territorial integrity .
Volodin , a close Putin ally , told the Interfax news agency Trump had promised in their election campaign to work to improve relations with Russia .
`` Let 's wait for some first-hand words from the U.S. president , '' said Volodin . `` When people get elected by voters it 's not merely for warm words and the ability to speak , but for concrete promises ... that will be fulfilled . ''
ISLAMABAD , June 15 ( APP ) : Former Pakistan greats have heaped
praises on the current ODI skipper Sarfraz Ahmed for leading the
national team to a brilliant victory in the semifinal against the
tournament 's favourites England .
“ I think they have done brilliant captaincy in the semifinal . The
way they took decision to change a few players prior to the match and
the way they made bowling changes spot on was excellent , ” they told a
sports TV channel after Pakistan thrashed England by eight wickets
at Cardiff on Wednesday .
Misbah noted that in the semifinal Pakistan captain was ahead
of the game . “ Sarfraz was clear in their mind . They just won the toss
and said we will field first . Afterwards they ( Pakistan team )
executed their plans very well . The kind of performance they gave
was wonderful to watch . They were relaxed and played a perfect game
in the semifinal . That is what we were just looking for , ” they added .
They also appreciated the game awareness of left-handed opener
Fakhar Zaman , who is playing their debut tournament saying that they are
improving and the good thing about them was that they were learning theirs
mistakes . “ He wants to take on even the world 's top bowlers , ” they
said .
They said the management took a very good decision to
include Fakhar in the team adding that due to their batting the entire
Pakistan batting lineup would get a breathing space . “ If you give a
good start of thirty to forty runs to your team , then you make a
momentum and it becomes easier for other batsmen to score runs
throughout the innings , ” they added .
Former captain and wicketkeeper Rashid Latif praised Pakistan
team for pulling off a brilliant victory against England . “ The
credit goes to team management , coach Mickey Arthur and captain
Sarfraz Ahmed , ” they said while talking to a private news channel .
However ; they regretted that the selectors took too long to include
the highly talented opener Fakhar Zaman in national team .
Responding to a question , they said , “ The left-arm pacer Muhammad Amir
should be part of the team in the final if they get fully fit , whereas besides them there should be three more pacers in the team . ”
“ Hasan Ali lifted the team very well in the semifinal and they
will become a formidable bowler in the coming future , ” they said .
Former off-spinner Saqlain Mushtaq said the win was a result of the
prayers of the whole Pakistani nation . They said Sarfraz very aptly
utilized their bowlers in the semifinal .
“ This is the time to encourage our youngsters who have showed
tremendous performance , ” they said .
To a query they said they would prefer to drop Shadab Khan in the
final and include Muhammad Amir in the team .
Former Test cricketer Muhammad Wasim lauded the selection
committee for bringing-in new talented players .
“ I am very happy with the way Junaid Khan has performed . We
can also win matches without Amir , ” they said and added credit also
goes to bowling coach Azhar Mehmood .
They were of the view that the winning combination should not be
disturbed and Pakistan should go in the final with the same outfit
that beat England in the semifinal .
Meanwhile , Pakistan Women team captain Sana Mir while hailing
Pakistan men team 's performance in the semifinal said that Pakistan
performed well in bowling , fielding and batting .
“ This is a very convincing win , ” they said expressing the hope that in
the final Pakistan would once again produce a superb performance .
This article originally appeared in the July 2011 issue of Architectural Digest .
For some Manhattan couples living downtown , the arrival of children can spell the end of their love affair with urban life . Not so for Tracy and Nick Lehman . `` We found that the city actually got better with kids , '' says Nick , who , as president of digital for NBC Universal 's Entertainment and Digital Networks division , is in the vanguard of technology and media and is a regular , along with their wife and children , at the city 's many museums , art fairs , and cultural happenings . `` It was hard to imagine leaving . '' Still , a growing family has certain needs—space chief among them—and after the birth of a daughter ( now ten ) and a son ( now seven ) , not to mention the accumulation of a wide-ranging collection of contemporary art and design ( everything from a work by Gilbert & George to a Jeff Koons beach towel from Target that is mounted like a canvas ) , their 1,350-square-foot loft began to feel a little cramped . But moving from their Flatiron District building was never an appealing prospect for this family ; the best solution was expansion , and when the adjacent apartment became available , they seized their chance .
Wanting to combine the two units to create the kind of flexible living space that could be both a backdrop for art and a stage for their children 's active lives , the Lehmans turned to Katherine Chia of Desai/Chia Architecture in New York . Though they discovered them after an exhaustive Internet search , a brief phone conversation revealed that they were the same Katherine they knew as their downstairs neighbor—a bit of serendipity that would prove useful when it came to coordinating the 18-month renovation with the building . Chia had also worked for a time with the landscape artist and architect Maya Lin , so the Lehmans would be well served when it came to their goal of establishing a dialogue between the home 's structural design and their art collection . Case in point : the Dieter Rehm photograph that architect and clients agreed should hang at the end of the Lehmans ' prominent central passageway . The ornate Bavarian palace corridor captured in the piece gives the impression that the hall goes on forever—a quite intentional play on perspective .
Creating a composed , meditative home meant cutting down on clutter , which is no small achievement with two young children in residence . `` To live minimally you need ample , well-organized storage space , '' says Chia . Hence , shelves reach to the ceilings ( `` we use a lot of ladders , '' Tracy confesses ) , closets are slipped into what would otherwise be forgotten corners , and kitchen appliances can be tucked away inside illuminated cabinets . As for the kids ' toys , puzzles , paintings , and clothing sketches ( the daughter is a fashion designer in the making ) , these are relegated to a generously sized playroom that can be closed off with a set of opaque-glass doors when things get messy .
Bamboo floors and Corian—liberally used for countertops , sinks , even the dining table—add to the apartment 's cool , airy feel , but also underscore another key component of the design : durability . The Lehmans went so far as to cover all the furnishings in fabrics that can be quickly cleaned , so whether it 's the two living room sofas from Blu Dot or the dining chairs inherited from Nick 's great-aunt , all now dressed in synthetic leather , nothing is off-limits to children . The space that might be the setting for an elegant cocktail party is the same one where their son , a budding baseball star , can freely practice diving catches of pretend fly balls .
Perhaps nothing in the apartment is more emblematic of this laid-back attitude than the large organic-looking installation displayed across the living room 's main wall , a work composed of hundreds of interlocking plastic pieces created by the French industrial-design duo Ronan and Erwan Bouroullec . Assembled by the entire Lehman clan with the help of an artist friend , it has become a family project they encourage guests to reach out and interact with . `` If the kids are running around it sort of shakes , '' Nick says . `` People will go , Oh gosh , ' but if it fell down on the floor we 'd pick it back up and put it together in a different way . ''
Adds Tracy , `` Friends walk into the apartment with their children and immediately tell them , Do n't touch anything ! ' I say , Jump on the couch , run through the halls'—this place is all about usability and family . '' Such ease and openness is infectious . `` It takes about two minutes , '' Tracy says , `` and then there are kids racing everywhere . ''
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Devon O'Keefe of West Pittston paints a lion July 29 during the ScrantonMade Arts on the Square festival at Courthouse Square in Scranton . Writers who participated in the event praise the community 's support .
Security endangered
Editor : As a veteran I am concerned with the chaos our “ commander in tweets ” creates with their childlike tweets . How can our military put faith in them when they continually tweet out ridiculous accusations and false information and questions advice from their generals ? How can we believe what they say ?
Many tweets are designed to deflect criticism of them and move people 's thoughts in their direction . These diversionary tactics might work as the CEO of their company where they had absolute control , but it will not work with Congress and the media .
If President Donald Trump is to succeed and implement their policies , they need Congress and the media on their side . They will not succeed by proposing half-baked policies and insulting people and institutions that disagree with him . Executive orders do not stand the test of time . They are easily rescinded .
Trump believes all publicity , including negative publicity , is beneficial , but this does n't work when you are president .
They sow chaos , doubt and confusion in the minds of the American public , our military and the world and endangers the security of our country and our status in the world . Mr. President , please get normal .
DONALD MOSKOWITZ
LONDONDERRY ,
NEW HAMPSHIRE
ScrantonMade success
Editor : The fifth annual ScrantonMade Arts on the Square festival was a success due to the enthusiastic support of our local community , proving once again that Scranton and Northeast Pennsylvania support their own .
With vendors , art , music and food , thousands of people enjoyed spending the day in downtown Scranton . Many local businesses , including Backyard Alehouse , Duffy Accessories , NOTE Fragrances , On & On , AOS Metals and Electric City Escape chose to put up a tent and join in the festival . DaVinci 's Pizza opened up on a day that they are usually closed , pulling tables outside for diners to enjoy . It was a great day to celebrate our vibrant community .
We thank everyone who attended , our vendors and local businesses , local arts organizations , as well as the Lackawanna County commissioners and staff , Mayor Bill Courtright and staff and the Scranton Police Department for the ongoing support for this festival . This event is a partnership between Lackawanna County and ScrantonMade .
ScrantonMade represents a movement of artists , makers and creative entrepreneurs who work to brand Scranton as “ the city of arts and opportunity. ” As more young people see it that way , they are more likely to stay in the area and contribute their talents to reshaping our city . It 's an upward spiral . We hope to continue to grow this festival to bring in regional tourism where hotels are filled and people flock to Scranton to enjoy the arts , commerce and natural beauty of our region .
We are proud to be part of downtown Scranton 's revitalization .
CHRISSY MANUEL ,
CRISTIN POWERS
SCRANTONMADE ,
SCRANTON
ISLAMABAD , Aug 14 ( APP ) : President Mamnoon Hussain Monday said
the undeterred resolve of its people and security forces had brought
Pakistan closer to success which would beget stability and
prosperity , not only in the country but the whole region .
Addressing the participants of the Air Show organized by
Pakistan Air Force in connection with 70th Independence Day
celebrations of the country , the president said the whole Pakistani
nation was united as a strong force for country 's defense .
Chief of Air Staff Air Chief Marshal Sohail Aman , and Defense
Minister Khurram Dastgir also attended the show besides a huge
public gathering at Fatima Jinnah Park .
The president greeted the whole nation , the brave soldiers of
armed forces , particularly the Pakistan Air Force on Independence
Day .
The president viewed that after facing defeat in its tactics
of foreign aggression , the enemy started sponsoring terrorist
activities in different parts of the country . In this war too ,
Pakistani nation made the enemy bite the dust by sacrificing a lot
along with the country 's security forces .
They urged all sections of the society to forge unity to achieve
economic , defense , political and democratic stability so that no
force could impede the attainment of the national objectives .
The president said the secret behind nation 's defense and
economic prosperity lied in the national unity otherwise in case of
any disruption , all of the dreams would remain unfulfilled .
They said the Independence Day reminded us the historic struggle
and sacrifices and resolve to sacrifice anything for protecting
the homeland .
They highly lauded the skillful and highly professional display
or aerobatics by the pilots .
They said the most prominent feature of the Air Show was the air
display of JF-17 Thunder which was the masterpiece of Pak-China
friendship and manifestation of PAF 's efforts towards achieving
self-dependence in field of defense .
Lauding the PAF for serving remarkably for country 's defense ,
the president hoped the Force would keep up the spirit .
President Mamnoon said for being a haven for Muslims of the
sub continent , Pakistan had always been pinching the enemies that
was why the wars were imposed on the country repeatedly .
However , the brave people and the security forces of the
country fought back the enemy proving that neither internal nor
external threats could deter their resolve , they added .
Speaking on the occasion , Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman said the
long journey of the Pakistan Air Force , that began from very humble beginnings and was today able to manufacture it 's own aircraft , besides undertaking several new innovations .
They said the participation of Air Forces of Saudi Arabia and Turkey on
the joyous occasion of Pakistan 's 70th independence showed it 's close brotherly ties .
They said the Pakistani nation had a great potential in all spheres of
life anxieties can win more laurels for the country if they attain knowledge .
They said Pakistan has rendered numerous sacrifices in the fight against
terrorism and mentioned the almost 6500 martyrs of the armed forces and an equal number of those who lost a limb .
They lauded the sacrifices of the police and other civilian law enforcing
age vies and said these would not go waste .
Manama
Bahrain 's most senior Shia cleric Sheikh Isa Qassim has been taken to a private hospital in critical condition after weeks of suffering from deteriorating health . Sheikh Qassim 's family and the Bahrain Center for Human Rights group confirmed their hospitalization on Monday and said they were in “ critical condition . ”
They have been under house arrest for around 500 days amid daily protest gatherings in the northwestern village of Diraz which is besieged by regime forces . Bahrain 's leading political party al-Wefaq and rights bodies said the cleric , who is in their late 70s , was suffering from high blood pressure , diabetes , and heart disease .
Deputy Secretary-General of al-Wefaq Sheikh Hussein al-Daihi said the spiritual leader was taken from their home to a private hospital amid tight security measures . The cleric , known as the spiritual leader of the country 's Shia Muslim majority , has been hailed as a source of inspiration for their peaceful demonstrations against the ruling Al Khalifa regime .
New protests have been held in Bahrain against the ruling monarchy 's oppressive policies , especially its ill-treatment of a prominent Shia cleric.—Agencies
Maia Lumsden has won their first doubles title on the International Tennis Federation tour .
The 19-year-old , originally from Bearsden before moving to Lenzie , teamed up with Hungary 's Panna Udvardy to win the $ 15,000 Hammamet tournament in Tunisia .
They beat Fernando Briota ( Chile ) and Fanny Ostlund ( Sweden ) 6-4 5-7 [ 10-4 ] in the final .
Earlier this year Maia also won their first ITF seniors singles title at Wirral .
They also played singles in Hammamet , but lost out to Jelena Simic of Bosnia-Herzegovina 6-2 6-4 in the opening round ..
March 19 ( UPI ) -- Researchers in California have developed a retinal patch with stem cells to improve the vision of people with age-related macular degeneration .
In a clinical trial , researchers at the University of California Santa Barbara implanted the stem cell-derived ocular cells in two patients over the course of 12 months , publishing the results of the study Monday in the journal in Nature Biotechnology .
Macular degeneration , which affects the central , or reading , vision while leaving the surrounding vision normal , usually affects people over 50 years of age . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that 1.8 million Americans aged 40 years and older have AMD , and it 's the leading cause of permanent impairment of close-up vision among people aged 65 years and older .
People usually start with dry macular degeneration , which causes blurred or reduced central vision because of thinning of the macula . The dry condition , which accounts for 70 percent to 90 percent of all cases , can develop into the wet type , which is marked by abnormal blood vessels leaking fluid or blood into the region of the macula in the center of the retina .
Researchers hope the new procedure will help treat dry AMD before it progresses to the wet version .
In July 2015 , 86-year-old Douglas Waters developed the disease and struggled to see things , even up close .
The researchers implanted a retinal eyepatch , which is composed of retinal pigment epithelium cells derived from stem cells , at Moorfields Eye Hospital , a National Health Service facility in Waters ' hometown of London , England . They used microsurgical tools to implant the patch into the subretinal space of one eye .
After the surgery , they said they could read the newspaper with regular reading glasses and help their wife with gardening .
A woman in their early 60s with a severe form of wet AMD and declining vision also had a patch implanted , reporting the same kind of improvement -- they went from not being able to read at all to reading 60 to 80 words per minute with normal glasses .
`` This study represents real progress in regenerative medicine and opens the door on new treatment options for people with age-related macular degeneration , '' Peter Coffey , a professor at UCSB 's Neuroscience Research Institute and co-director of the campus 's Center for Stem Cell Biology & Engineering , said in a press release .
`` We hope this will lead to an affordable 'off-the-shelf ' therapy that could be made available to NHS patients within the next five years . ''
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ukip has been ordered to pay £175,000 in legal costs over a defamation case brought by three Labour MPs .
The cash-strapped party has just two weeks to pay the money to the Rotherham MPs Sir Keven Barron , John Healey and Sarah Champion .
The case relates to comments made by UKIP MEP Jane Collins in 2015 about the town 's child abuse scandal .
At an earlier High Court hearing it was ruled that the party took a “ deliberate , informed and calculated ” decision to ensure that the defamation action brought by Rotherham 's three Labour MPs against a Ukip MEP should not be settled before the 2015 General Election .
Ukip MEP ordered paying £282,000 after making false allegations about MPs ' knowledge of child sex abuse
( Image : PA )
The interim payment order by Justice Warby comes just days after Ukip 's leader Gerard Batten issued a plea for cash for the party .
In February 2017 Jane Collins , MEP for Yorkshire and North Lincolnshire , was ordered to pay £54,000 in damages to each MP over remarks they made about the town 's child abuse scandal .
In a joint statement the Labour MPs said : “ Ukip 's actions behind the scenes forced the costs of this case to soar and compounded the damage from Jane Collins ' unfounded and hurtful allegations .
“ This deliberate strategy hugely increased the legal costs and it is right that Ukip are today held liable for a large share of these costs
“ Ukip used the unfounded allegations by Jane Collins for political advantage .
“ At the highest level Ukip knew Jane Collins ' case was ‘ hopeless ' but blocked any settlement in our favour before the 2015 General Election because they believed it would win them votes . ”
In an indication of the parlous state of Ukip 's finances , earlier this month Mr Batten said the party had to raise £100,000 by the end of March .
They wrote to all local Ukip groups across the country to ask them divert any funds they have in their coffers to the central party “ purely for operational needs ” , the Sun reported .
They said that “ if we can not raise it then the future of the Party itself is in question ” .
HOUSTON -- Mookie Betts re-aggravated their left wrist during their eighth inning at-bat in Game 2 of the ALDS .
Rajai Davis replaced them in right field to start the bottom of the eighth . The Red Sox lost 8-2 to the Astros here at Minute Maid Park
`` It 's all right , '' they said . `` I had a little flare-up but it was n't nearly as bad as the first time . So everything will be all right . ''
Betts suffered left wrist inflammation Sept. 25 and missed two games .
`` It was just a swing and I 'm not exactly sure , '' Betts said . `` It happened so fast I 'm not exactly sure why or what makes it happen . It was just a little twist to my wrist and I guess from the contact of the ball and the way my swings is . So honestly I do n't really know . I just know certain pitches , certain swings trigger it . ''
They said he 'll be ready for Game 3 on Sunday at Fenway Park . The Red Sox face elimination down 2-0 in the best-of-five series .
`` Even if it was tomorrow , I could play tomorrow , '' Betts said . `` It 's just one of those things where it 's going to take time to heal . It ca n't get worse . Like I said , it 's going to take time to heal and we do n't have that kind of time right now . ''
A 24-year-old man living in Massachusetts is facing charges for launching an `` extensive , multi-faceted campaign of computer hacking and cyberstalking '' against their former roommate , officials said .
Authorities say Ryan S. Lin of Newton allegedly used fraudulent online profiles in the victim 's name -- including their photographs and home address -- and solicited rape fantasies , including `` gang bang '' and other sexual activities , according to a statement from the U.S. attorney 's office in Massachusetts .
Those posts led men to show up at the 24-year-old Massachusetts woman 's home , the statement read .
Lin is scheduled to make an initial appearance in federal court in Boston Friday for one count of cyberstalking .
`` This kind of behavior is not a prank , and it is n't harmless , '' said Harold H. Shaw , the special agent in charge of the FBI Boston Field Division . `` He allegedly scared innocent people , and disrupted their daily lives , because they were blinded by their obsession . No one should feel unsafe in their own home , school , or workplace , and the FBI and our law enforcement partners hope today 's arrest will deter others from engaging in similar criminal conduct . ''
The cyberstalking began in April 2016 and continued until Lin 's arrest Thursday night , the statement said .
Authorities say Lin hacked into the victim 's online accounts and stole their private photographs , personal identification information and `` private diary entries that contained highly sensitive details about their medical , psychological and sexual history . ''
Lin allegedly distributed those diary entries to hundreds of people , the statement said .
Authorities say Lin also reported falsely to law enforcement on multiple occasions that there were bombs at the victim 's Waltham residence , according to the statement .
They also are accused of creating a fake social media profile in the name of the victim 's roommate in Waltham and posted that they were going to `` shoot up '' a school in a nearby town .
Those threats were part of a larger pattern of threats against local schools and other institutions in the community , the statement said .
`` Mr. Lin allegedly carried out a relentless cyberstalking campaign against a young woman in a chilling effort to violate their privacy and threaten those around her , '' said Acting United States Attorney William D. Weinreb . `` While using anonymizing services and other online tools to avoid attribution , Mr. Lin harassed the victim , their family , friends , co-workers and roommates , and then targeted local schools and institutions in their community . Mr. Lin will now face the consequences of their crimes . ''
Axact CEO case
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
The Supreme Court on Monday observed that at this point it would be incorrect to say that there is no evidence of money laundering against Shoaib Sheikh — the CEO of controversial ‘ IT company ' Axact.The observation was made by Justice Asif Saeed Khosa while hearing Sheikh 's appeal regarding the rejection of their bail by Sindh High Court .
On February 26 , the Federal Investigation Authority ( FIA ) had arrested Sheikh after the SHC rejected their bail request and accepted the agency 's appeal against their earlier ac-quittal in a money laundering case .
During the hearing , Sheikh 's lawyer insisted that their client and the company were not involved in any money laundering .
Lahore
There is a need to promote Islamic banking in the society to avail benefits of Riba free economy .
Allama Umer Farooq Qudoosi said talking to APP here on Sunday .
They said that Islam has guided the humanity in each and every aspect of life and have laid down the general principles which could act as a guideline for the upcoming situations in any sphere of life .
They said that Interest or “ Riba ” is not allowed in Islam on any transaction and it is strongly condemned which is followed by serious consequences in the life and hereafter . “ In order to be in the manners prescribed in Islam , this feature should not be the part of any financial transaction that has long been in prevalence in our society in different forms and shapes ” , they said .
They said that Islamic Banking is a concept that is based on Sharia'ah principles and the structure is different than conventional banking from its essence , nature and spirit .
They said the interest based transactions helps the wealth to be accumulated in fewer hands in the society and the businesses or entrepreneurs are victimized .
This creates imbalance in the society by which the rich grows rich and the poor falls down the line , the situation may lead to chaos , they said . Through Islamic Banking one can meet financial need and requirements of the entrepreneurs , they added.—APP
Two men each charged with 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter , representing the three dozen people who perished in the 2016 Oakland , Calif. warehouse fire , pleaded no contest on Tuesday , in a deal letting them avoid trial and possibly lengthy prison terms .
Derick Almena , who managed the artists ' collective turned dance venue known as the Ghost Ship , agreed to a nine year sentence with an additional three years supervised release .
Max Harris , a tenant who assisted Almena in their duties as an illegal landlord , is expected to be sentenced to six years with four years supervised release .
But with time served , time spent behind bars may be much shorter , according to Almena 's attorney .
Almena would likely only spend three-and-a-half more years behind bars , defense attorney , Tony Serra , said in a news conference Tuesday .
`` So it 's not what I would call devastating , '' Serra said .
They added that Almena had entered the no contest plea not out of legal necessity or `` culpability '' but as `` a moral imperative to eliminate all of the trauma and pain and suffering that everyone who touches this case endures . ''
Almena themselves underlined that point in a jailhouse interview with KTVU , saying `` to sit through months of parents looking at burned remains of their children , it 's not even worth it . ''
David Gregory , whose daughter Michela Gregory was among the victims , said the sentences were not enough .
`` We just wanted some justice , '' Gregory said , adding they wished the defendants would have had to stand trial . `` Some questions could have been answered during trial . ''
Sami Kopelman , the mother of Edmond Lapine who also died in the blaze , told the East Bay Times they would have liked for Almena and Harris to each serve 36 years : one year for each life lost .
`` I do n't want my son 's life or those of the other victims , no matter what their circumstances were for being there , I do n't want the value of their lives to be lessened by a sweep aside , '' Kopelman said .
Last year , the Oakland Fire Department released a lengthy report detailing what happened on the night of Dec. 2 , 2016 , when a dance party ended with the building , a cluttered 9,880 sq . ft. warren with blocked windows , burning down .
Witnesses told investigators that before midnight , flames and thick smoke drove people to shout fire and run . But there was nowhere to go .
Party goers on the second floor could n't make it down the makeshift stairway .
`` ( T ) he walls of the hallways were assembled together from aggregates of salvaged and scavenged materials , such as pianos , organs , windows , wood benches , lumber , and innumerable other items stacked next to and on top of each other , '' the report said .
The building had no sprinklers , nor did it have an automatic fire detection system , according to investigators .
By the time firefighters arrived around 11:30 p.m. , smoke was already pouring out of the building .
They never were able to pinpoint the cause of the fire .
`` Defendants Almena and Harris knowingly created a fire trap with inadequate means of escape , filled it with human beings , '' Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley said last year when they announced their office was filing felony charges against the men .
On the night of the party , one of two exits was blocked , they said .
`` Almena 's and Harris ' actions were reckless , creating a high risk of death , '' O'Malley said .
The sentencing hearing is set for next month . At that time witnesses for the defense as well as the victims will have the opportunity to speak , Serra said .
`` It will be a very agonizing session , '' Serra said Tuesday , `` just as the plea session today was protracted . ''
Kopelman , told the East Bay Times that she , for one , does not expect to attend the hearing .
`` I do n't think I could bear to see those two men in person , '' they said .
Starting this year photo radar in Toronto school zones will identify speeding motorists who will then be mailed “ big fat tickets ” for putting lives at risk , Mayor John Tory vowed Monday . Tory made the pledge in Scarborough at a morning announcement of initiatives in a “ Slow Down Toronto ” campaign that comes amid a surge of pedestrian deaths on local streets . “ It is up to the people who drive cars in this city to take the first responsibility by changing their behaviour … They have to take first responsibility , ” and decide if the couple of minutes they might save speeding is worth the life of a child , the mayor told reporters .
Vote now
Premier Kathleen Wynne announced legislation in November 2016 , in reaction to a request from Tory , to allow municipalities to install safety cameras near schools to curb speeding and protect pedestrians and cyclists .
Article Continued Below
Tory said city and provincial officials are “ tied up in some sort of regulatory hurdles , ” but they are putting “ as much pressure as possible on the government of Ontario ” to get photo radar in Toronto school zones in 2018 . ( Opinion polls say Wynne has an uphill battle to win the June 7 provincial election . ) The mayor added that they would be happy for motorists to be mailed a simple notice that they broke the law , until actual fines can be levied using the technology . Toronto police will launch a blitz ending April 1 with officers “ paying special attention to drivers , pedestrians and cyclists who commit traffic violations that may jeopardize pedestrian safety in school zones. ” It will include educating and ticketing drivers , and sometimes towing vehicles , in response to speeding , distracted or aggressive driving . Other measures as part of the city 's “ Vision Zero ” plan to eliminate pedestrian and cyclist deaths include a one-year pilot project with new “ traffic-calming signs ” in the middle of roadways in a dozen school zones across the city , and acceleration of a plan to retrofit 80 schools with an eye to safety .
Toronto police Deputy Chief Peter Yuen told reporters many pedestrian deaths have happened in Scarborough because of wide roads with big gaps between crosswalks . The victims are often senior citizens or children . Motorists have killed a dozen Toronto pedestrians this year , including a woman who walked on provincially controlled Hwy . 401 . They also include Duncan Xu , 11 , hit and killed in late February while crossing Canongate Trail going home from Kennedy Public School in Scarborough . Hours after Tory spoke to reporters , a 3-year-old boy was rushed to hospital with serious injuries after a motorist struck them in at a crosswalk at Dundas St. E. and George St. Graham Larkin , executive director of Vision Zero Canada , said improved road design and the regulation of vehicles , not traditional safety blitzes that target pedestrians and cyclists as well as motorists , will reduce road carnage . “ It 's been almost two years since John Tory made their commitment to zero traffic deaths in five years , yet the rate of road violence continues to soar , ” Larkin wrote in an email . They added that bike lanes protected by flexible posts in school zones would slow traffic better and discourage illegal stops . “ Instead , the city 's measly safety budget is squandered on pointless education , scattershot enforcement and some rather vague promises of future design improvements . ”
Read more about :
ATHENS , Ohio — Cecil Williams scored a career-high 27 points and David DiLeo sank the winning free throws to lift Central Michigan to a 101-98 double-overtime win over Ohio on Saturday .
Tied up at 98 in the second extra period , DiLeo got their defender in the air on a pump fake with 0.9 seconds left and made all three free throws to clinch the win . Central Michigan ( 15-8 , 4-6 Mid-American Conference ) never led in regulation nor in the first overtime but stayed alive with a key bucket from Kevin McKay at the end of the second half to tie the score at 77 . Williams banked in a 3-pointer at the end of the first OT to tie it at 89 .
A pair of free throws from Williams early in the second overtime period gave Central Michigan its first lead of the game , 91-89 , and the teams knotted the score four more times over the next 3 1/2 minutes before DiLeo went 3 for 3 at the line to win it .
Shawn Roundtree added 22 points , Luke Meyer had 14 points , McKay scored 13 and DiLeo hauled in 14 rebounds to go with eight points for the Chippewas , who dominated at the free throw line , 31 of 36 to Ohio 's 16 for 31 .
Share this article :
0 votes
WWE posted this video of Sami Zayn and Becky Lynch out & about while in San Juan , Puerto Rico with the company this past week :
WWE Hall of Famer Jesse Ventura has signed a deal to host a new show on Russian government-funded network RT . “ The World According to Jesse ” signed a deal last fall for 32 episodes but has yet to film any . Filming will take place in Minnesota and the first episode is scheduled to air in the next month or so . Ventura told The Associated Press that they have personal assurances from Russian President Vladimir Putin that the show will not be censored .
Regarding the content for this new show , “ The Body ” said , “ It 'll be my viewpoint on what 's happening around the world . I want to do it . But , in some ways I was forced to do it . ”
Ventura talks more about why he 's doing the show and how losing health insurance led to them taking the offer at this link .
Triple H has announced that the WWE NXT Road Trip will continue in late July with shows in Milwaukee , Green Bay and Minneapolis . They tweeted the following :
As noted , John Cena recently filmed material for a campaign to end polio . Cena interviewed Bill Gates , who with their Gates Foundation has teamed with Rotary to pledge $ 450 million to end the disease . The interview aired on NBC 's “ Today ” show this morning . Cena tweeted the following :
Ready to take the stage at the @ Rotary General Session . Very excited to join the fight to # EndPolioNow ! pic.twitter.com/PZVE4YJUyv — John Cena ( @ JohnCena ) June 12 , 2017
I had the unique opportunity to sit down with @ BillGates about # EndPolioNow…see it tomorrow morning on @ TODAYshow . pic.twitter.com/XbhjpgjM3t — John Cena ( @ JohnCena ) June 12 , 2017
Follow Marc on Twitter at @ this_is_marc . Send any news , tips or corrections to us by clicking here .
Big News on a Crazy Brock Lesnar Feud , “ Broken ” Hardy Plans for WWE RAW Revealed , Vince McMahon Upset with WWE Newcomer , New GIFs & Galleries , More
Related
ISLAMABAD , Dec 11 ( APP ) : President SAARC Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( SCCI ) Suraj Vaidya Monday underscored Pakistan 's support for enhancement of trade , investment and business amongst the member countries of the SAARC region .
Prior to their departure to Nepal on the last leg of week-long visit to Pakistan , they also appreciated the positive approach that Pakistan has been following to strengthen regional cooperation under the SAARC process .
They said that its firm commitment of SAARC Chamber continue all out hectic efforts for further strengthening the role of SAARC in the region , says a press release issued here .
Suraj Vaidya accompanied by VP SAARC Pak chapter Iftikhar Ali Malik held fruitful and result oriented meeting with
Federal Minister for Commerce and Textile Muhammad Pervaiz Malik , who assured that in order to enhance regional trade ,
Pakistan is playing proactive role in activating two most important regional organizations South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( SAARC ) and Economic Cooperation Organization ( ECO ) .
They further said the minster told them that Pakistan is in process of consulting its stakeholders for preparing a separate shorter sensitive list for the least developed countries of SAARC .
They said that they had also met with Deputy Chairman Planning Commission Sartaj Aziz and share their lifelong expertise in
the field of planning of new development projects in the region . They said SAARC chamber will take full benefits of the experiences
of planning commission to launch new industrial joint ventures and development oriented projects .
Suraj said that South Asia is mired in several crisis and conflicts at the moment due to various unresolved political and geographical factors and all these issues would be resolved effectively through strong regional connectivity and business to business contacts .
They said law and order situation has been improved in Pakistan which is attracting foreign investment helpful enhancing trade activities in Pakistan that will lead regional trade cooperation among the member countries of South Asia .
Appreciating the role of China-Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC ) , they said South Asia could drive the benefits from
CPEC as it is an energy deficient region which can use Central Asia 's huge gas and oil resources to help address its energy
deficits .
Surej Vaidya further said the economic corridor will connect China to the world and will have a significant impact on the China , Pakistan and regional economies as its role in bringing prosperity to the region can not be ignored .
“ Social economic development is critical to convert challenges into opportunities in South Asia , ” adding they said the South Asia needs to connect with CPEC to derive benefits of the project which is spanned largely yielding investment and economic opportunities for South Asian nations which have potential and interest to gain from CPEC .
VP SAARC Chamber Iftikhar Ali Malik emphasized the need for expediting the process of trade liberalization in South
Asian region .
They said that cooperation in member states will help in promotion of trade and improving quality of life of people who accounted for 1/5th of the world 's population .
NEW YORK -- The Mets have hired two new public address announcers for Citi Field , including the first woman to hold the job and a grandson of late ABC broadcaster Howard Cosell .
Marysol Castro will start with Thursday night 's homestand opener against the Chicago Cubs , and Colin Cosell will debut Saturday night .
Alex Anthony was the announcer from 2002 to 2017 , making the move with the team from Shea Stadium to Citi Field . They were replaced on an interim basis at the start of this season by Rob Rush , who is also the announcer for the G League 's Long Island Nets .
Castro has worked at WPIX and News 12 The Bronx in New York and was a weather anchor on ABC 's `` Good Morning America '' for seven years .
Cosell won three Emmy Awards with MSG Varsity and is currently working freelance for Verizon FiOS1 Sports .
The Mets announced the hirings Wednesday . They become the team 's 12th and 13th ballpark announcers after Jack E. Lee ( 1962-August 1966 ) , Dan Reilly ( two 1966 homestands ) , Jack Lightcap ( 1966-70 ) , Loren Matthews ( 1970-76 ) , Jack Franchetti ( 1977-87 ) , Pete Larkin ( 1998-93 ) , Don and Doug Gould ( 1994 ) , Del DeMontreaux ( 1995-99 ) , Roger Luce ( 2000-03 ) and Anthony .
Latson Road Work Resumes This Weekend
May 30 , 2018
Road work this weekend will again force the closure of northbound Latson Road .
The pavement rehabilitation project on Latson Road between Golf Club Road and M-59 will resume at 8pm Friday , June 1st and last through 8am Saturday . It will then resume at 8pm Saturday and last through 9am Sunday , June 3rd . Traffic during the construction hours will be only allowed to travel southbound from M-59 and from the side streets and businesses along Latson Road . Officials say that provides more room for equipment , workers , and private vehicles during construction . Contractor personnel will be on site to direct traffic .
The traffic flow will be directed southbound only from M-59 to Golf Club Road . All northbound traffic will need to use a detour of either Gulley Road ( east of Latson ) or Eager Road ( west of Latson ) . Because extended delays are expected during the beginning of construction each night and at the end of work the following morning , motorists are encouraged to find alternate routes . Road Commission officials say the work is weather-dependent and will be pushed back 24 hours if necessary . ( JK )
CHICAGO — The Chicago White Sox have placed outfielder Avisail Garcia on the 10-day disabled list because of a strained right hamstring .
Garcia was hurt Monday night while running out a grounder in the second inning of a 10-4 victory over Seattle . They attempted to pull up a few steps short of first base then fell . They were assisted off the field and left the game .
White Sox manager Rick Renteria says the injury is considered `` mild to moderate '' and will be reassessed in a few days .
Garcia was an All-Star a year ago but is off to a sluggish start , hitting .233 with one homer and four RBIs in 18 games .
ISLAMABAD , Oct 6 ( APP ) : Pakistan is keen to develop cultural linkages with Cuba as cultures help people connect with each other to understand their diverse traits , values and traditions .
Marriyum Aurangzeb , Minister of State for Information ,
Broadcasting and National Heritage stated this in a meeting with Gabrel Tiel Capote , the Ambassador of Cuba who called on them here Friday .
They said Pakistan highly value its ties with Cuba and would like to further enhance cooperation in the field of information , art and culture .
The minister added that Pakistan would always remain indebted to the Cuban gesture of support during one of the most challenging phase of our history and stood at the forefront in providing relief efforts for the earthquake victims in 2005 .
They said bilateral relations between the two countries
were based on mutual trust and respect and emphasized the need to
further expand these ties to strengthen cultural bond to the benefit
of the people of both countries .
Gabrel Tiel Capote said Cuba desires to strengthen
bilateral relations with Pakistan and would also like to collaborate
in different areas mutually beneficial to each other .
They informed the minister of state about the visiting Cuban
cultural troupe comprising musicians , singers and dancers who would
exhibit their performance in various cities of Pakistan .
Marriyum Aurangzeb assured them full support and cooperation in
facilitating the cultural troupe and expressed Pakistan 's desire to
enter into arrangements to ensure regular exchange of delegations in
the field of art and culture .
Sulaiman said : “ As a member of Sharjah Golf and Shooting Club I am very excited to have the first Tour event here in Sharjah . To be able to have this opportunity to play in the qualifier is a wonderful thing . Golf is constantly growing in this region and the Sharjah golf course has the quality to host professional players from Europe . ”
Time is marching on — sometimes at an alarming rate — and we 're quickly approaching TechCrunch 's annual huge conference in San Francisco .
TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2017 is less than a month away at 48 Pier in San Francisco . This year 's lineup includes a stellar group of speakers , including Pinterest 's Ben Silbermann , Golden State Warriors superstar forward ( and also investor ) Kevin Durant , Forerunner Venture 's Kristen Green and Udacity co-founder Sebastian Thrun .
We 'll be tackling a lot of huge topics at Disrupt this year — a lot of which have exploded in just the past year or so . From the future of ICOs to AI bleeding into every piece of technology you touch , TechCrunch Disrupt SF features some of the best minds in the industry that spend their days neck-deep in the future of technology . We 'll also have the always awesome Startup Battlefield , where some of the best new companies compete . Early bird general admission tickets are still available for one of the best shows of the year .
Here 's a glimpse at some of the speakers that will be joining us :
Morphing a digital collage into a wildly successful home for inspiration
Ben Silbermann , CEO of Pinterest : Pinterest has gone from a simple collage app to one of the go-to apps for planning for the future . Slibermann went from an advertising product specialist at Google to founding one of the most fascinating new products that can drive a different kind of user behavior than you would find anywhere else on the Web , and it 's now worth more than $ 12 billion . That 's caught the eye of advertisers as a product that could offer some kind of unique customer base that has a totally different behavior than those on Facebook and Google . And it 's for good reason — people come to Pinterest to become inspired , to dig deep into topics ( like cars or weddings ) and then finally figure out what they want to do . And they go to Pinterest to get inspiration from things they might not have even realized they would find interesting .
Mapping out the human genome
Anne Wojcicki , CEO of 23andMe : With the hope of making the human genome searchable — just like the Internet — Wojcicki and their team founded 23andMe in 2006 . Them story is not only one of innovation and science , but also navigating the complex regulatory ecosystem . The company hit a major snag when the FDA blocked the company 's ability to basically do what it set out to do . Then four years later , 23andMe finally got the green light to once again start giving patients information about their genomes and the kinds of diseases they are at risk . It 's the tale of a lot of work over a long period of time for the startup that 's raised hundreds of millions of dollars .
Turning jaw-dropping home design photos into a massive business
Adi Tatarko and Alon Cohen , co-foudners of Houzz : If you have n't already opened Houzz , you 're in for quite the ride . While Houzz could just be a guilty pleasure for many , with its curated photos of interior ( and very lavish ) home designs , it 's also a massive business . Whenever you ask about Houzz , people in the valley would say they were quietly building their business — until the company announced its astounding $ 400 million financing round at a $ 4 billion valuation . Tatarko and Cohen have one of the quietest success stories in the Valley , and we 'll get to know a little more from the married co-founders .
A look at online education beyond the U.S .
Cindy Mi , VIPKID : You probably know about Udemy , Coursera and plenty of other online education courses . You might not have heard of Cindy Mi , whose longtime focus on teaching English has morphed into a $ 100 million startup . VIPKID connects Chinese students with native English speakers to help them pick up the language — especially as they look to work in an increasingly global economic environment . That platform has ballooned into one that has more than half a million students , all while navigating the complex market for online education abroad .
Be sure to stay tuned for more information about speakers , sessions and various entertaining and educational programs at TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2017 . See you in September !
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
UNITED KINGDOM 12.11.2017 Courtesy Video Natochannel
On any NATO mission throughout the world , the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps is ready to deploy . It 's comprised of 1,600 troops from 23 nations and has the ability to lead up to 160,000 soldiers on the ground . Annual exercise ARRCADE FUSION tests their readiness .
Just hearing the words `` Idris Elba '' can send a shiver down most spines , but the hunky British actor also happens to have a chiseled physique , a charming accent , and an impressive singing voice on top of possessing one of the sexiest stares you 've ever seen . There are plenty more reasons you 've fallen in love with Idris , but today we 're highlighting all the times their eyes penetrated your soul . Seriously , looking at them is sort of like staring into the sun .
WATERLOO — Fear of harassment with limited support for the assertion is n't a good enough reason to keep the names of those fighting a proposed Muslim centre on Erbsville Road confidential .
In a decision handed down Feb. 26 , the Ontario Municipal Board ordered the Waterloo West Community Association ( WWCA ) to provide a complete list of the names and addresses of its current and former members to the other parties in the matter , which is set to go to hearing April 24 .
The Muslim Association of Canada ( MAC ) is anxious to have a decision on the appeal of a City of Waterloo bylaw passed last year that would enable it to use the existing building at 510 Erbsville Rd . for spiritual purposes . The Muslim Association of Canada also plans to redevelop the property and build a proper mosque in the next five to 10 years .
The community association hired a lawyer and appealed the city 's decision , citing concerns with the smaller spiritual use of the building , as well as future expansion .
The Muslim association takes the position that in order to meet the challenge and respond to assertions of negative impact , it needs to know who the members of the community association are and where the property of each member is located . It filed a motion requesting the information at a pre-hearing back in January after repeated attempts to attain a complete list of names and addresses were refused .
An affidavit from a land-use planner with Wood Bull LLP , the firm representing the appellants , cited the community association 's director Hope Hon Yang , who advised them `` many of the members are fearful of harassment as a result of their objection to this proposal . ''
The OMB ruled that the Muslim association had `` met the test of requesting the information '' and that the `` affidavit contained nothing to support the claim of fear of harassment . ''
Community association members said they 'd been followed by an individual who was recording them canvassing door-to-door last summer , however that was the limit of support for the assertion , the board noted .
`` The board does not find this explanation for withholding the membership information in WWCA to be persuasive , '' the decision reads .
`` We are in an era where mobile phones with visual and audio recording capability are both commonplace and commonly used . The canvassers were recorded going along the public right-of-way . ''
TORONTO — The energy sector helped lift Canada 's main stock index in late-morning trading , while the loonie flew higher after the latest rate announcement by the Bank of Canada .
The Canadian central bank kept its key interest rate on hold at 1.25 per cent , but its comments increased market expectations that it would raise the rate in July . The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.66 cents US , up from an average value of 76.92 cents US on Tuesday .
The S & P/TSX composite index was up 51.68 points to 15,974.29 , after 90 minutes of trading .
In New York , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 187.29 points to 24,548.74 . The S & P 500 index was up 24.66 points to 2,714.52 and the Nasdaq composite index was up 60.18 points to 7,456.77 .
RemetzCar Tesla Model S shooting brake design sketch Enlarge Photo
It 's almost strange to think Tesla does n't produce its own Model S wagon , since the Silicon Valley-based carmaker has a way of doing things differently . Alas , Tesla does not in fact build a wagon—but Dutch firm RemetzCar will .
The coachbuilder , based outside of Amsterdam , has begun production of its yet-to-be-named Tesla Model S shooting brake . That 's old English for `` station wagon . '' The company said Floris de Raadt , a Dutch wagon collector , commissioned the project , but it will build 20 examples in total .
RemetzCar Tesla Model S shooting brake design sketch Enlarge Photo
Unfortunately , we only have sketches to preview what the final product will look like . The Model S is n't a bad-looking car , so a low-slung roofline and a functional but more vertical tailgate will probably look right at home . The company previously made a Model S hearse as well ; thankfully , the shooting brake will be much more elegant .
From what we can make out , the front end looks largely the same , but the rear is very different , in a good way . The sketch portrays a hunkered-down Model S with its original lights retained . If RemetzCar can stick to the sketch 's look , then this will surely be a winner .
Dutch designer Niels van Roij penned the car and developed a range of options for the conversion . Their focus was to create a premium design while minimizing conversion costs .
RemetzCar Tesla Model S shooting brake design sketch Enlarge Photo
RemetzCar has begun taking pre-orders for the 20 cars available , accompanied by a deposit for each . The company plans to unveil the car during the first week of March .
Perhaps it will give Tesla CEO Elon Musk some ideas .
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook and Twitter .
Finn Balor of the WWE does their version of the `` bear crawl '' exercise – their movement is the demon crawl… Using Theraband CXL for resistance – tough exercise & fun ! ! @ finnbalor # performancehealth # strengthtraining # strengthandconditioning # physicaltherapy
A post shared by Kevin Wilk ( @ wilk_kevin ) on Feb 14 , 2017 at 3:06pm PST
Rome , July 4 - Interior Minister and anti-migrant League leader Matteo Salvini said several Roma who killed a Florentine man while racing each other in the Tuscan capital recently should `` rot in jail '' . `` Another four Roma arrested for murdering Duccio Dini , run over while these criminals were racing each other at crazy speed in the streets of Florence . They must ROT in jail , '' they tweeted .
TEMPE , Ariz. -- Trading up , especially into the top five in this week 's NFL draft , may be easier said than done for the Arizona Cardinals .
This year 's quarterback class may make it enticing for Arizona to inquire about moving up the draft board Thursday , but finding a trading partner among the four teams in the top five could be a challenge . Any move into the top five would take a hefty offer .
According to Jimmy Johnson 's trade chart , the Cardinals ' 15th pick is worth 1,050 points . The top five picks , respectively , are worth 3,000 , 2,600 , 2,200 , 1,800 and 1,700 points . So based on the trade chart , the Cardinals have a better shot at trading for a pick at No . 4 or lower without having to mortgage their next few drafts -- and Cardinals general manager Steve Keim knows that a quarterback worthy of taking in the top five will require just that .
Cardinals GM Steve Keim knows that a quarterback worthy of taking in the top 5 will come at a high cost . Brian Spurlock-USA TODAY Sports
`` If it 's a dynamic player at that position that is a game-changer , they 're not going to take anything short of the mortgage for the house , the farm and everything to come up , '' Keim said .
If the Cardinals tried to lure the Cleveland Browns into trading the No . 1 pick , they 'd , in theory , have to trade a combination of this year 's and next year 's first- and second-round picks , at minimum , with the possibility of adding a third-round pick or later , as well .
The dealing , according to the trade chart , would get easier as the picks decreased , but in all likelihood , the Cardinals would have to give up at least one first-round and second-round pick .
So , would they find a trade partner ? I asked Browns reporter Pat McManamon , New York Giants reporter Jordan Raanan , New York Jets reporter Rich Cimini and Denver Broncos reporter Jeff Legwold what it would take for their teams to trade with the Cardinals and if they would do it .
Here 's what they said :
Cleveland Browns
What it would take : The top pick would take a ransom , starting with this year 's first- and second-round picks and then adding next year 's first- and second-round choices . Even that 's just a start . The Rams traded two 1s , two 2s and two 3s for the first overall pick that became Jared Goff in 2016 . Inflation probably has increased the price this year . When it comes to the fourth pick , the price is lower only by degrees . Last year , the Browns got Houston 's first-round pick in 2017 and '18 , which turned into the fourth overall pick .
Would the Browns make the trade : I do n't see it happening . The Browns do not want to trade down . They 've had a bad history in trading away from picks going all the way back to the draft they passed on receiver Julio Jones . Though John Dorsey has given every indication he 'll listen , it 's hard to see them making a move down when they have two premium picks . Arizona has the 15th overall , so perhaps the Cardinals could make the move with that pick and a couple of second-round choices , to start . But the Browns have three picks in the second round already , so I 'm not sure what they 'd gain by moving to 15 because they would lose a premier player , like defensive lineman Bradley Chubb of North Carolina State . Dorsey has made it clear they would listen to all trade offers . They said he 's gotten some calls . But they have n't made a deal . That tells me the price for these picks in this draft is pretty steep . I do n't see the Browns doing it . -- McManamon
New York Giants
What would it take : A lot . The No . 2 pick is valuable . Look what the Browns got for it two years ago . The Eagles paid what turned out to be the No . 8 pick , a future first , a second and a third for the rights to draft Carson Wentz . It would take something similar to get the Giants out of No . 2 this year . They 're intent on landing a `` gold jacket '' guy . Hard to do that outside the top 10 .
Would the Giants make the trade : Probably not . Only if it were for a boatload . And only if the Giants were then able to parlay their newfound assets into a move back into the top 10 , perhaps for a shot at Notre Dame offensive lineman Quenton Nelson . The Cardinals are really going to have to make it worth it for the Giants to even consider moving down . The 15th pick is likely too far . -- Raanan
New York Jets
What would it take : A miracle . Maybe they 'd consider it if Kurt Warner came out of retirement , turned back the clock 10 years and demanded a trade to the Jets . Otherwise , there 's nothing that could tempt the Jets to move back 12 spots .
Would the Jets make the trade : Determined to draft one of the top quarterbacks , the Jets traded three second-round picks to move up from No . 6 to No . 3 , so they 're not about to deal themselves out of that prime position . They must come out of this draft with a quarterback and they 'd be taking a huge risk if they swap places with the Cards . -- Cimini
Denver Broncos
What would it take : Whenever John Elway says something like `` I 'm open to trading , '' he 's really saying the numbers have to match up . In their tenure , the Broncos have made a trade or two during the draft weekend when the numbers on the various draft charts tilted slightly away from the Broncos , but Elway did it because it was to acquire a player the Broncos had rated more highly than the spot they were picking in at that moment . So , for the Broncos to move down from No . 5 to No . 15 would mean none of the players they would select at No . 5 are still on the board . The top eight or nine picks in this draft hold the highest value and for the Broncos to move out the player , or players , they wanted would have to be gone or the deal would have to be so good Elway could n't pass it up .
Would the Broncos make the trade : Elway was asked Thursday what their criteria would be to either move up or move down and they offered this : `` If we 're going to move back , we 've got to go back and look and say , ‘ What do we think we 're going to get if we move back . ' We 've got to go through every different scenario . If we move up , what is it going to cost us to move up and is it worth it to move up . '' So , it is strictly going to be a value judgment . Elway is willing to do most anything in free agency or by trade -- he 's already traded a Pro Bowl cornerback in Aqib Talib and cut a 1,000-yard rusher in C.J . Anderson a week before the draft in this offseason alone -- so you can never rule anything out with him . But they also know the Broncos need value picks who can contribute immediately for a team that was 5-11 last season . Their chances are far better at No . 5 , especially if a cluster of quarterbacks is selected among the top four picks because that would leave some of this draft 's best players to choose from at No . 5 . If Bradley Chubb , Denzel Ward and Saquon Barkley , as well as quarterback Baker Mayfield are all off the board by the time he 's on the clock at No . 5 , he 'll take a look at a move down . If one or more of those players are still available , think the chances they 'd deal diminish greatly . -- Legwold
Milwaukee 's top three scorers from the 2017-18 season were granted their releases from the program , the school announced Monday .
Junior guards Jeremiah Bell ( 14.1 points per game ) and Brock Stull ( 13.4 ppg ) and sophomore forward Bryce Nze ( 10.3 ppg ) will be allowed to `` pursue and explore other basketball and academic opportunities , '' the school said in a statement .
`` Our staff wishes this group of players nothing but the best , '' coach Pat Baldwin said in the statement . `` We never like to see players leave , but each student-athlete has a unique set of circumstances and feels what is best for them is somewhere else . As they all wish to pursue options at the high-major level , we do want to thank them for their contributions to the Milwaukee basketball program . ''
Milwaukee finished 16-17 last season , fifth in the Horizon League standings . The Panthers advanced to the conference tournament semifinals before losing to eventual champion Wright State 59-53 .
ISLAMABAD , Dec 11 ( APP ) : An anti-terrorism court ( ATC ) on Monday dismissed the plea of Imran Khan , Chairman Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) , to remove the terror charges and send their cases to a lower court .
Babar Awan , counsel of the PTI earlier challenged the jurisdiction of ATC to hear the four cases filed against Irman Khan and argued to drop terrorism charges against Mr Khan .
In a request submitted before the court on behalf of Imran Khan , Advocate Babar Awan sought the transfer of the four cases , dating back to 2014 , to the civil court .
These four cases are regarding the torture on former SSP ( Operations ) Islamabad Asmat Ullah Junejo and attack on other law enforcement personnel and attacking PTV building .
The state prosecutor said there is solid evidence against the PTI chief of instigating party workers against the state . They said there are evidences that Imran Khan had incited their workers at the time and argued for action against the PTI chief under the Anti-Terrorism Act .
ATC Judge Shahrukh Arjumand reserved the decision on the case . Announcing its verdict later , the ATC dismissed the plea to remove terror charges but extended Imran 's bail in the cases until the next hearing on December 19 . The court ordered Imran Khan to appear before it at the next hearing on December 19 , 2017 .
( 123rf )
South Korea 's anti-trust watchdog is under mounting pressure to scrap its long-held exclusive right to charge businesses for fair trade violations which opposition lawmakers say have been impotent to monitor chaebol 's unlawful practices against smaller firms.The current law prevents prosecutors from indicting companies for competition law violations unless the Fair Trade Commission files an accusation.Rep . Choi Woon-yeol of the Democratic Party of Korea and Rep. Chae Yi-bae of the People 's Party have proposed their respective revision bills to scrap the FTC 's exclusive right to charge businesses , claiming the FTC has been excessively lenient to big firms in evaluating their competition law violations. “ Maybe because of the conglomerates ' contribution to the local economy , the FTC has not been using its right to charge chaebol as much as it needed to , ” Choi told The Korea Herald.But they also admitted that with or without the role of the FTC , the SMEs ' heavy reliant on conglomerates fundamentally make it hard for them to take any action in case of unfair businesses. “ Small companies in partnership with conglomerates find it virtually impossible to press charges against conglomerates ( with the FTC ) because they fear conglomerates could end their contract , ” Choi said.The National Assembly 's National Policy Committee will hold a hearing on Monday next week where the ruling and opposition lawmakers and the FTC will reveal their respective stance on the issue . After revision bill evaluations , the committee will decide on the fate of the FTC 's right on Feb. 24.Opposing to scrapping its right to charge , the FTC said in a report submitted to the Assembly on Wednesday that it could create bigger damage to small and medium-sized enterprises.Proponents of the FTC 's exclusive right also claim that the opposition lawmakers ' move is politically motivated to stress their agenda of chaebol reform without in-depth evaluation and alternatives for the system. “ We take thousands of accusing reports from small and medium companies per year . After evaluating with our own expertise , we file accusations with prosecutors only those considered as ‘ grave , ' ” an FTC official said on the condition of anonymity. “ Over 80 percent accusations we receive come from conflicts between SMEs or between small vendors . If FTC 's right is scrapped , those individuals might abuse suing SMEs , whose business activities will be in peril to deal with legal issues. ” The FTC , for its part , has been contending that it no longer holds the “ exclusive right ” since June 2013 , citing how a system was introduced then to allow other entities to demand the FTC take action in cases of unfair businesses.So far , the Board of Audit and Inspection , Public Procurement Service and the Small and Medium Business Administration can request the FTC to file a case with the prosecution , and when such a request is filed , the FTC is obligated to follow through.FTC officials contend that expanding the scope of this system would suffice.Reports said that the FTC is reviewing a proposal to also include Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry and the Korea Federation of SMEs in the list as an alternative to having its exclusive right completely revoked.The issue comes at a time when the watchdog is under investigation by the special counsel over whether the FTC allegedly gave a favor to Samsung Group in 2015 when it had to weaken its shareholding chains in the wake of the merger of its two affiliates Samsung C & T and Cheil Industries in July of that year.In December 2015 , the FTC ordered smartphone battery maker Samsung SDI to dispose 5 million Samsung C & T shares , instead of its original ruling of 10 million shares . The FTC reducing the amount of shares could be interpreted as a favor to Samsung , news reports said.FTC Chairman Jeong Jae-chan , as well as Vice Chairman Kim Hak-hyun , were called in by the special counsel on Feb. 10 and Feb. 8 , respectively , for questioning over the FTC 's decision over Samsung C & T shares.By Kim Yoon-mi ( yoonmi @ heraldcorp.com )
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
GREENBELT — Officials believe Greenbelt will need about 60 percent more parking spaces than initially projected if the city is chosen as the site of the FBI 's new headquarters . A draft Environmental Impact Statement released in 2015 estimated only 3,600 parking spaces would be needed if it was located in Greenbelt . WTOP-FM reports the final Environmental Impact ...
The 16th annual March for Meals on Wheels is underway , with the mission to deliver nutritious meals , friendly visits , and safety checks to America 's seniors .
Dozens of volunteers were sacrificing their time preparing , packing and delivering meals to residential seniors on Monday .
Local state representatives and public figures are also set to do their part for the march this week .
Meals on Wheels helps people like Robert Fenske , who after losing their wife , was struggling to get nutritious meals .
`` The pleasure of having those volunteer delivery people bring the meal and it 's always on time , it 's always good , the meals are great and good variety and nourishing , '' said Fenske .
Olmsted County Sheriff Kevin Torgerson and County Attorney Mark Ostrem are among local champions expected to make deliveries sometime this week .
Last year in Rochester , more than 200 volunteers delivered 29,000 meals .
Those familiar with Tom Secker know them to be a preeminent deep state researcher . Resolutely averse to going further than evidence allows , committed to demolishing harebrained conspiracy theories along the way , their efforts shine candid light on the nefarious activities of Western intelligence agencies .
Their work has never been mentioned , or featured , by the corporate media , but mainstream journalists could surely learn a thing or two from Mr. Secker , in particular their aptitude for unearthing compromising internal documents . The determined Brit is quite so skilled at Freedom of Information requests he 's even uncovered UK Foreign Office memos complaining about their activities — obviously flustered officials refer to Mr. Secker as a “ repeat offender ” on a “ fishing expedition . ”
As of 2018 , their primary areas of interest have included the 1993 World Trade Center bombing , Operation Gladio , the 7/7 attacks in London , and Pentagon and CIA meddling in the US entertainment industry . Along the way , he 's produced a steady stream of articles , books , documentaries and podcasts .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jacob Butterfield 's late equaliser confirmed Brighton 's promotion to the Premier League as Derby came from behind to snatch a point against third-placed Huddersfield .
It dented the Terriers ' own automatic promotion hopes , victory would have taken David Wagner 's side to within five points of Newcastle with a game in hand in the race for second spot .
But the result leaves Huddersfield fourth , a point behind Reading and seven adrift of Newcastle , with the Seagulls now 13 points clear of Reading and thus confirmed as a Premier League side next season .
Brighton had earlier beaten Wigan 2-1 at the Amex Stadium , a result which was greeted with a pitch invasion as Chris Hughton 's side all-but rubber-stamped their promotion .
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
Newcastle were beaten 3-1 at Ipswich meaning they are seven points behind Brighton and will likely have to settle for second place .
Colin Quaner got Huddersfield off to the perfect start , firing past Scott Carson on the angle after just seven minutes .
( Photo : Huddersfield Examiner )
( Photo : Rex Features )
And it looked like it would be a winning goal before Butterfield found the back of the net with only two minutes remaining .
The result leaves the Rams in ninth , 10 points outside the playoffs and unable to break into the top six .
Hatters boss Nathan Jones has promised that the club wo n't get fined for their team selection in the Checkatrade Trophy clash against Tottenham Hotspur U23s this evening .
This time last year , Luton were handed a £15k penalty for the sides they played against Gillingham , West Brom U23s and Millwall in their group stage matches .
However , the rules have changed this season , meaning just four of Town 's outfield starting XI , have to have either started the the previous of following first team game , are in the top 10 players for starting appearances , or have made 40 or more first team games .
Jones said : “ We 'll pick from who we pick , but I think the rules are very sensible this year .
“ For anyone to be fined this year you really would have to flaunt it a little bit . With us , we picked the side that we needed ( last year ) to give experience to and to gain and to test and to challenge .
“ We 'll do that again with the selection we pick , but we wo n't get that fined because of who we pick .
“ The rules are far more sensible and I can probably guarantee you that they wo n't detract or take anything away from the competition . ”
Jones will make changes to the team that lost 1-0 at Barnet on Saturday though , with Danny Hylton and James Justin both in line to get their first minutes of the campaign .
They added : “ They 'll be involved tomorrow and I 'm looking forward to getting them both back as they 're two fantastic players , so it will be a good boost .
“ They 've trained well , gathered a little bit of momentum and it 's a big week for them .
“ We 're going to make a few changes and they 'll be opportunities for people to make debuts .
“ There will be an element of youth around the side and then we 'll make sure that we use the whole squad so that Saturday we go in and everyone 's up to speed , ready and available for selection . ”
Meanwhile , Jones will be well prepared for the challenge of Spurs U23s , who lost 2-1 at Sunderland U23s in their opening Premier League Two Division One clash of the season on Friday .
They added : “ Ironically you watch Spurs U23s as much you watch Mansfield or Lincoln or anyone , because they play regularly and it 's a pool that a lot of clubs at our level dip into .
“ So we 'll have a good eye on them we 've watched them two or three times , I 've watched them against Cambridge in pre-season , had them scouted at Sunderland the other day .
“ We know how Spurs play , I 've watched Spurs a number of times last year , they played Stevenage , we understand how they play and it will be a good footballing game .
“ I know Wayne Burnett ( U23s head coach ) very well , Justine Cochrane ( assistant head of development ) , I also played with Justin , so it will be a good game .
“ We 'll come up against a real good development side , but we want a real performance from them .
“ We enjoyed our little venture into the Checkatrade tournament last year and we 're going to do that again . ”
There 's an unplanned experiment going on in the northern Rocky Mountains . What 's happening is that spring is arriving earlier , and it 's generally warmer and drier than usual . And that 's messing with some of the fish that live there .
The fish is the iconic cutthroat trout . It 's a native North American fish that thrives in cold , small streams . Explorer Meriwether Lewis of Lewis and Clark Expedition fame was among the first European-Americans to catch this spangly , spotted fish . They used deer spleen as bait .
It 's relative rarity now makes it a favorite for catch-and-release anglers . But biologists have now found that it 's in danger . The much more common rainbow trout is invading cutthroat streams and mating with the native fish . Ecologist Clint Muhlfeld says that creates hybrids .
`` It jumbles up the genes that are linked to the locally adapted traits that these fish have evolved with , '' says Muhlfeld , who 's with the U.S. Geological Survey and the University of Montana 's Flathead Lake Biological Station .
Those traits have allowed cutthroats to survive through millennia in cold northern streams . And cold streams were thought to protect them from rainbows , which prefer warmer water .
But climate change is warming many high-altitude streams , and they frequently have less water , another change that favors rainbows . So they 're moving in .
Muhlfeld says that when rainbows and cutthroats breed , the resulting hybrids are feeble — `` less fit , '' in biological terms . `` They do n't survive as well as the native fish , '' they say . And hybrids that do survive continue to make more hybrids ; there 's no going back to making cutthroats again .
Writing in the journal Global Change Biology , Muhlfeld and a team of scientists from several research institutions studied fish in hundreds of locations in the northern Rockies . Hybridization was widespread . It was most common in places where fish and game departments have introduced rainbow trout , a practice that goes back to the 19th century .
Some states are trying to solve the problem by getting rid of rainbow trout . That might not please some anglers , but Muhlfeld says the cutthroat species could disappear otherwise .
`` There are so many places around the world where you can go catch a rainbow trout , '' they say ; it 's been introduced all over the world . `` There are very few places where you can actually go and catch a native fish that 's been around for thousands and thousands of years .
`` Extinction is permanent . Once the native genomes and adaptive traits are gone , they are gone forever . ''
Marria Qibtia S Nagra
INEXPLICABLE in its exposition , freedom be it of nations or individuals , is an unrivaled blessing . Emanating from a desire for liberation and sovereignty , it materialises itself solely through faith , of which there stands no concomitant . For the Muslims of the subcontinent the ignominious subservience to Hindu domination not only impinged their psycho-social wellbeing , but consequently impelled them to collectively work upon the realization of their dream for the creation of a homeland , where their basic civil liberties would be guaranteed and where impartiality would be a right , not a privilege for few .
On Independence Day , each year it is the creation of this sacred land Pakistan that comes to be celebrated . For Pakistanis , this significant occasion mandates an affirmation of their patriotism , a pursuit that sadly finds much expression in material pomp and show than in the desire to imbibe from the struggle of the forefathers and following their footsteps . Be it the wearing of flashy badges of the national flag on the chests or the senseless quest of the people of our generation to erect the largest flag in the vicinity on the rooftop of their buildings , the heart of the matter is that seventy years of creation , have failed to imbue in us the quintessence of patriotism . If patriotism entails expressing compassion for ones homeland , then is it true adoration that comes to be manifested in all the materialistically superficial endeavours that we as a nation resort to in claiming eternal love for the motherland ? Is not such superficiality amounting to betraying the spirit of patriotism and of love itself ?
Sagacity demands that true patriotism should be an exercise that enables the Pakistani nation to engage in an exegesis of the factors that are swerving it from the ideological basis of its creation , and are therefore hindering its prosperity . Fore mostly of all , the concept of unity , faith and discipline , espoused by Jinnah is something that we as a nation need to hold steadfast to , since this is our only panacea against internal and external agents of unrest . It was not without a reason that Jinnah believed unity and discipline to be the granters of power and sanction , necessary for greater progression .
Next , justice and equality , need to be given due pertinence , since an ignorance towards This is resulting in the malignance of the social setup . The remnants of our collective pre-independence past should be sufficient enough to enable us to comprehend the role of impartiality in national progression and development . However , the practice of selective justice practiced quite conveniently by those at the helms of affairs , tells another story altogether . While the former PM Nawaz Sharif was being sent home by the honorable Supreme Court on account of being “ not honest ” as a result of the non-declaration of their assets , a kangaroo court in Pakistan – a Jirga in Multan , decided upon the fate of a young girl , ordering their revenge rape as a means to even out the offense of rape their brother had committed . Such vile occurrences reinforce the unquestionable constrictive social dynamics of the Pakistani society and shed light upon the morose tradition of using women as pawns in resolving familial disputes , whereby their bodies become combat zones on which scores come to be settled .
Moreover , patriotism also entails embracing the communal diversity that ornaments the social demographics of the state . While delivering an address on August 11 , 1947 , Jinnah stressed upon this notion , contending that , we all are equal citizens of one state and that caste and creed …has nothing to do with the business of the state . Despite the founding fathers explicit reference to an embracive – socio-political practice , Pakistan today can not boast of revering its minorities . It is not without a reason that the Hindu population in Pakistan which was estimated to be around 23 % at the time of the inception of Pakistan , has been reduced to a mere 6 % . Moreover , Aurat Foundation in a report testifies that 1000 girls in Sindh alone have been coerced to convert to Islam , under physical and psychological duress .
True patriotism also involves professing the role that women can play in nation building , where they are not treated as mere proxies or extension of male political potential . It was women leaders like Begum Fatima Jinnah , Begum Shaista Ikramullah , and Begum Jahanara Shahnawaz who played a major role in making the Pakistan movement a success . Similarly , it was the women groups who were the first ones to stage massive protests against Zia 's dictatorial regime , manifesting their unwavering compassion for democratic cultural values . However , the recent case of MNA Ayesha Gulalai , and the scathing criticism meted out to them in response to their claims of being harassed by the PTI leadership reflects the convenient sadism with which women in politics are accosted , something that should be sufficient enough to pulverize our souls .
Today , as the Pakistani nation does stand free from the sadistic episodes of direct physical cumbrance , it stands virtually enslaved , all due to the inability of the successors to work upon heralding the dictums that the Pakistan movement professed . For a nation , aspiring for greatness , it is time that it redefines patriotism in true letter and spirit by working upon the areas mandating collective attention , since this is the only recours .
— The writer is a freelance columnist with profound interest in English Literature , Psychology & IR .
Email : [ email protected ]
Related
“ Kid Rock ” may not be allowed to appear on the ballot for U.S. Senate in Michigan , Nathan Gonzales reports .
Instead , Robert Ritchie would probably have to use their real name and not their stage name .
TEMPE , Ariz. -- The two charges against Arizona Cardinals rookie wide receiver Christian Kirk stemming from a Feb. 3 arrest at the Waste Management Phoenix Open have been dropped , according to the city of Scottsdale online court records .
The move came Tuesday at the request of city attorney Karen Close .
The charges were for damage to property valued between $ 250 and $ 2,000 and disorderly conduct -- disruptive behavior or fighting . Kirk and a friend , Carter McCarthy , were arrested for allegedly throwing rocks at cars as Kirk left the annual PGA Tour golf tournament at TPC Scottsdale . McCarthy 's charges were dropped on April 4 .
Kirk , a second-round pick , tweeted a statement on Wednesday .
According to the police report , one window on a 15-passenger van in a parking lot near the course was broken after a witness noticed Kirk and McCarthy throwing rocks at other cars .
Kirk was `` unsteady on their feet and smelled of alcohol '' and was `` unable to answer simple questions and would answer by mumbling incoherently , '' according to the report .
Kirk 's case was heading toward a trial , according to online court records .
After Kirk 's arrest was first reported on May 14 , Cardinals coach Steve Wilks said the team knew about the incident before drafting Kirk , a Scottsdale native who attended college at Texas A & M .
`` We did our own independent research on it and we felt very good about the information that we received and that 's why we moved forward in really drafting him , '' Wilks said . `` As I stated before , we want to bring in great character guys and I think Christian is one of those guys . I think the situation is going to resolve itself here in a couple of months . And with it still being an ongoing legal issue , I 'm not going to go into it any further than that . ''
NBC says it has sold out ad inventory for Super Bowl LII with less than 48 hours to go before the kickoff for the event , marking the first time in three years a network has publicly acknowledged it was able to secure advertisers for all the time in the much-anticipated game .
“ Super Bowl LII is sold out , ” said Dan Lovinger , executive vice president of advertising sales , NBC Sports Group , ” in a statement . “ We booked record revenue , and advertiser enthusiasm for the game is at an all-time high . ”
NBC appears to have booked its last sponsors late Friday afternoon . The network was unable to confirm sell-out status when Variety inquired earlier in the day . Two sponsors on Friday – Toyota and Wix.com – announced they had purchased ad time in the game late this week .
The network has been seeking more than $ 5 million for a package of advertising related to the Super Bowl .
TV networks for years used to sell out a Super Bowl broadcast by the preceding fall , but ad buyers say a new plethora of football events – Thursday-night football games , streaming video of those games and the occasional YouTube broadcast – have slowed momentum behind the gridiron classic . Indeed , the last time a network announced sell-out weeks in advance took place when Fox managed to close out inventory for Super Bowl XLVIII – broadcast in 2014 – in December of the previous year . In 2017 , Fox never said whether or not it had sold out its broadcast of Super Bowl LI . CBS made no sell-out announcement for its 2016 broadcast of Super Bowl 50 . NBCU announced sell-out of its last Super Bowl broadcast – Super Bowl XLIX in 2015 – just days before kickoff .
Related NBC Still Selling Super Bowl Ads as Game Day Nears Coke , Pepsi Go to Super Bowl Battle Armed with Similar Pitches
In mid-January , NBC indicated it had fewer than ten 30-second spots left to sell in the February 4 broadcast of the event . Dan Lovinger , the executive who oversees sports ad sales for NBCUniversal , indicated the company expected the Super Bowl to generate around $ 500 million in national TV advertising associated with its broadcast , pre- and post-game shows , and a special post-event broadcast of “ This Is Us. ” That 's essentially what the first two hours of NBC 's “ Today ” generates over the course of a year . NBCUniversal CEO Steve Burke said during a late-January conference call with Comcast investors that the game was “ essentially sold out ” – but to people in the industry , such a phrase means there 's still some business left to be done .
TV networks typically sell around 70 30-second commercial slots in a Super Bowl , but that tally is likely to be confused by a significant number of longer ads the network said clients have purchased .
Anheuser-Busch InBev , PepsiCo , Procter & Gamble , Coca-Cola , Mars ' M & Ms and Hyundai are among the advertisers taking part in this year 's advertising antics .
What are the best cases for the LG V20 ?
Life is full of unfortunate surprises , which is why you want to be prepared in case you drop your sparkling clean LG V20 onto the ground . Protect your new smartphone with one of these affordable insurance plans .
Otterbox Defender Series
Your smartphone use may not be harsh enough to warrant the double-duty protection offered by the Otterbox Defender Series . But like my second-grade teacher used to say : You 're better off safe than sorry .
Since the V20 is positioned as the kind of smartphone you want to take with you to document a trip or a family reunion , you might as well consider this triple-layer , drop-proof case . The Defender Series features a built-in screen protector to keep the V20 's display crystal clear , and there are port covers to block out dirt , dust , and lint from getting into the headphone jack and charging port . There 's also a holster that doubles as a kickstand .
The Otterbox Defender for the LG V20 is only available in black .
See at Otterbox
Incipio Dualpro
Whether you 're looking for a plain black case or a bright pink one , Incipio is worth considering for its veteran case-making status . The DualPro Case for the V20 features an impact resistant plastic frame on top of a shock absorbing rubber sleeve . You can choose it in four colors , all of which will keep your shiny new smartphone protected while you 're out making mobile movies .
The Incipio Dualpro is available in black , champagne , rose gold , and pink .
See at Incipio
Ringke Defensive Case
If the Otterbox is just too much protection for you , the considerably more affordable Ringke Defensive Case will do just fine . The case is made of durable plastic material and features a textured look that adds a bit of James Bond-style personality to the V20 . That textured pattern helps provide a but of grip to the phone 's chassis , too .
The Ringke Defensive Case is available in black , blue , and gray .
See at Amazon
Tridea Power Guard Leather Bumper
Class up your LG V20 with the Tridea leather case . Though it 's not real leather , the inside is lined by a carbon fiber frame to help the V20 against impact . There 's also a recessed card slot on the inside which works for attaching a metal plate for a magnetic mound or placing a transit card for tapping at the turnstiles .
The Tridea Power Guard Bumper is available in carbon black , too .
See at Amazon
Hatters boss Nathan Jones has praised Accrington chief John Coleman for the job they as done once more at the Wham Stadium this year .
Coleman 's side go into the game with Luton sitting in third place , after two seasons where they have been challenging for promotion too , despite having one of the smallest budgets in the league
They have a little bit of freedom to play so they 're a dangerous side and they 've got good individuals . Nathan Jones
Jones said : “ He always does well there , they do wonderful there , because they lose players year in year out and he 's lost some good players .
“ We liked the boy ( Matthew ) Pearson who they lost , they were a real top player for this level .
“ Obviously ( Shay ) McCartan they lost and any loans they take , if they do well there , they kind of move on too .
“ So they keep producing teams and players that are very , very competitive at this level and obviously whatever the format is , the mandate for the club , they keep doing it .
“ So fair play , and they 're a difficult side to play against .
“ They know what they 're doing , they 're organised , they have a little bit of freedom to play so they 're a dangerous side and they 've got good individuals .
“ We know it 's a difficult game and going to Accrington is never , never a wonderful place to go , no disrespect , but it 's a difficult football game for this football club . ”
Last season the Hatters triumphed 4-0 as they geared up for the play-offs in style , as Jones said : “ It was at a crucial time as we wanted to cement our place in the play-offs .
“ They were going for it , as they had an outside chance , so it was an important game and we won it .
“ Whether that has any bearing on anything I do n't know , all we can do is concentrate on now . They 've got new players , we 've got new players from last year . ”
Town go into the game on the back of five games without defeat and after a stunning first half display against Newport last weekend , Jones is happy with where their side are .
They added : “ We 're in good form at the minute , we have to continue that and have to continue to get better .
“ That 's the thing as we do n't just want to stand still , we 're in good form now , lets continue as we are .
“ I was delighted with the performance against Newport , but again without being disrespectful , if we had had a cutting edge about us , then that could have been a lot more .
“ The level of performance we put out and the amount of times we arrived in their box , in behind their back four , had opportunities to score goals .
“ If we had taken half of those , it would have been far more emphatic , so we can improve .
“ And we conceded which we did n't want to do , a clean sheet would have been really nice because we could have seen out the game a lot more comfortably .
“ So there 's always things we can improve on as we want to evolve , we do n't want to stagnate and stand still , we want to keep going . ”
By Gary Abernathy
Special To The Washington Post
HILLSBORO , Ohio - We 've all heard commentators and pundits through the years claim that what the United States needs is `` an honest conversation about race . '' But whenever those conversations happen , they quickly devolve into accusations of racism - a word with a definition that has expanded to cover any expression that veers from left-wing dogma on the issue .
Racism - the belief that an entire race of people is inherently inferior , or superior , to another race of people - is abhorrent . That is the kind of racism represented by the white nationalists who gathered in Charlottesville over the weekend , drawing crowds of counterprotesters , leading to violent confrontations and , eventually , a murderous assault with a vehicle and a tragic helicopter accident .
By contrast , simply disagreeing with affirmative action programs , or supporting a crackdown on crime , or wanting to rein in government spending on domestic programs , or opposing sanctuary cities , is not racism . You can argue that these positions are wrong , but they are not inherently racist .
When the news broke about the Charlottesville violence , everyone knew what was coming next . The Blame Trump Brigade , always at the ready , would spring forth , predictable as April dandelions . Every Republican president or presidential candidate is accused of racist pandering or catering to white resentment . It 's the go-to move from the left and many in the media . With President Trump , the charge has reached frenzied heights of absurdity .
The president did n't respond on Saturday within the prescribed time limit , and they then did n't use the right words , critics said . But if their detractors were being honest , they would admit that if Trump had read a statement written by them , saying exactly what they wanted - as they basically did Monday - they would still lay the events at their feet .
When we try to have conversations about race that veer from the approved talking points , conservatives are accused of using `` dog whistles '' - words or phrases designed to appeal to white bigotry . I had to look up some websites to find examples , because I missed dog-whistle class .
Among common dog whistles allegedly used by Republicans are : `` states ' rights , '' apparently designed to oppose federal civil rights initiatives ; `` law and order , '' a secret signal to crack down on low-income or minority neighborhoods ; and `` family values , '' a phrase determined by the left to be an attack on gays and lesbians . I wo n't , for instance , deny that the concept of states ' rights has been a rationale used in the past by people with ill intent , but the concept can be a legitimate one , too , for issues such as education . There are so many dog whistles that a whole book was written about the practice by University of California at Berkeley law professor Ian Haney Lopez , apparently to help the left decipher secret messages without the decoder rings distributed to the right .
I was visited last week by a professor of anthropology who is in the region researching a book . They mentioned that they had , in their travels though the Midwest , encountered a handful of people who displayed the Confederate battle flag . They told me , with a sense of surprise , `` They really do n't see it as a racist thing . They see it as a sign of independence . ''
For the record , I understand why the Confederate flag is offensive , and I do n't think anyone should display it . No matter what else it once stood for , it stood for the right to own slaves . I agree with its removal from public buildings and grounds , along with other memorials that seem to celebrate a time when owning slaves was acceptable .
Further , I do n't agree with the idea of the Justice Department investigating affirmative action programs at universities under the theory that they might discriminate against whites . White people are doing fine in the United States . Whites have n't suffered under affirmative action . But many on the left would define me as racist because I 'm a Trump supporter - even though , like anyone who supports any president or candidate , I do n't support everything they say or does .
Unlike the people encountered by the anthropology professor , the white supremacists who gathered in Charlottesville over the weekend understood completely the offensive nature of the symbols they were fighting to maintain and proudly spouted their usual venom . There 's no apology for their hate .
But an honest conversation about race , if we could have it , would differentiate between the small , fringe groups of racists in this country and others who have no malice toward anyone but hold different points of view on various race-related issues .
An honest conversation about race might help the left understand that many of the people they call racists are not that at all , even if they do n't prescribe to all the standard liberal solutions . And it might help the right to better understand why some of their ambivalence or insensitivities - including some of the president 's remarks - are seen as offensive by many .
But with no such discussion allowed , everyone retreats to their corners , and the entrenched accusations continue and amplify , with no progress toward bridging the gulf that divides us .
Gary Abernathy is publisher and editor of the Times-Gazette in Hillsboro , Ohio .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Brazilian club Chapecoense are hoping to take inspiration from playing in Japan as they continue to rebuild after all but three of their squad were killed in a plane crash en route to the Copa Sudamericana final in Colombia last November .
Chapecoense were awarded the trophy following the disaster and are in Japan to play the Urawa Red Diamonds in Saitama on Tuesday in the annual Suruga Bank Championship between the reigning J.League Cup and Copa Sudamericana holders .
The Brazilian side 's manager Vinicius Eutropio believes it is important for their team to take a spiritual lesson from being in a country that was devastated by the 2011 earthquake and tsunami but has found its footing since .
`` This is a country which showed the entire world what recovery is all about , '' Eutropio was quoted by Kyodo news agency as telling reporters on Monday .
`` We are in the process of rebuilding and we want to take whatever we can from here that will help us on our path to recovery . ''
Eutropio added that their side were well prepared for their first competitive overseas match since the crash on a mountain near Medellin that claimed 71 lives .
`` This match means something to us . We are serious about it and we hope to give it everything we have at this point in time , '' they added .
`` There is an intercontinental trophy at stake , which is something Chapecoense have never won ( on the pitch ) . So it 's imperative for us to take this silverware back home .
`` We are expecting a very difficult game . We 've had a long trip to get here , have jet lag and our opponents are a quality side . I 've only been in charge for 30 days , but I have faith in my players and hope to take a win back to Brazil . ''
Urawa , who are also playing in the event founded in 2008 for a first time , are looking forward to a match that they feel will be emotional for both sides .
`` ( Chapecoense ) are moving forward one step at a time and we are fortunate to have the opportunity to play them , '' captain Yuki Abe said . `` I 've played a lot of games in my career , but I think this is one I will remember for the rest of my life . ''
( Reporting by John O'Brien in Singapore ; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
All passports are not created equal . The measure of a passport 's power lies in the mobility it allows its holders . An annual index ranks passports according to the number of countries they allow you to enter visa-free . One country has been taking the most powerful passport crown for the past three years .
The Philippine passport ranks 67th out of the 98 countries ranked , as it is only allowed to enter 60 countries without a visa , which is less than half the number of countries the world 's most powerful passport allows . ( On the upside , Philippine passport holders are less likely to be targeted by passport thieves . )
Nineteen countries place in the top four most powerful passport list but only one country 's passport takes the top spot . Find out which country scored the highest in visa-free travel below .
Power Rank : 4
IMAGE Wikimedia Commons / Pixabay
Japan
South Korea
Switzerland
Portugal
Luxembourg
Austria
Belgium
Netherlands
Italy
Nine countries share the fifth spot as all their passports allow visa-free entry to 155 other countries . Surprisingly , South Korea falls from the top rank as Asia 's most powerful .
Power Rank : 3
IMAGE Wikimedia Commons / Pixabay
The United States of America
United Kingdom
Norway
Spain
France
Finland
Denmark
The UK , USA , and five other countries share the same power rank with visa-free privileges at 156 countries . Meanwhile , a Spanish passport allows you visa-free travel to all Schengen countries ; and Norway enjoys all these passport perks and is one of the richest countries in the world per capita , while being outside the European Union .
Power Rank : 2
IMAGE Wikimedia Commons / Pixabay
Singapore ( Score : 157 )
Sweden ( Score : 157 )
Singapore now holds the most powerful Asian passport , after beating out South Korea .
Sweden is in second place once more . But before you consider migrating to Sweden , know that an application for Swedish citizenship takes years to process and just less that amount of time when you marry a Swedish national .
Power Rank : 1
IMAGE Wikimedia Commons / Pixabay
Germany
Since 2014 , German passport holders have enjoyed the privilege of traveling to the most number of countries in the world without a visa . Although this year , visa restrictions tightened , causing fewer countries offering visa-free travel . Germany 's numbers greatly fell from 177 to 158 .
* This story originally appeared on Townandcountry.ph . Minor edits have been made by the Preview.ph editors .
Photo : romance . Photo/Courtesy
Waithera Otieno
‘ Your naked body should only belong to those who fall in love with your naked soul ' Set a conducive and loving environment . Find opportunities to be alone with your partner so that you can enjoy quality time .
To appreciate each other , give heartfelt compliments for the great qualities that your partner has . Talk and listen to each other . Visit new places together . Learn a new skill together . Take up a shared hobby .
Dance together . Enjoy the latest dance moves or even rock back and forth to slow romantic music , in each other 's arms . If you are used to night time love-making sessions , try morning or mid-day sessions .
When you lose sleep in the middle of the night and you do n't have a busy day the following day , wake up your partner with some kisses and caresses . Do you remember how hot dating sessions were , before you were ready to go all the way ?
Rekindle the memories by spending all evening enjoying foreplay without having penetrative sex . Take time to explore your partner 's body , as if it were the first time . Breath in their scent , taste them , listen to the sex sounds they make . Be daring .
Is there something you have been desiring to try out , but have n't had the opportunity to do ? Have you been wondering about a new sex position ? Some light bondage ?
Some dirty talking to get you in the mood ? This might be a great time to try these out . Be generous with your partner . Offer them full body massages , breakfast in bed and southern cuisine sessions . Let them know that they are special to you .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
For the second consecutive week , University of the Sciences men 's basketball first-year student Paddy Casey ( Scranton Prep ) was named Central Athletic
Collegiate Conference
Rookie of the Week .
Casey was chosen for the period ending Dec. 10 after they averaged 16.5 points , 4.0 rebounds , 3.0 steals and 2.0 assists in two games . That included hitting the game-winning three-point play with 16 seconds left in a 61-58 comeback victory over Georgian Court , then scoring a career-high 18 points in a 64-56 win over Chestnut Hill .
They earned the honor for the period ending Dec. 3 after they scored 16 points , including the game-clinching two free throws with three seconds left , in an 85-81 win at Holy Family .
For the season , Casey has started all 10 games for the Devils ( 7-3 ) and is averaging 12.7 points , 3.9 rebounds , 3.0 assists and 1.9 steals .
Sibling rivalry
Not to be outdone by younger brother Paddy is Williams College junior
Bobby Casey ( Scranton Prep ) . They led the Ephs to a 3-0 week by averaging
17.7 points and shooting
56.5 percent from behind the 3-point line .
Against Westfield State , Casey scored 21 points to match their career high in a 70-63 win . They then scored 12 points in 22 minutes in a
106-56 win over Fitchburg State and totaled 20 points , six rebounds and one assist in a 68-51 victory over Springfield College .
In nine games , Casey is averaging 13.6 points , 3.2 rebounds and 1.3 assists . Williams is 8-1 overall .
Champions
Congratulations to seniors and Mountain View graduates from Colby Thomas and Zeb Cross , who are members of the Messiah College men 's soccer team that won the NCAA Division III championship .
Facing Brandeis University in the semifinals , Messiah won in double overtime , 3-2 . Thomas had an assist on Kirby Robbins ' game-tying goal at 80:31 that forced
overtime .
Then in the final , the Falcons ( 24-2 ) defeated North Park University , 2-1 , for their 11th title in program history .
Thomas started all 26 games and had nine goals and 12 assists for 30 points . Seven of their goals were game-winners , and they earned third-team All-America honors from the United Soccer Coaches Association .
Cross appeared in 19 games and had two goals and one assist for five points .
Squared circle
A pair of former Lackawanna League wrestlers posted victories when Wilkes University met Stevens Tech in the “ Grapple At The Garden ” at New York 's Madison Square Garden .
Wilkes sophomore Matt Judge ( Valley View ) won by decision , 7-1 , over Mark Kimbrell at 184 pounds .
Stevens first-year student Bruce Parola ( Scranton Prep ) won by decision , 10-9 , over
Nasser McCummings at
197 pounds .
The Ducks , ranked No . 3 in NCAA Division III , won the match , 29-16 .
Pool rules
Freshman Mike Pettit ( Montrose ) won two events to help the Wilkes University men 's swimming team beat Penn State-Altoona ,
110-70 .
Pettit won the 1,000-yard freestyle in 11 minutes , 41.06 seconds and the 500-yard freestyle in 5:36.93 .
Junior Chase Osborne ( Wallenpaupack ) won the 50-yard freestyle in 24.39 seconds for the Colonels .
In the women 's meet ,
Wilkes lost to PSU-Altoona , 88-85 , despite the efforts of junior Morgan Williams ( West Scranton ) . They won the 1,000 free in 11:48.18 ; took second in the 500 free in 5:52.22 ; and was a member of the victorious 400-yard free relay team in 4:09.01 .
Sophomore Cassie Merrill ( West Scranton ) placed second in the
100-yard freestyle in 1:07.28 .
Quick connects
Misericordia University junior Jason Kenny ( Mid Valley ) was named MAC Freedom Conference men 's basketball Player of the Week for the period ending Dec. 10 . Kenny averaged 21.0 points , 3.3 rebounds ,
3.3 assists and 2.3 steals during a 2-1 week for the Cougars . They also are named to the all-tournament team at the Juniata College Doc Greene Invitational . ... Western New England University women 's basketball junior Meghan Gilhool ( Montrose ) had eight points , six rebounds and three assists in a 75-72 victory over Emerson College . It was the fourth straight win for the Golden Bears ( 6-2 ) . ... East Stroudsburg University opened its indoor track season at the Lehigh University Fast Times meet . Junior
Pat Monahan ( North Pocono ) finished fifth in the 60-meter dash in 7.03 seconds . That was .05 off their school record in the event . Monahan also was 10th in the 200 meters in 23.36 seconds . Freshman Garth Estadt ( Lakeland ) was 17th in the 60-meter hurdles preliminaries in 9.49 seconds and 17th in the long jump at 20 feet , 4½ inches . Freshman Jordan Martz ( Riverside ) was 13th in the long jump at 15-4 and 11th in the triple jump at 32-2 .
SCOTT WALSH covers
area college athletes and teams in Local Connections .
Contact them at
swalsh @ timesshamrock.com ; 570-348-9100 ext . 5109 ; and follow them @ swalshTT on Twitter .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
NATIONAL
The South Korean military said Friday that it has found a wooden-box land mine presumed to have been swept away from North Korea due to the latest heavy rains .
A South Korean Navy unit found it on an islet near the de facto western maritime border with North Korea on Thursday during its search operation for such weapons , according to the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
In the summer , wooden-box land mines sometimes make their way south due to elevated water levels during the heavy rainy season .
The North Korean military is suspected to deliberately set mines to be washed away by the torrential rains .
( Yonhap )
A bomb squad disposed of the mine , whose detonator and explosive were found to remain intact.The military called for extra caution for nearby residents to watch out for such deadly devices . ( Yonhap )
ISLAMABAD , Dec 11 ( APP ) : Planning Commission Deputy Chairman Sartaj Aziz Monday said that China had become a reliable partner in Pakistan 's national development efforts as their relations had become a model of state-to-state relations .
Talking to a 60-member Chinese business delegation , Sartaj said that Pakistan was an ideal destination for Chinese investors due to the goodwill for Chinese and potential of investments in the China Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC ) which had changed the economic outlook of Pakistan , and that was also being acknowledged globally .
The delegation called on them here at their office .
They said that Pakistan 's macroeconomic indicators continued to solidify grounds for a sustained upward growth trajectory because key constraints impeding the economy from achieving high growth such as power supply and security situation had improved .
The gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth increased last year to a decade high of 5.3 % , they added .
Supportive policies like historic low interest rate , high infrastructure spending and better law and order , Sartaj said , had encouraged a number of firms to pursue expansion plans .
They said that the government had announced an incentive package for exporters , which would provide an opportunity to private sectors , including foreign investors , to fully benefit from it by modernizing their business processes , investing in research and development , improving human capital , seeking international certifications , and meeting quality standards .
Sartaj Aziz said the CPEC was the most important pillar of ‘ One Belt One Road ' initiative and both the countries had agreed to build roads , railways , and oil and gas pipelines under the project .
They said nine special economic zones would be built under the CPEC , which would be open for investors across the world to come and invest in their fields of interest .
They said the Chinese technical standards were widely accepted and if those were adopted in sectors like agriculture and livestock , minerals , textile , sports and surgical goods then those could become important export items for China and rest of the world .
Sartaj Aziz said the Government of Pakistan would ensure seamless security for the Chinese friends . In that regard , a special security division had been raised and same arrangement would be made for investors as well .
Deadpool has picked their poison : Marvel 's smart-ass antihero is the new “ creative director ” of Espolòn tequila — and in a clever bit of meta-marketing , he 's taking a swipe at “ Deadpool ” star Ryan Reynolds , who recently became the proud owner of a gin company .
Deadpool 's gig as a shill for Espolòn , a Mexican tequila brand distributed by Campari Group , was struck with 20th Century Fox to promote “ Deadpool 2 , ” which hits theaters nationwide May 18 . The first movie , released in 2016 , is the biggest-grossing R-rated film ever with a $ 363 million domestic take .
“ I needed the money , ” Deadpool explained in a release provided by Campari Group .
Referring to Reynolds ' acquisition of Portland-based Aviation Gin , Deadpool snarked , “ there is absolutely no reason why that Canadian gobstopper is getting all the glory . I 'm a legit superhero . He 's just some guy who 's famous thanks to those two girls and that pizza place. ” ( Deadpool has a history of making fun of Ryan Reynolds . )
Espolòn 's “ Deadpool 2 ” campaign will include custom packaging , in-store displays , out-of-home ads and social-media activations . The promos are slated to begin running in late April . “ We completely understand that Deadpool has no discernable skills as a creative director , but we have taken brave , bold chances with Espolòn marketing in the past , so what have we got to lose ? ” said Christine Moll , Campari America 's marketing director for tequilas and rums .
Related 'Deadpool 2 ' : Stuntwoman Killed on Set Identified as Pro Motorcycle Racer ‘ Deadpool 2 ' Tops Studios ' TV Ad Spending
Deadpool 's official title for Espolòn tequila , for the record , is “ Creative Director for Culture ‘ n ' Stuff . ”
Meanwhile , 20th Century Fox also has a promotional deal with Mike 's Hard Lemonade Co. for “ Deadpool 2. ” Under that partnership , the alcoholic-beverage company is releasing cans of Mike 's Harder with limited-edition “ Deadpool 2 ” collectible packaging and slogans that will be available through June . In addition , Mike 's is staging pop-up experiences — recreations of Deadpool 's watering hole , Sister Margaret 's School for Wayward Girls — at New York 's Alligator Lounge ( April 26-28 ) and L.A. 's Slipper Clutch ( May 10-12 ) .
Fox released the final trailer for “ Deadpool 2 ” on April 19 . In the sequel , Reynolds ' Deadpool , a.k.a . “ the Merc with a Mouth , ” joins forces with Zazie Beetz 's Domino and T.J. Miller 's Weasel to defeat powerful villain Cable , played by Josh Brolin . Per Fox 's official synopsis , Deadpool/Wade Wilson “ must battle ninjas , the yakuza , and a pack of sexually aggressive canines ” on their new journey .
Here 's one of the Deadpool ads for Espolòn :
ASUS ' upcoming phone will feature the Snapdragon 835 and dual cameras .
Ahead of CES , ASUS is teasing an upcoming phone in the ZenFone series that will be powered by Qualcomm 's Snapdragon 835 SoC . In a tweet , the company revealed that it will unveil a phone powered by the 10nm SoC later this week .
We 'll know more about the processor itself at Qualcomm 's keynote , which is scheduled for January 3 . ASUS ' event is slated for January 4 , which is when we 'll see this year 's ZenFone series break cover . Not much else is known about the device , but ASUS is also talking up dual cameras and virtual reality . With the event just a few days away , we 'll know more later this week . Who 's excited ?
Jhon Cuthbertson of BIC Alliance with Paul McInish and Antonio Hawk Enjoying the United Association Seminar in New Orleans
2:53 PM
Featured image : MV Cape Ray in the Persian Gulf during Operation Nautical Horizon , June 24 , 2018 . Image source : Stars and Stripes
Multiple Russian and Middle East news sources are reporting new accusations by the Iranian military that that a US ship carrying chemical weapons has recently anchored in the Persian Gulf and in engaged in a “ dangerous plot ” , though not naming the particular “ Gulf state ” territorial waters at which the ship docked .
The accusation comes just as a major seven week US military exercise , Operation Nautical Horizon , has concluded in the Persian Gulf which involved the same military transport ship that decommissioned Syria 's declared chemical weapons stockpiles .
Iran 's Press TV reported that senior Iranian military spokesperson Brigadier General Abolfazl Shekarchi said the US Navy 's MV Cape Ray vessel had docked at the coast of one of the Persian Gulf Arab countries after recently being escorted into the region by an American warship , and implied further that chemicals carried by the ship could be transferred to US-backed groups in Syria .
“ After suffering consecutive blows by the resistance front , the Americans have now resorted to dangerous ways to continue their presence in Iraq and Syria , ” Shekarchi stated , according to Iranian state-run media .
Press TV further cited the general as saying ,
“ The news proves that chemical attacks in Iraq and Syria have been engineered and led by the Americans , ” and that , “ The Western countries have used the alleged gas attacks in Syria as a pretext to target military positions inside the Arab country . ”
They said :
“ Checking the records of the US cargo vessel MV Cape Ray revealed that the vessel had been present in the coasts near Iraq and Syria , where the Americans had launched a military aggression under the pretext of the use of chemical weapons by those countries . ”
Middle East Monitor , echoing Iranian media reports , explains :
“ The official stressed that the Iranian army has accurate information on the ship 's characteristics including the number of crew and the chemical substances it carries , adding that Tehran will disclose details and objectives about the ship in the future . ”
Thus it appears Iran is preparing to bring formal charges of chemical malfeasance in the region by the US before an international body , similar to an international lawsuit it is reportedly bringing against the US as “ founders ” of ISIS , based on statements Trump previously made on the campaign trail .
Though Iranian reports that the Cape Ray vessel could be instrumental in a Syrian “ false flag ” chemical incident were not accompanied by any level of proof , and must be treated with much skepticism considering there 's a broader propaganda war currently being waged between Iran and the West , the London-based Middle East news site Middle East Monitor noted ,
“ The MarineTraffic website confirmed that the vessel has anchored in the coast of Bahrain and visited the Shuaiba port in Kuwait two days ago . ”
Indeed , Stars and Stripes confirmed the presence of the Cape Ray in the Persian Gulf during scheduled military exercises , called Nautical Horizon , which took place for seven weeks and wrapped up in late June . The Cape Ray reportedly participated in a major logistics part of the exercise off Kuwait , and which heavily involved forces from the US base Naval Support Activity Bahrain .
Iranian complaints appear to hinge on the fact that the MV Cape Ray is well-known for its central role in the 2014 destruction of Syria 's declared chemical weapons stockpile , at which time Army engineers outfitted the massive transport ship with Field Deployable Hydrolysis Systems , which broke down a reported 600 metric tons of chemical weapons materials at sea as part of a joint UN-OPCW mission , and as part of a US-Russia deal to decommission Syria 's sarin .
After the Cape Ray completed its mission of breaking down the chemical precursors to various nerve agents , the remaining raw chemical materials were reportedly incinerated at commercial facilities in the UK and Finland . Thus the ship 's entire purpose in the 2014 mission was first to render the chemical materials unusable , and then to offload the resulting compounds for final destruction as part of a deal that both the US and Russia called a success .
However , the Iranians seem to think the vessel is some kind of permanent chemical weapons transport vehicle , which it is not , though it understandably does n't sit well with Tehran that the US conducts regular war games in Iran 's own maritime backyard .
Michel Chossudovsky
The “ globalization of war ” is a hegemonic project . Major military and covert intelligence operations are being undertaken simultaneously in the Middle East , Eastern Europe , sub-Saharan Africa , Central Asia and the Far East . The U.S. military agenda combines both major theater operations and covert actions geared towards destabilizing sovereign states .
ISBN Number : 978-0-9737147-6-0
Year : 2015 Pages : 240 Pages
List Price : $ 22.95
Special Price : $ 15.00
Click here to order .
BEIJING : State councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi held talks here with the President of the 72nd session of the UN General Assembly Lechak and called for joint efforts to address global threats such as terrorism .
They said , climate change is another issue , which needed to be tackled with a collective approach . Under the current international situation , how to adhere to , improve and develop multilateralism is a growing challenge for the entire global community . Multilateralism in the new era should insist .
Aiming at cooperation and mutual benefit , a global challenge requires a global response , and one country or several countries can not do it alone .
It is even more unpopular to engage in the transfer of contradictions in the country . To achieve sustainable peace and common development in the world , we must adhere to win-win , win-win and win-win , and advocate for joint construction and sharing , they added .
It should be based on the rules of order . We must defend the purposes and principles of the UN Charter . Every country must honour its promises and fulfill its international obligations . It must not adopt the attitude of “ the rules are not used and abandoned. ” All countries must strive to align with high international standards , and of course take care of the actual situation in various regions of the country , they added .
Wang Yi went on to add : “ The principle of fairness and justice should be taken . Without pursuing justice , multilateralism can not stand ; without achieving fairness , multilateralism is not far away .
To ensure the broad and equal participation of countries in global governance , the most important thing is to expand the representation and voice of developing countries and small and medium-sized countries in international affairs .
It should be guided by effective action . Multilateralism can not stop at the verbal , but must fall on its actions . What is to be done now is that all countries jointly safeguard the international system with the UN as the core , jointly safeguard the WTO-centered international trade rules , jointly promote the resolution of regional hotspot issues through dialogue and consultation . ”
Meanwhile , a spokesperson of the Chinese Foreign Minister Lu Kang said at the weekly news briefing that the Foreign Minister Wang Yi will attend the forthcoming meeting of foreign ministers on Iranian Nuclear issue and visit Austria .
This meeting is the first foreign ministers ' meeting held by the existing participants of the comprehensive agreement on the Iranian nuclear issue under the new situation .
China , they said has always believed that the comprehensive agreement on the Iranian nuclear issue is an important achievement of multilateralism and plays an important role in safeguarding the international nuclear non-proliferation regime and maintaining peace and stability in the Middle East , in line with the common interests of the international community .
The presence of State Councilor Wang Yi showed the clear position of China to maintain the Iranian nuclear agreement .
We hope that this meeting will send a clear signal of solidarity and unite the confidence and support of the international community . China is willing to communicate closely with all parties involved to jointly promote the success of the Foreign Ministers .
Share on : WhatsApp
ISLAMABAD , Jan 2 ( APP ) : Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif
Monday said promotion of literature in the country can bring greater
understanding and inculcate a culture of tolerance among the masses .
While talking to their Adviser on National History and Literary
Heritage Irfan Siddique here at the PM House , the Prime Minister
urged making the organisations dedicated to development of arts ,
culture and literature in the country more effective .
They also called for encouraging the habit of reading among the
masses to help create a society that was more accommodating .
The Prime Minister assured provision of all resources to the
writers , poets and intellectuals for promotion of their literary
works .
The Adviser to the Prime Minister on National History and
Literary Heritage Irfan Siddique also shared with the Prime Minister
the objectives of the fourth international conference on “ Language ,
Literature and Society ” that would be held from January 5 to 8 in
Islamabad .
Grand Rapids 5 Manitoba 2
Rochester 3 Syracuse 1
Charlotte 5 Hartford 4
Laval 3 Belleville 0
Texas 6 Chicago 5
Stockton 4 Bakersfield 1
-- -
MLB Post-season
ALDS
Houston 8 Boston 0
( Astros lead series 2-0 )
Cleveland 9 New York 8 ( 13 innings )
( Indians lead series 2-0 )
NLDS
Chicago 3 Washington 0
( Cubs lead series 1-0 )
Los Angeles 9 Arizona 5
( Dodgers lead series 1-0 )
-- -
NBA Pre-season
Boston 110 Philadelphia 102
Detroit 109 Atlanta 87
Washington 104 New York 100
Indiana 106 Cleveland 102
Chicago 114 Milwaukee 101
Oklahoma City 102 New Orleans 91
Utah 112 Phoenix 101
San Antonio 113 Sacramento 93
-- -
Saturday 's Games
( All times Eastern )
CFL
Saskatchewan at Toronto , 4 p.m
Ottawa at B.C. , 7 p.m .
-- -
NHL
Colorado at New Jersey , 2 p.m .
Montreal at Washington , 7 p.m .
Detroit at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Rangers at Toronto , 7 p.m .
Nashville at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Minnesota at Carolina , 7 p.m .
Buffalo at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
Tampa Bay at Florida , 7 p.m .
Dallas at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Columbus at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Vegas at Arizona , 9 p.m .
Edmonton at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Philadelphia at Anaheim , 10 p.m .
Winnipeg at Calgary , 10 p.m .
Los Angeles at San Jose , 10:30 p.m .
-- -
AHL
Utica at Toronto , 4 p.m .
Rochester at Syracuse , 7 p.m .
Manitoba at Grand Rapids , 7 p.m .
Rockford at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Hershey at Lehigh Valley , 7:05 p.m .
Charlotte at WB/Scranton , 7:05 p.m .
Springfield at Providence , 7:05 p.m .
Bridgeport at Binghamton , 7:05 p.m .
Belleville at Laval , 7:30 p.m .
Milwaukee at Iowa , 8 p.m .
Chicago at Texas , 8 p.m .
Ontario at San Antonio , 8 p.m .
San Jose at Stockton , 9 p.m .
San Diego at Tucson , 9:05 p.m .
-- -
MLB Post-season
NLDS
Chicago Cubs ( Lester 13-8 ) at Washington ( Gonzalez 15-9 ) , 5:38 p.m .
( Cubs lead series 1-0 )
Arizona ( Ray 15-5 ) at L.A. Dodgers ( Hill 12-8 ) , 9:08 p.m .
( Dodgers lead series 1-0 )
-- -
MLS
Vancouver at New York , 5 p.m .
Sporting Kansas City at Minnesota United , 8 p.m .
FC Dallas at Colorado , 9 p.m .
-- -
NBA Pre-season
Golden State vs. Minnesota at Shanghai , 7 a.m .
Cleveland at Washington , 3 p.m .
Melbourne United at Oklahoma City , 3 p.m .
Portland at L.A. Clippers , 3:30 p.m .
Denver at San Antonio , 4 p.m .
New Orleans at Chicago , 7 p.m .
New York at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
Sacramento vs. L.A. Lakers at Paradise , NV , 9 p.m .
-- -
By The Canadian Press
A blast of winter is well underway across Northern BC as five centimetres fell late in various regions Thursday night .
According to Environment Canada , another five to ten centimetres of snow is expected for the rest of Friday with more on the way Saturday and Sunday .
“ With the setup , we are tracking essentially a stalled arctic front hanging over northern BC right now at the end of Saturday and heading into Sunday we can potentially see anywhere between 20 and 30 centimetres , ” says Cindy Yu , Environment Canada Meteorologist .
“ The current setup with the weather is coming from the northwest . So , if you 're travelling any routes in the north , the orientation from the northwest to the southeast you can see the higher amounts of snowfall . ”
Anyone travelling on Highways 16 and 97 can expect snowy conditions along the Pine Pass and head into Terrace where 20 to 30 centimetres of snow expected .
LAHORE , Apr 17 ( APP ) : Pakistani film “ Mah Mir ” of
director Anjum Shazad has been selected for biggest
Indian film festival 2017 .
Earlier , this film was nominated in the list of
Oscar film award for final selection .
Mah Mir was produced on the poetry and life of
legendary poet Mir Taqi Mir . It was first movie of
film career of Fahd Mustafa .
Eman Ali , Sanam Saeed , Ali Khan and Manzar Sehbai
have also performed in the film .
Source : BREAKING NEWS : Cde Mahofa dies | The Herald August 14 , 2017
Editor-in-Chief
THE nation has been plunged into mourning following the sudden death of Minister of State for Masvingo Provincial Affairs Cde Shuvai Ben Mahofa early this morning .
Minister of Information , Media & Broadcasting Services Dr Chris Mushohwe confirmed the sad development .
“ Minister Mahofa collapsed and was rushed to Makurira Hospital where they died around 4 am this morning , ” they said .
A veteran politician , Cde Mahofa joined the National Democratic Party in 1960 , before joining Zapu when the NDP was banned , they later moved to Zanu from 1979 , and has been a ruling party cadre till their demise .
A war collaborator during the liberation struggle , Cde Mahofa was a long-serving MP for Gutu South and has held several party and Government positions , among them Deputy Minister of Women Affairs ; and Minister of State for Masvingo Provincial Affairs , a position they held to this day .
They are survived by four children and 27 grand children .
( Details to follow )
Emergency medical crews are receiving counselling after being robbed while treating patients over the weekend in the Western Cape .
Paramedics were treating a patient in the back of an ambulance when robbers forced their way inside and stole their belongings in the southern Cape town of George on Saturday .
In a second incident on the same evening‚ emergency management services staff narrowly escaped when community members tried to get inside their ambulance at Site B in Khayelitsha‚ Cape Town . The crew managed to drive off with their patient .
EMS spokesperson Robert Daniels said both incidents were reported to the police .
“ Both crews were unharmed but are receiving counselling‚ ” they said .
“ In light of the recent jail sentence handed down after similar criminal attacks on EMS‚ we request members of the community to come forward with information so they can put a stop to these senseless attacks on emergency services‚ ” they said .
Siphelo Manunga was sentenced to a 12-year prison term in October after being convicted of robbing EMS staff in Khayelitsha . The incident took place in December 2016 when an ambulance crew were helping an injured person . Three men robbed the crew of their cellphones .
Daniels said the weekend incidents did not occur in designated “ Red Zones ” .
“ Should an area be declared a Red Zone no EMS vehicle or staff will go into the area without a police escort‚ which will result in delayed response times and delayed emergency medical care in the area‚ ” they said .
An ambulance crew transporting a seriously injured eight-year-old boy involved in a car accident were robbed at gunpoint on the N2 in Cape Town in November . The child passed away in hospital .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The 52nd Super Bowl is fast approaching , and whether you know the ins and outs of American football or not , it 's a great excuse to stay up late and get acquainted with some USA-style food and drink .
We 've called on our friends at DesignMyNight for the low-down on the best Super Bowl happenings across the UK , so you do n't miss out on any of the action .
From Quarterback platters with beer and shooters to cheerleading routines , you might want to book Monday off work .
Here 's a round-up of the best UK bars to watch the game between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles tomorrow night .
Tropicana Beach Club , London
Tropicana Beach Club is one of London 's best party bars , and they 're throwing an unabashedly-American shindig for this year 's Super Bowl .
Think giant projectors with surround sound , pre-game entertainment and performances from a Baywatch cheerleading squad .
Food and drink-wise ; there will be American-style comfort food in the form of hot dogs and burgers , as well as buckets of beer to quench your thirst .
Red Rooster , London
Red Rooster in Shoreditch is all about Southern soul food , so it 's no surprise they 're throwing a huge American bash for the Super Bowl .
They 'll have every minute of the action splashed across the big screen ( including Justin Timberlake 's half-time show ) ; and their American grub and cocktails will keep you going until the early hours of Monday morning .
Wing fanatic ? Nab a portion of their famed chicken wings and a beer for £20 .
Roadhouse , London
Roadhouse is a much-loved American bar in Covent Garden and their Super Bowl parties are the stuff of legend .
You 'll be joined by NFL London 's cheerleading squad on Sunday 4th alongside the folks behind Musical Bingo , so you need n't worry about missing out on an epic stadium atmosphere .
They 've got over 10 plasmas and super screens , and a special Super Bowl menu that 'll feature their famous Roadhouse Burger , extra large sharing platters and a special selection of American beers .
Nordic Bar , London
Put on your team 's colours and make a beeline for Nordic Bar on the 4th - they 're hosting a Super Bowl spectacular you really ca n't miss out on .
The night will kick off with a raffle draw and an NFL quiz before the game begins , and you 'll be greeted with a beer on arrival .
Hungry ? Choose from dribble-worthy platters - think sticky bourbon baby back ribs , mac ‘ n ' cheese and wings - and stay hydrated with their extensive list of cocktails and beers throughout the big game .
Super Bowl Sunday Live Screening , Manchester
It might not be Minneapolis , but Manchester235 is a Las Vegas-style casino , so it 's basically the next best place to watch Super Bowl LII .
Showing every second of the live action , they 'll be offering Quarterback and Touchdown packages comprising of beers , shooters , bets and stadium-style sharing platters .
Night owls will be pleased to know that they will stay open until the dizzying hour of 6am .
The Grand , London
If you 're after a truly atmospheric screening of the 52nd Super Bowl , you 've got to go to The Grand .
First of all , it boasts the biggest HD screen in London ( that 's 25ft wide ) , and second of all - they have another eight screens to ensure you wo n't miss a minute of the game .
Alongside a cheerleading performance there will be a DJ playing Gridiron anthems , and a huge selection of American stadium-style snacks and beers to keep you going throughout the night .
Rileys , Birmingham
Eager to find out who 's gon na win the Vince Lombardi trophy this year ?
Watch the game in true sporting style at Rileys in Birmingham .
Nab a ticket for a fiver , and you 'll be welcomed with a complimentary drink , or go the whole hog with a guaranteed seat , Super Bowl-inspired sharing platter and beer package for that all out experience .
MOJO , Liverpool
MOJO is a rock ‘ n ' roll-themed diner in the heart of Liverpool , and they 're putting on quite the display for Super Bowl Sunday .
Reserve a seat to catch the action uninterrupted , and also for the chance to properly enjoy their mouth-watering food and drink deals without the worry of losing your space in front of the TV .
( Image : Getty Images North America )
If you fancy going all-out , the Super Bowl TablePackage involves welcome drinks , and a platter of dreams with Wild Turkey BBQ wings , mac ‘ n ' cheese balls , pork Philly fries and a quesadilla .
Whether you 're gunning for the Eagles or Patriots , make sure you catch the biggest NFL game of the year at Walkabout in Glasgow .
Warming up with pre-show anthems before they show the action on a whopping 23 screens , you 'll feel like you 're at the US Bank Stadium in person .
The food menu will be packed with wings and burgers as well as ice-cold American beers .
With all that out of the way - are you ready for the good news ?
They 've teamed up with Fanatics ( that 's NFL 's official shop ) to give you the chance to win your favourite NFL team shirt once you pre-book .
For more information on where to watch the Super Bowl in London and across the UK , visit DesignMyNight and follow them on Instagram and Twitter @ DesignMyNight .
NAIROBI , Aug. 14 ( Xinhua ) -- Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta on Monday called on police officers to exercise restraint and provide protection during peaceful and lawful post-election protests in accordance with the law . Speaking for the first time since their re-election on Friday , Kenyatta called on those not happy with the outcome of the Aug. xinhuanet_en 4:55:00 PM CEST
Like an extra holiday weekend seemingly out of nowhere , the next few days ( and into next Monday , Aug. 21 ) for many music fans will take on solar significance , thanks to a rare total eclipse of the sun that will traverse the entire length of the United States . For many promoters along the path of the astronomical event , which many are calling the Great American Eclipse , it 's nothing short of a celestial revelation .
“ This is a once in a lifetime opportunity , ” says Miami-based promoter Christian Parth of Denial Events , who has chartered a yacht in Charleston for a one-off party featuring big name trance DJs called Eclipse of Denial . “ The nature , the experience , the music — we are after a more sophisticated crowd … not just club goers , but those who want to have special experiences , ” the promoter , who has done events in Ibiza and Las Vegas previously , said . From Oregon to South Carolina , new music festivals , cruises , and one-off events have sprung up to take advantage of the rare happening ( the last similar eclipse to cross America was in 1918 ) . Below is a short round-up of a few of the best musical offerings for anyone inclined to see the sun disappear during the day with a stellar soundtrack .
Oregon Eclipse Gathering ( Bend , Ore. area )
One of the first festivals to greet the eclipse in the United States is Oregon 's massive weeklong Eclipse Gathering . The musical lineup at the event , located lakeside near Bend , Ore. , boasts some 300 or so artists split between seven stages , including names such as Bassnectar , Sound Tribe Sector 9 , String Cheese Incident , The Gaslamp Killer , and many more . Think Burning Man a week early , moonchildren .
Moonfest Music Festival ( Idaho Falls , Idaho area )
The path of totality is 67 miles wide and takes the eclipse through the heart of Trump country , and accordingly , Idaho has a country music event tailor made just for Red America . Big country music names such as Midland and A Thousand Horses will be playing this weekend at Moonfest , which takes place near Idaho Falls and runs from Friday until next Monday , the day of the eclipse .
Moonstock ( St. Louis , Mo./Paducah , Ky. area )
Southern Illinois lies along the path of totality and big names such as Ozzy Osbourne will likely draw thousands of St. Louis-area hard rock and metal fans to this four-day festival , which also has locked in names such as Papa Roach , Five Finger Death Punch , and Theory of a Dead Man to entertain campers . The highlight of the event surely will come on Monday , when Ozzy is set to perform their classic “ Bark at the Moon ” as the eclipse gets underway .
Darkening of the Sun Festival ( St. Louis , Mo . area )
Members of the Northern Cherokee Nation will be onsite and “ active ” at this music festival , according to organizers , who are selling the event as an authentic spiritual gathering . Some of the tribal citizens will be in their full regalia walking throughout the festival grounds . The musical lineup leans “ jamband ” ( see Twiddle , Aaron Kamm and the One Drops , Jake 's Leg , etc . ) and seems to draw heavily on St. Louis-based talents , but also features acts from Colorado , Louisiana , and Oklahoma .
Howl at the Moon Festival ( Nashville , Tenn. area )
While this festival may lack the big names of other events , it does take place near Nashville , so you can bet at least some of the bands might be good . Howl at the Moon describes their weekend event as an “ exciting global countdown to the eclipse , with food , drink , camping in a natural , outdoor , Woodstock-type , three-day , once-in-a-lifetime event , ” featuring “ indie ” bands such as Sleep Nation , Stealing Oceans , and Sunny St. James . Also , Jack White 's Third Man Records will host an eclipse-related happening on Monday called “ Occulting the Sunn , ” an event celebrating the total solar eclipse featuring New Orleans musician and inventor Quintron 's Weather Warlock , a large analog synthesizer controlled completely by the weather . More information can be found here .
Eclipse of Denial ( departs from Charleston , S.C . )
Miami 's Christian Parth and Yasmin Coltellacci , the founders of nightlife brand Denial Events , have cooked up perhaps the best way to see the Eclipse as it leaves America on Monday : an exclusive yacht party . Electronic music names such as Markus Schulz , Emma Hewitt , Grube & Hovsepian , and Dave Sol will entertain guests out at sea ( the yacht leaves from Charleston , S.C. ) , and the promoters promise “ production and sound fit for a festival main stage ” on the vessel as the day turns into night for over two minutes on Monday .
Total Eclipse Cruise ( departs from Orlando , Fla . )
Multi-platinum selling artists DNCE will also be out at sea on Monday , playing a special show for Royal Caribbean 's “ Total Eclipse Cruise. ” While the seven-day long cruise on the cruise lines ' “ Oasis of the Seas ” ship is not explicitly music related , on Monday , Joe Jonas and co. surely will have this big boat rockin ' and a few guests potentially “ Kissing Strangers ” as the moon crosses the sun way out over the Atlantic . “ Eclipse Cake by the Ocean , ” anyone ?
Savannah Voice Festival ( Savannah , Ga. area )
Even though Savannah is not 100 % in the path of totality , it 's 97 % there , so close enough for many travelers . And for fans of music not of the “ loud ” persuasion , opera lovers will rejoice this weekend at Savannah 's annual Voice Festival . Saturday night , “ The Barber of Seville ” is on tap , sung in Italian with English translations . Sunday , they perform “ Opera Scenes and Songs , ” a selection of favorite scenes , and Monday , the studio performers present “ Opera Idol , ” during which they will compete for prizes . Maria Zouves , Savannah Voice Festival 's executive director , will also have 20 opera singers on the rooftop of the Westin Savannah Harbor Golf Resort & Spa on Monday afternoon ( with eclipse glasses on ) singing “ O Sole Mio ” ( “ My Sun ” ) as the sun slinks away for a few glorious minutes of daytime darkness .
Members of the small but growing shoal of mermaids and mermen in Brazil are getting a little worried and irate .
Until now , they 've been able to slip happily into their brightly colored tails and glide away through the water without much attention from the outside world , beyond the odd chuckle or ripple of applause .
Now `` mermaiding '' — or `` sereismo '' as it 's known in Brazil — is growing more popular , thanks partly to a smash-hit TV soap opera and the theme song that accompanied it .
The spread of the hobby is attracting warnings from safety agencies who believe that swimming around dressed as a glamorous sea creature from ancient mythology can involve the real and present danger of drowning .
These alarm bells have upset one person , in particular . Mirella Ferraz , 34 , says they are Brazil 's first professional mermaid , and a pioneer of the pastime in their country . For her , mermaiding was a `` childhood dream '' and a `` passion '' that they conceived at a time when nobody wore a tail .
Ferraz accuses a recently launched campaign that highlights the risks of `` mermaiding '' of spreading falsehoods and of `` demonizing '' the mermaid 's skin . `` They also say that with the tail , you ca n't float . It 's a lie . It is buoyant , '' they say .
The dispute 's attracting considerable interest in Brazil . The widely respected daily newspaper Folha de São Paulo this week illustrated the story with a front-page photograph of a long-haired , bearded man , sitting by a pool in a big golden mermaid tail , looking vaguely disgruntled .
They are not , in fact , a mermaid but the male variant : Triton , the half-human , half-fish son of the ancient sea god Poseidon , a notoriously bad-tempered Greek deity .
For years , tiny numbers of people have been mermaiding around the world . Interest in Brazil swelled recently , thanks to a telenovela , A Força de Querer that was broadcast nationwide last year and topped the ratings . ( The show has been broadcast in English as Edge of Desire . )
The soap 's theme song `` Sereia '' ( `` Mermaid '' ) is by Roberto Carlos , a gravel-voiced 76-year-old Brazilian superstar known by their multitude of fans as `` The King . ''
The video of Carlos ' song features one of the telenovela 's actores , Ísis Valverde , swimming joyously around the ocean depths in a giant orange mermaid tail , with their locks flowing , amid shoals of tropical fish and shafts of sunlight . It 's attracted more than 7 million views on YouTube .
Valverde was trained by Ferraz , the professional mermaid . Ferraz believes , thanks in part to the telenovela , more than 1,000 Brazilians are mermaiding these days .
They base this estimate on the rising sale of tails . Statistics do not reflect the number of Brazilians who might be keen to do a little mermaiding but are deterred by the price . A decent mermaid tail can cost upwards of $ 1,200 .
The safety campaign that 's angered Ferraz was launched by Inmetro , a Brazilian government institute that monitors products for quality and safety . It issued an alert , saying research into mermaid skins found them very appealing to children , but with a `` grave risk '' of drowning . It points out that mermaid tails confine your legs , which makes it difficult to stand up in a pool — something Ferraz also disputes .
Inmetro 's concerns are shared by others , including Dr. Renata Waksman , of the Brazilian Pediatrics Society . They say they have seen videos of girls trying to stand in mermaid tails in a swimming pool , and slipping . `` Then they get frightened , '' they say . `` That 's where the danger lies , especially if there is n't an adult nearby who is really attentively monitoring what this child is doing . ''
Authorities in Australia have also warned of the risks of swimming with mermaid tails .
`` You need to know what you are doing , '' says Thaís Picchi , a `` mermaiding '' instructor in Brazil 's capital Brasilia . `` Never swim with a mermaid tail alone . And you need to know how to swim . ''
You have to be extra careful in the sea , says Picchi : `` We can not mermaid with waves . It 's not safe . ''
Picchi adds : `` There are a lot of safety issues to be aware of . On the other hand , we do n't know of any situation where someone drowned because of a mermaid tail . So why are people talking so much about it ? ''
There are other questions . Why not just stay on land , and save your mermaid costume for this month 's carnival ? Why go mermaiding at all ? What 's the appeal ?
Picchi cites an `` ancestral appeal '' of mermaids , and also the Disney movie The Little Mermaid : `` Everyone watched The Little Mermaid when we were kids . ''
They add : `` A lot of people love mermaiding because it is a fantasy , like a child 's dream . They feel different . There are powerful things about mermaids . They are free , autonomous , and they take care of the ocean . ''
Let 's hope they can also take care of themselves .
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world . Education tells us that how can we live in a society . In the past , women did not receive any education at all . They were not allowed to come out of the four walls of their houses . Domestic works were their only education . In this era there is no difference between men and women . Also women have the same respect as men have . But instead of this there are so many people who do not want to educate their women because they think that women do not need education . They think that women are expected to take care of everyone except themselves . They have to take care of the children , clean up the house , and be the self-denying wife and mother . They only think that the life of a woman is all about getting married , having children and being bombarded by unimportant details of domesticity . But they do n't understand that education is very important for women not only for them but for a whole family . Rate of women literacy is rising exponentially in urban areas . But there has n't been much improvement in rural areas . Women across Pakistan should get equal opportunities . If the women are educated , they can solve all the problems of their houses . It is said that whenever a man gets education it is only useful for them but whenever a woman gets education it is useful for whole family . An educated woman gives an educated family and an educated family can make society better . We ca n't imagine a good society without the education of women .
Abdullah Mughal
Lahore
Related
Email Address : Password :
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site .
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use . Security features have been integrated on this site : If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in , the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time .
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization , contact Tracy Bumba .
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party , contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password .
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
John O'Korn is down to their last shot as a college quarterback , and oddly enough , this time it feels like the pressure is off .
O'Korn will lead No . 7 Michigan this weekend against Michigan State and , it appears , for at least a couple of weekends after that as Wilton Speight recovers from an injury . O'Korn has the luxury of having the nation 's most statistically stifling defense on their side . They have the benefit of taking over an offense that has been underwhelming when it comes to finishing drives through the first third of the season . Their description of a job well done is as simple as it 's been through four-plus eventful years of college football : win games .
When it became clear that O'Korn would take the reins at Michigan for the time being , their father , a former high school head coach in central Pennsylvania , had a question for him .
`` What 's your juice ? What 's your long-term juice ? '' they asked . In other words , what 's going to keep you focused and motivated during a prolonged stretch on the field ?
O'Korn 's juice when they stepped in for Speight to finish the Wolverines ' last win against Purdue with 270 passing yards was abundantly clear to anyone who saw them play . They followed up several big plays and touchdown drives by spinning toward the Purdue sideline , locating co-offensive coordinator Tony Levine and hollering . After the game , they said head coach Jim Harbaugh had to calm them down a couple of times and that beating their old coach was a gratifying , redemptive moment even if they did n't get another shot to play this season .
John O'Korn threw for 270 yards with a touchdown pass and an interception against Purdue . Photo by Michael Allio/Icon Sportswire
Levine and O'Korn met at Houston in 2013 . O'Korn threw for more than 3,000 yards and won their league 's rookie of the year award while leading the Cougars to an 8-5 record . Their numbers deteriorated as a sophomore as Levine worked future starter Greg Ward into the lineup more often . Within a couple of months , O'Korn went from watch lists for national postseason awards to a seat on the bench . It shattered their confidence and later made them feel that the blame for the end of Levine 's tenure in Houston was wrongly put on their shoulders .
`` I felt at times like I was the scapegoat at Houston for a lot of things that were going on within the program , '' they said this summer . `` That will shake an 18-year-old kid , you know ? ''
O'Korn transferred to Michigan for a second chance and sat out a year while learning from their old friend and fellow St. Thomas Aquinas graduate Jake Rudock before hitting their next setback . O'Korn lost a battle for the starting job they were expected to win in 2016 . Confidence was still an issue . So was the idea that they had to prove they were good , rather than proving they could run a good offense .
The next chance came last November when Speight was sidelined with a shoulder injury . Their `` juice '' that day was what they saw as their `` Cardale Jones moment . '' They had watched the Ohio State quarterback come off the bench the previous year and show off a big arm en route to a national title . O'Korn was now in the middle of a team clinging to College Football Playoff hopes and wanted to make a big splash .
The pressure hurt him . The weather did n't help either on a snowy day in Ann Arbor . They broke one long , momentum-shifting run in the second half that helped Michigan beat Indiana , but to most their performance through the air served as a reminder of why Speight won the job in training camp .
`` I would 've liked to get a few throws back from that game , '' O'Korn said with almost a full year of hindsight . `` I think maybe I pressed a little too much , tried to make the big play a little too much instead of just letting things come to me . ''
It did n't seem then that he 'd get another shot at being remembered as more of the quarterback who showed great promise as a first-year student than the guy who eventually lost their job the following year . But they managed to hang on to their No . 2 spot on the depth chart this summer and now has one more opening to prove himself .
There are plenty of motivational narratives for O'Korn in the coming weeks -- plenty of ways that they can put themselves in the protagonist role of a comeback story . Michigan State is a heated rival . After that they get another shot at Indiana , the team that robbed them of their Cardale Jones moment . Then comes a trip to Penn State , a half-hour down the road from their childhood home . The O'Korns grew up cheering for the Nittany Lions , and John was considering playing there before Penn State 's former staff decided to go with Christian Hackenberg in that recruiting class .
Those storylines would have filled O'Korn 's head and heaped pressure on them in past years . They wormed their way into their thinking against Purdue as well . Now they have to show that they can move beyond that . With time and maturation behind them -- and the bonus of a bit of breathing room in front of them thanks to Speight 's extended time on the sideline -- they have a chance to keep their focus elsewhere . Their job is simple : win games .
This time it 's not about him . If this time is going to be different , that 'll have to be their juice .
In recent weeks , several high-profile incidents have been blamed on infrastructural elements of an increasingly frequent scapegoat : the Internet .
U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May made a call to renege on human rights and “ regulate ” cyberspace . Australia has insisted to surveillance alliance Five Eyes that encryption must be compromised in the name of safety .
Politicians — and public opinion — are beginning to slowly turn against parts of the Internet , from encryption to bots , without considering the fact that the tools themselves are not bad . It is how people use them that can be problematic .
Policymakers ' animus against the Internet is n't new : it 's part of a long trend of suspicion about this medium that challenges all media . Their feelings towards regulation of the web are often muddied by broader trends of political ambivalence towards the actual mechanics of the web .
Recently , Australian Prime Minister Malcom Turnbull said , “ the laws of mathematics are very commendable , but the only law that applies in Australia is the law of Australia ” .
Statements like this are striking examples of how politicians like Turnbull stubbornly refuse to learn about the infrastructure of the internet before claiming to know how to solve the problems that result from its complexities .
Such accusations , similar to recent blanket indictments by politicians against the political use of bots , fail to recognize one important fact : regulation should not be levied against tools themselves , but against particular uses . For instance , calls to ban bots of social media miss the fact that these automated software mechanisms allow for myriad positive , and even benign , activities such as queuing posts .
Politicians like Turnbull stubbornly refuse to learn about the infrastructure of the internet before claiming to know how to solve the problems that result from its complexities .
While social bots and encryption can allow for the ability to , say , anonymize communication , it is people that use anonymity for means either democratic or repressive , legal or criminal . Our team 's research at the University of Oxford has found that while a variety of political actors have used social bots in efforts to manipulate public opinion , some governments have overreacted to the technology rather than the usage .
What we need is more complex conversations , and sensible policy , about how to minimize negative aspects of digital anonymity while still maintaining the Internet 's essence as a free-information medium that can benefit society .
State based efforts to manipulate political online communication are very worrying . Freedom House 's last global survey of Internet censorship found that freedom on the Internet declined for the sixth year in a row . Governments , and powerful corporate entities , are consistently limiting democratic aspects of the web .
It would be a grave mistake for politicians to continue this trend of minimizing freedom online . The entropy unleashed by new levels of access to information is an event that has historical precedents that we should observe and learn from while we still have the chance .
Nate Silver , for instance , has pointed out that the original information revolution began with the invention of the printing press in 1440 .
“ The amount of information was increasing much more rapidly than our understanding of what to do with it , ” writes Silver , “ Paradoxically , the result of having so much more shared knowledge was increasing isolation along national and religious lines. ” Our current predicament is markedly similar .
In 2015 , the Economist compared the invention of the smartphone to that of the printed book . A recent study by the International Data Corporation found that the total amount of data generated every year , the “ digital universe ” , will approximately double every year from 2005 to 2020 .
The digital dam has cracked—the deluge of information holds promise and peril—but we are in a unique position to choose order over chaos . It is only natural that we are having trouble navigating this overflow of information , but it would be wrong to regard this predicament , or the tools associated with it , as the exclusive problem .
In a 2012 report the National Intelligence Council said that individual empowerment could prove a solution to society 's greatest plights . To turn against the tools that make the Internet a free information medium would undermine the positive side of individual empowerment .
This side enables innovations like Taiwan 's anti-fake news bot or bots that combat the isolation of echo chambers online , it enables individuals to keep their bank details and health information secret , and it encourages entrepreneurs to drive positive societal innovations .
The need for carefully considered data and Internet policy is , however , indisputable . Tim Berners Lee has suggested that giving consumers the right to own their data and regulating online advertising would be good starts . To wantonly call for regulation that infringes on human rights , however , will in the end result in less safe—and information rich—society .
We must ask ourselves , what aspects of the Internet are intrinsic to democracy and are they divisible from those necessary for control ? Freedom of speech and the right to privacy are essential to democracy and need to be preserved online . When it comes to harm , and specifically to one 's right to free speech infringing upon another citizen 's well-being or rights , we must establish boundaries .
There is a profusion of data about known disinformation or terrorist recruiting campaigns online—social media companies must be more open with this information . Sharing it with researchers could allow for solutions to be developed while preventing overregulation or outright public sharing of proprietary knowledge . Another long-term solution is to keep democratic values in mind while designing new technologies . As John Markoff writes , “ how we design our increasingly autonomous machines will determine the nature of our society and our economy ” .
We 're currently living in a time digital strategists have deemed the data wild west . The next decade the data policies set could determine the basis of digital rights for the foreseeable future . Reason is most useful at times when it seems least reasonable – we would do well to approach digital problems with nuanced solutions and informed policy that ensure liberal democracy within the digital sphere .
Featured Image : JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images
Islamabad
The Institution of Engineers , Pakistan , Rawalpindi-Islamabad Center ( IEP-RIC ) here on Saturday arranged an interactive seminar for professional growth of the young engineers in field of air-conditioning .
The resource person , an eminent expert Engr . Muhammad Riaz Baig gave an overview of modern air conditioning systems at the seminar that was largely attended by the young graduates .
It was the part of series of events of professional development being arranged by the IEP-RIC on regular basis , empowering the young engineers to play their productive role in the country 's socio-economic development .
The role of the engineering community is highly important for quality construction and infrastructure development and such events will help them to deliver the best in their respective fields , said Chairman IEP-RIC Engr . Hafiz M. Ehsanul Haq Qazi in their opening remarks .
The seminar was also addressed by the Center 's Vice President Engr . Dr. Atta Ullah Shah and Secretary Engr . Shafiqur Rehman . Dr. Atta emphasized that the youth should adopt an inter-disciplinary approach in their educational pursuits to deliver the best in practical field .
Muhammad Riaz Baig , who enjoys rich experience in the field and had worked in the World 's largest oil company , Aramco in Saudi Arabia over 33 years spoke in detail about the air-conditioning technology , underlined the need that it should be environment friendly and help in energy-saving .
They said , like many other engineering fields , Heating Ventilation and Air Conditioning ( HVAC ) is undergoing into continuous development/innovation , driven by Energy/Budgeting constraints , carbon footprints , Ozone depletion , global warming and increasing HVAC demands .
Over the past 20 years , they said Pakistan has seen tremendous growth in this area while more and more high rise and midrise buildings are coming up putting extra ordinary stress on the country 's energy supplies .
More and more qualified engineering personnel are required who understands the subject , relating codes and standards to face the challenge , they stressed .
They pointed out that ASHRAE ( American Society of Heating , Refrigerating and Air Conditioning Society is the sole world body overlooking/developing the relating standards with the slogan “ Shaping tomorrow 's built environment today ” and having over 55000 members worldwide .
Pakistan has three chapters , i.e . Pakistan , Central and northern Pakistan trying to spread the HVAC relating knowledge . HVAC itself is very vast field interfacing/involving almost every engineering field . This presentation will cover an overview of various systems which are currently being used while still undergoing continues development .
The talks also followed question-answer session , that was relevant to Pakistan 's perspective in the development new technology in the electronic field.—INP
With June around the corner , a fresh round of shows and movies will soon arrive on Netflix , Hulu , and Amazon .
Netflix kicks off the month with some fan favorites for the first blistering hot days of the summer with “ National Treasure , ” “ Marvel Studios ' Thor : Ragnarok , ” and “ Star Wars : The Last Jedi. ” Several binge-worthy shows will be returning for viewers for another season , including “ Glow ” Season 2 , “ Marvel 's Luke Cage ” Season 2 , and the “ Sense8 ” season finale .
Hulu offers its own dish of classics , including “ Apocalypse Now , ” “ Carrie , ” and “ The Good , the Bad and the Ugly. ” Those looking for to finish out the shows they 've been keeping up with have third season finales for “ Reign , ” “ Penny Dreadful , ” and “ Faking It . ”
Amazon rounds out the month with some comedy flicks , including “ The Disaster Artist , ” “ Nacho Libre , ” and the entire “ Leprechaun ” franchise . Fans of “ Babylon 5 ” and “ Rescue Me ” will find they can rewatch both series all the way through as well .
NETFLIX
June 1
Assassination Games
Blue Jasmine
Busted ! : Season Finale
Related Netflix 's Ted Sarandos on the Streamers ' Cannes Film Festival Debut Best Buy to Start Selling Toshiba Fire TVs in June , Starting at $ 330
Disney 's 101 Dalmatians
George Balanchine 's The Nutcracker
They Named Me Malala
Joseph Campbell and the Power of Myth
Just Friends
Miracle
National Treasure
Nick and Norah 's Infinite Playlist
November 13 : Attack on Paris
Outside In
Righteous Kill
Rumor Has It
Singularity
Taking Lives
Terms and Conditions May Apply
The Boy
The Covenant
The Departed
The Prince & Me 4 : The Elephant Adventure
June 2
The King 's Speech
June 3
The Break with Michelle Wolf ( Streaming every Sunday )
June 5
Marvel Studios ' Thor : Ragnarok
June 7
Hyori 's Bed & Breakfast : Season 2 ( Streaming every Thursday )
The Night Shift : Season 4
June 8
Alex Strangelove
Ali 's Wedding
Marcella : Season 2
Sense8 : The Series Finale
The Hollow
The Staircase
Treehouse Detectives
June 9
Wynonna Earp : Season 2
June 10
Portlandia : Season 8
June 14
Cutie and the Boxer
Marlon : Season 1
June 15
La Hora Final
Lust Stories
Maktub
Queer Eye : Season 2
Set It Up
Step Up 2 : The Streets
Sunday 's Illness
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus
The Range : Part 5
True : Magical Friends
True : Wonderful Wishes
Voltron : Legendary Defender : Season 6
June 16
Grey 's Anatomy : Season 14
June 17
Club de Cuervos presenta : La balada de Hugo Sanchez
Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . : Season 5
June 18
Encerrados
June 19
Hannah Gadsby : Nanette
June 22
Brain on Fire
Cooking on High
Derren Brown : Miracle
Heavy Rescue : 401 : Season 2
Marvel 's Luke Cage : Season 2
Us and Them
June 23
Tarzan
June 24
To Each , Them Own ( Les Goûts et les couleurs )
June 25
Hotel Transylvania : Season 1
June 26
Secret City
Star Wars : The Last Jedi
Kamau Bell : Private School Negro
June 29
Churchill 's Secret Agents : The New Recruits
GLOW : Season 2
Harvey Street Kids
Kiss Me First
La Foret
La Pena Maxima
Nailed It ! : Season 2
Paquita Salas : Season 2
Recovery Boys
TAU
June 30
Fate/EXTRA Last Encore : Oblitus Copernican Theory
Mohawk
HULU
June 1
Race for the White House – Complete Series
America 's Got Talent : Season 11 Premiere
Apocalypse Now
Apocalypse Now Redux
Carrie
Criminal Law
CSNY : Déjà vu
Death Wish 2
Double Whammy
Foolish
The Golden Child
The Good , The Bad and The Ugly
Ground Control
Hammett
Heartburn
In & Out
Iron Eagle IV : On the Attack
Maya & Marty in Manhattan
Midnight in Paris
The Million Dollar Hotel
Mulholland Falls
One From the Heart
The Presidio
The Rage – Carrie 2
Runaway Bride
Six Degrees of Separation
Sleepover
Southland : Season 1-5
Switchback
The Black Stallion
Trading Mom
Ulee 's Gold
Wayne 's World
June 2
Master Chef : Season 7
June 3
All Access : Quest For The Stanley Cup
Ben Gleib : Neurotic Gangster : Series Premiere
La Seleccion : Season 2 Premiere
Rizzoli & Isles : Complete Season 6
Rules of Attraction
June 4
Love & Mercy Woman In Gold
June 5
Life or Debt : Season 1 Finale
June 6
The Cokeville Miracle
June 7
Casual : Season 2 Premiere
Faking It : Season 3 Finale
60 Minutes Sports : New Episode Premiere
June 8
Family Therapy : Season 1 Finale ( VH1 )
June 10
Burning Man
Meet the Hitlers
Zou – Complete Second Season
June 11
They Named Me Malala
Showtime Championship Boxing : Ruslan Provodnikov vs. John Molina Jr .
June 12
Bar Rescue : Season 4 Finale
House of Lies : Season 5 Finale
Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell : Complete Season 2
June 13
Famous : Series Premiere
Regular Show : New Episodes
June 14
Awkward : Season 5 Finale
Ink Master : Season 7 Finale
Spartan : Ultimate Team Challenge : Series Premiere
The League : Complete Season 7
June 15
Addicted to Fresno
Crazy About Tiffany 's
In A Perfect World
To Tell the Truth : Series Premiere
Uncle Buck : Series Premiere
June 16
Married : Season 2
The Real World : Go Big or Go Home : Season 31 Finale
June 17
Home Free
June 19
Penny Dreadful : Season 3 Finale
Sleeping With Other People
We Bare Bears : Complete Season 1
June 20
The Good Wife : Complete Season 7
Reign : Season 3 Finale
June 22
La Viuda Negra II : Season Finale
Stand Up Guys
June 24
Elaine Stritch – Shoot Me
June 25
Showtime Championship Boxing : Anthony Joshua vs. Dominic Breazeale
June 26
Ray Donovan : Season 4 Premiere
Rick and Morty : Complete Season 2
Roadies : Series Premiere
June 27
$ 100,000 Pyramid : Series Premiere
Celebrity Family Feud : Season 2 Premiere
Match Game : Series Premiere
June 28
Banished : Complete Season 1
DCI Banks : Complete Season 4
Houdini & Doyle : Season 1 Finale
Not Safe with Nikki Glaser– New Episodes
AMAZON
June 1
1492 : Conquest Of Paradise
2 Days In The Valley
Allan Quatermain And The Lost City Of Gold
All Or Nothing : New Zealand All Blacks : Season 1
As Good As Dead
August Rush
Babylon 5 : Seasons 1-5
Bad Lieutenant : Port Of Call New Orleans
Beer For My Horses
Beowulf
Black Widow ( AKA : Before It Had a Name )
Blitz
Blood And Glory
Blue Like Jazz
Breakdown
Burnt Offerings
Cavedweller
Chinese Box
Clown At Midnight
Command Performance
Danger Zone
Day Of The Dead
Doctor Zhivago
Dog Watch
Double Identity
Double Jeopardy
Dreams And Memories Of Where The Red Fern Grows
Drop Zone
Escape From Alcatraz
Event Horizon
Flickers
Forces Of Nature
Flood
Hans Christian Andersen : My Life As A Fairytale
Hard Rain
Harley-Davidson And The Marlboro Man
House Of D
I Am David
Ladies Man
Leprechaun
Leprechaun 2
Leprechaun 3
Leprechaun 4 : In Space
Leprechaun 5 : In The Hood
Leprechaun 6 : Back 2 Tha Hood
Leprechaun : Origins
Mousehunt
Mutant Species
Nacho Libre
Nurse 3D
Panic
Rare Birds
Religulous
Rescue Me : Seasons 1-9
Revenge Of The Pink Panther
Ring Of Fire
Saturday Night Fever
Serving Sara
Space Jam
Stanley & Iris
Survivor
Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber Of Fleet Street
Tamara
Tears Of The Sun
The 4th Floor
The Age Of Innocence
The Ant Bully
The Ashram
The ‘ Burbs
The Care Bears Movie
The Disaster Artist
The Eye 2
The Frozen Ground
The Iceman
The Natural
The Pink Panther Strikes Again
The Running Man
The Young Karl Marx
Tilt
Universal Soldier
Vampire In Brooklyn
The Waltons : Seasons 1-9
War , Inc .
Wonder Wheel
June 3
Lady Bird
Max 2 : White House Hero
Stargate
June 5
Lions For Lambs
June 8
Lost In Oz : Season 1
June 9
Braven
Precious
Simon Says
June 15
Goliath : Season 2
June 16
Nostalgia
Transformers : The Last Knight
June 18
Suits : Season 7
June 26
Shutter Island
If You Give A Mouse A Cookie : Season 1
June TBD
A Very English Scandal : Season 1
Wisconsin took another lump Monday when the Badgers learned that first-year student guard Kobe King will miss the remainder of the season with a knee injury .
King will undergo knee surgery Monday , the school announced . They played in each of the Badgers ' first 10 games this season before missing this past Saturday 's loss to rival Marquette .
Sophomore point guard D'Mitrik Trice was already scheduled to have surgery on their foot Monday . Trice is not expected to return until mid-January at the earliest .
Trice was averaging 9.4 points per game while starting at point guard for the struggling Badgers ( 4-7 ) before their injury last week . King scored 5.2 points per game and averaged 19 minutes of playing time for a backcourt that is short on experience this season . Freshman Brad Davison took over Trice 's role running the offense during a 19-point loss to Marquette .
Wisconsin has lost four of its past five games . The rough start may put the team 's 19-year streak of NCAA tournament appearances in jeopardy . Only four schools -- Michigan State , Duke , North Carolina and Kansas -- have made more consecutive appearances in the tournament 's history .
Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper are about to go where Judy Garland and Barbra Streisand have gone before .
Filming began Monday on “ A Star Is Born , ” the latest remake of the the oft-made story of two celebrities who meet when one 's star is on the rise and the other 's is waning . To commemorate the occasion , Warner Bros. released the first image from the movie , which has Gaga wailing into a microphone while Cooper , guitar in hand , looks on admiringly .
Gaga is being billed as Stefani Germanotta , their real name , and the film marks their first leading role in a major motion picture . It also represents Cooper 's directorial debut .
Cooper will play Jackson Maine , a country music star who discovers a talented unknown named Ally ( Germanotta ) . As Ally 's career quickly eclipses their own , Jack struggles to accept that their best days may be behind him , putting a strain on their budding romance .
Previous versions of the film include the 1937 classic with Fredric March and Janet Gaynor as Hollywood stars , the beloved 1954 George Cukor musical version with Garland and James Mason , and the financially successful , if slightly campy , 1976 update with Streisand and Kris Kristofferson as rockers . That one is best known for Streisand 's torch song “ Evergreen ” and for their exuberant perm .
At one point , Clint Eastwood flirted with remaking the film with Cooper and Beyonce . Gaga has composed and will perform original songs in the movie . The two head a cast that also includes Andrew Dice Clay and Sam Elliott . The film hits theaters on Sept. 28 , 2018 .
Ketoboost forskolin Impression of longing for . Why Is Ketoboost forskolin Good ? There is a noteworthy qualification between weight control and weight diminishment , for people who need to use the formula in both of two desires the obsession will work . A man who uses the thing routinely and has a normal weight for their age and height can make usage of the formula , this will help them to stay and to stay aware of a .
http : //www.sexual4facts.com/ketoboost-forskolin/
U.S. Army Paratroopers assigned to the 173rd Airborne Brigade , 54th Brigade Engineer Battalion and Italian Army soldiers from the 8 Reggimento Genio Guastatori Brigata Paracadutisti Folgore assemble a Medium Girder Bridge near Rovigo , Italy , Feb. 13 , 2017 . The MGB is a deck type , two girder bridge system , providing a 4 meter ( 13ft 2in ) wide roadway that can be expeditiously assembled with minimal support . The 173rd Airborne Brigade , based in Vicenza , Italy , is the U.S. Army Contingency Response Force in Europe , capable of projecting forces to conduct the full range of military operations across the United States European , Central and Africa Commands areas of responsibility .
photo by graigg faggionato
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.13.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 05:08 Photo ID : 3166690 VIRIN : 170213-A-KP807-149 Resolution : 2500x1668 Size : 461.41 KB Location : TRECENTA , IT Web Views : 1 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Medium Girder Bridge , 173rd Airborne Brigade,54th Brigade Engineer Battalion , Rovigo 2017 [ Image 1 of 11 ] , by Graigg Faggionato , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DES PERES , MO ( KPLR ) – Several car thefts and break-in 's are under investigation in a Des Peres neighborhood
Des Peres police said early Tuesday morning residents in a neighborhood near Lindeman and Manchester woke up to find their cars missing or items missing from them .
Police said two cars were reported stolen and two other cars had items stolen from them .
One car has been found in north St. Louis .
The police believe all of the cars were left unlocked and it appears to be a crime of opportunity .
Staff Reporter
A Sunday picnic turned into a horrific tragedy as six of a family were burnt to death while five others were injured as their van caught fire in Garden area of the city .
Rescue officials said at least six people , including children , were burnt to death and five wounded when their van caught fire early Sunday morning in Garden area near the zoo .
As the van caught fire , passersby began dousing the flames themselves and rescued the trapped passengers .
Police officials said the van 's gas cylinders are intact and believe short-circuiting could be behind the fire . However , they were yet to determine the exact nature of the fire as investigations are under way .
The van 's passengers – 11 in total – were on the way to a picnic , according to the injured family members . There were four children inside the van when it burst into flames .
The deceased include three men , two women and one child . Two volunteer relief workers and two van passengers including 17-year-old Maryam and eight-year-old Shehroze were among the injured .
The volunteers have been discharged from the hospital after medical aid whereas the other two are still under treatment . The driver suspiciously fled the scene and is nowhere to be found , according to police officials .
Officials at the scene explained that four of the van 's passengers were pulled out in time , but added that they have suffered severe injuries and have been shifted to Jinnah Hospital .
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jimmy Murphy was the man who held Manchester United together in their darkest hour .
After the Munich Air Disaster , assistant boss Murphy faced the task of planning a future for a club that had endured the deaths of EIGHT stars and three key members of their backroom staff .
Eight other players were injured — some of them never played again .
Murphy missed the trip to Belgrade that included the fateful refuelling stop in Munich as they were away in charge of the Welsh national team .
But with Tuesday 's 60th anniversary of the crash , new book JIMMY MURPHY : THE MAN WHO KEPT THE RED FLAG FLYING , by Wayne Barton , provides an incredible insight into the aftermath of the disaster .
THE names of those players who were already confirmed as dead were relayed to him . Matt Busby was gravely ill , and fighting for their life . So too was Duncan Edwards .
Others were in a critical condition . “ I was like a man living through a nightmare waiting to wake up , ” Jimmy said . “ I locked the door , put my head on the desk and wept like a child . ”
Jimmy did n't sleep ; they remained in their office throughout the night , ­waiting for news , and sitting , ­catatonic , with a bottle of whiskey and their bag of oranges . The bottle was full when they arrived back at Old Trafford . It was empty , 12 hours later at 4am , when Jimmy left to go home .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
“ He talks about losing those hours where they went into the office and drunk a bottle of whiskey and had a cry , ” says their son , Jimmy Murphy Jr .
“ He went in and came out of the ­office as a different man . They had ­remarkable inner strength. ” They were just about able to make the plane later that day to Munich , with ­families of the victims , including Busby 's wife Jean and their daughter and son . As they landed at the ­airport , Jimmy shuddered as they ­observed the remnants of the ­wreckage which were still present .
Jimmy was initially hesitant but was approached by one of the ­nursing sisters . In their limited ­English , they were able to tell Jimmy that ­Duncan Edwards , between gasps of breath , had been asking for their watch . They were insistent it had been stolen ; the sister had tried to reassure them that they were wearing no watch when they were brought in . One of the rescue team had found the watch and given it her ; they passed it to Jimmy . It was beyond repair .
In a heartbreaking scene , Jimmy went to Duncan 's bedside , and put the watch back on to their wrist . ­Feeling the touch , Duncan 's eyes flickered , and showed recognition of who was with him . Duncan struggled to speak , so Jimmy moved closely towards their mouth so they could hear .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
“ I sat with them a while , and then they turned their head , it was the ­saddest thing I 've ever seen or been a part of , ” Jimmy said . “ He turned and said , ‘ Oh it 's you Jimmy . ' I said ‘ yes ' . I had to put my head to their mouth . They said , ‘ What time 's kick-off tomorrow ? ' ”
Jimmy told him , with a desperately sad smile and tears falling down their cheeks . “ Get stuck in , ” Duncan ­whispered . The boy slipped back out of consciousness while Jimmy held their hand .
“ You 've got your watch back , ­Duncan , ” they said .
Jimmy moved from Duncan 's ­bedside and went into the corridor , where they found a stairwell ; they sat on the stairs and cried .
“ Clearly they were horrendously shaken , utterly demoralised , but they put on a brave show and tried to joke for our benefit , ” said crash survivor Bill Foulkes . “ I remember going out to the toilet and seeing poor Jimmy sitting up all hunched up on the stairs , their head in their hands as if their world had crumbled about him .
“ The shock to them must have been monumental . These boys were like sons to them and now so many of them were snatched away . ”
( Image : AFP/Getty )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Later , Jimmy went to spend time with Matt ; Busby was ­unable to speak , but recognised their old friend , and the pair held hands . Matt had been moved into a ­private ward but remained in an oxygen tent . They were considered too ill to be told about the tragic news ; they were only able to ­understand he 'd been in an accident .
It was thought that any further shock may prove fatal . Jimmy visited their friend and held their hand tightly .
Matt ­signalled that they wanted to speak , so Jimmy bent low to hear . “ Keep the flag flying Jimmy . Keep things going until I get back . ”
In hotel room 610 , long after most of the other guests had gone to bed , Murphy , now the only senior official left active , stayed on , wrestling with their problem . The rebirth of a great club was being planned .
But even Jimmy , who never gives up easily , finally had to say : “ What a mess we 're in… ” and go to bed , to think all over again .
“ Unquestionably these were the darkest days of my footballing life , and they passed in a blur , ” said Foulkes .
“ But something which ­remains crystal clear from that ­period is the almost superhuman strength and resilience of Jimmy Murphy , as they took on the ­gargantuan task of ­keeping Manchester United afloat . ”
( Image : PA )
A patched-up United team played Sheffield Wednesday and won 3-0 .
Two days after the win , United were rocked by the news that ­Duncan Edwards had lost their battle for life . Murphy was working late at Old Trafford . Shortly after 1.26am on the morning of February 21 , 1958 , they received the telephone call that left them inconsolable in the early hours .
Murphy had hoped against hope ; prayed against all reason that ­Edwards would not only recover , but be the figurehead around which United would rebuild their side .
They were the symbol of hope ; and now , not even the fact that Jimmy believed lesser men may not have fought for as long as Duncan did was enough to give them respite .
United had lost a great footballer . Murphy had lost one of their dearest friends , and , just as tragic , a young man they had helped develop into a fine human being .
( Image : Getty )
Murphy was not a man for ­predictions and did not like to ­speculate , particularly about the dead . But , even at the age of 21 , they had seen enough to declare Duncan Edwards the greatest . “ This news is the final blow , ” Jimmy said .
Duncan 's would be yet another ­funeral they had to attend .
* Jimmy Murphy : The Man Who Kept The Red Flag Flying , by Wayne Barton , on sale February 15th . Available to pre-order now from sportmediashop.com .
* JIMMY MURPHY knew their declaration that United would be able to face Sheffield Wednesday in an FA Cup tie was their heart speaking – not their head .
The Daily Mirror reported that United had requested a postponement for the Cup game : “ Stricken Manchester United 's four directors are asking for rules to be waived to help them sign players to get a team together . ”
Then it was reported “ PUSKAS WANTS TO HELP UNITED ” .
After the Hungarian football revolution of 1956 prompted talk that all the great home-based players would find clubs abroad , Jimmy had suggested that United should sign the best of them , Ferenc Puskas .
( Image : Central Press/Hulton Archive/Getty )
But the only non-British passport holders in those days were players from the Republic of Ireland . Whether Busby or the board found it a bit too daring for their liking , the recommendations appeared to fall on deaf ears .
Then there was the obstacle that United 's maximum wage was £17 a week .
It later transpired that the contract Puskas eventually signed with Real Madrid was worth £800 a week .
The final major setback was Jimmy 's reluctance to go against everything they and Matt had worked so hard to build .
They had built a team of British players and even if a solution was found to bring in Puskas , Murphy felt it would be a “ negation ” of all of the work the club had done .
* IN THE immediate aftermath of the crash , Manchester United realised they had to sign new players to keep the club afloat .
But not every club wanted to help the stricken Red Devils .
Assistant manager Jimmy Murphy met with the directors to talk about transfer plans , before going to watch Burnley play against Luton – and , specifically , England winger Brian Pilkington .
( Image : MEN )
Burnley were angry at the idea and their chairperson Bob Lord made an astonishing outburst .
“ Some people have got hold of the wrong idea , ” said Lord .
“ Of course , clubs will help United . But not to the extent of parting with star players .
“ I do n't want to be unfair or unkind in any way , but clubs still have a duty to themselves .
“ We just must n't let this thing get out of focus .
“ Help ? Certainly . But star players ? It can not be done . ” '
PanARMENIAN.Net - A squad affiliated with Turkish-backed rebels which attempted to enter a key border town in the Syrian province of Raqqa has been eliminated by Kurdish fighters after being detected and engaged on the spot , Al-Masdar News reports .
Sources familiar with the matter have reported over social media that Turkish-backed forces carried out a cross-border operation on the night of Friday to Saturday ( February 2-3 ) , entering into the northern countryside of Syria 's Raqqa province from Turkey .
The armed group attempted to infiltrate the Kurdish-held town of Tal Abayad , opposite the Turkish border city of Akcakale .
Reports clarify that the rebel infiltration squad was driven back across the border into Turkey by Kurdish paramilitary units after being sprung , losing four of its ranks in the process .
Whilst additional sources are key to confirm the event , the time of the incursion co-insides with other reports that Turkey Army tanks were shelling Kurdish defenses in and around Tal Abayad from across the border .
If you want to know what it 's like to be stopped at Zimbabwe 's roadblocks , here 's your answer . Be warned : it may not make you want to book a holiday up north .
Source : WATCH : Was this tourist in Zimbabwe too cocky ? Driver takes on police | News24
Harare – If you want to know what it 's like to be stopped at Zimbabwe 's roadblocks , here 's your answer . Be warned : it may not make you want to book a holiday up north .
In this video posted to YouTube , a tourist driving an SA-registered vehicle filmed themselves getting stopped at multiple police checkpoints as they drive across the southern African country .
Watch the video below .
Foreign-registered vehicles are n't supposed to be subject to the same stringent ( and constantly changing requirements ) for vehicle equipment , which includes reflector strips of a particular length and fire extinguishers secured in a particular way .
At each roadblock the tourist explains that that was the assurance given by “ Sergeant-Major Khupe ” from Victoria Falls . They also demand to see each police officer 's ID , which hardly any are willing to give him . Sometimes they give up arguing and just drives off .
“ You say we need reflectors . This is a foreign-registered car . We do not need them . We know that . Everyone knows that , ” they say at one checkpoint , later adding : “ Everyone wants to fine us 20 dollars , 40 dollars , 100 dollars . ”
Near the end of the video , the driver is involved in an altercation with an officer as they are made to get out of the car .
Police roadblocks occur with astonishing frequency in Zimbabwe , sometimes as many as four in a 14km stretch . There are fears that foreign tourists are seen as an “ easy target ” by revenue-hungry officers because they do not always know their rights .
The video has been viewed more than 19 000 times since it was posted on February 5 – but there 's also been criticism of the driver 's “ cockiness ” .
“ His attitude is condescending . When you are stopped by the police in any country , you comply , ” commented one viewer . Another said : “ The police were very gentle with this guy ? ”
Did the tourist behave badly ?
What do you think ?
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Davies has ditched the beach for the Celebrity Big Brother house .
The 25-year-old was once part of self-proclaimed Ex On The Beach power couple 'Jegan ' with ex Megan McKenna .
They went on to join the cast of TOWIE .
But what did they do next ?
Now that he 's become one of the stars of the famous CBB house , here 's everything you need to know about him .
Who is Jordan Davies and where are they from ?
Jordan was born in Cardiff in 1992 and went on to appear on a multitude of reality TV programmes .
He 's been filmed partying abroad on shows Magaluf Weekender and Ibiza Weekender , and appeared on three series of MTV 's Ex On The Beach , in 2015 and twice in 2016 .
Why is Jordan Davies famous ?
Jordan is best known for their many stints on Ex On The Beach .
They first showed up on series three in 2015 , alongside the likes of Kirk Norcross , Marty McKenna and Jemma Lucy , who is also in the CBB house .
Jordan famously dated Megan McKenna , and even got engaged to them after they got together on Ex On The Beach , and CBB bosses may be hoping that he 'll spill the beans on their fiery relationship .
( Image : MTV )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They appeared as a power couple on 2016 's Ex On The Beach , with Jordan even getting down on one knee in the show 's final episode .
However the engagement were short-lived , as the pair split in the early months of 2016 , though Jordan said that their ex had done them a `` favour '' as their engagement scenes aired .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Instagram/megan_mckenna )
Speaking to the MailOnline at the time , Jordan admitted : `` Megan 's actually done me a favour , because I gave up my image to be with her . ''
4 min read Pivoting
4 Signs It 's Time to Let Go of That Idea You Thought Was a Winner
Success requires that you never give up . Success also requires you stop kidding yourself about what is n't working .
“ Kamen Rider Heisei Generations Final : Build & Ex-Aid with Legend Rider , ” roared to the top of the Japanese box office in its first weekend on release . The film is the latest feature entry in the long-running Toei action series featuring motorcycle heroes .
For the Dec. 9-10 frame , it grossed $ 3.2 million on 303,000 admissions . This is nearly 33 % better than the opening of the previous “ Kamen Rider Heisei Generations ” film , which finished with $ 8.3 million following its December 2016 bow . The new film is expected to end its first run with $ 13.2 million .
Opening at number two was Takashi Yamazaki 's “ Destiny : The Tale of Kamakura. ” Based on Ryohei Saigan 's best-selling comic , this fantasy drama about a mystery writer and their wife who solve crime cases earned $ 2.6 million from 401 screens , with Toho distributing . The film is also aiming for the JPY1.5 billion ( $ 13 million ) milestone .
The top Hollywood film was , “ Murder on the Orient Express ” in third . Opening on Dec. 8 with Fox distributing on 455 screens , the film took $ 2.0 million , and $ 2.6 million including previews . It looks likely to finish near the $ 9.0 million mark .
TAMPA , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have picked up the fifth-year option on wide receiver Mike Evans ' contract , general manager Jason Licht announced Monday .
The seventh overall pick in the 2014 NFL draft , Evans surpassed 1,000 receiving yards in each of their first three straight seasons , becoming just the fourth player in NFL history to accomplish that feat .
Evans reached the Pro Bowl for the first time in 2016 .
The MLB All-Star ballot closes July 5 , and while retweets and likes are n't the same as a vote , the creativity behind various teams ' social media campaigns on Twitter are Washington , D.C.-worthy . Playing into the election theme , clever slogans have turned into hashtags , and home run highlights are set to the tune of patriotic music with promises to represent the common fan . Vote early and vote often .
`` There 's no shortage of creativity , and that 's something we get really excited about this time of year , '' said Barbara McHugh , MLB vice president of marketing . `` Shifting [ voting ] over to online only has created a lot of opportunities around the impact social media can have . ''
Editor 's Picks All-Star voting update : Altuve , Freeman among leaders Who will the starters be in the 2018 All-Star game ? Voting is nearing an end and there are still some tight races .
In 2015 , the league transitioned from paper ballots to strictly online . The change generated over 22 times more votes , from 27.4 million to 620 million . Since then , votes have dropped to the 200 million range -- numbers can vary based on how long polls are open , among other factors . But the combination of online ballots and a growing social media presence is changing how teams interact with fans during the All-Star voting period .
When Ozzie Albies hit their first career walk-off homer in June to top the Cincinnati Reds in extra innings , the Atlanta Braves ' social media team clipped the highlight and tweeted it out with # OzzieAllStar . It 's been viewed more than 65,500 times . A link to the All-Star ballot was conveniently placed below .
`` We try to showcase and capitalize on things that happen in the game -- cutting highlights and encouraging fans to vote , '' said Greg Mize , Braves senior director of marketing and innovation . `` That 's a really big component . We 're letting the players tell the story and filtering people to the right place to vote . ''
Similarly , Cleveland Indians fans can tweet screenshots of their ballots , and if it picks up more likes than usual , it 's probably because it was retweeted by the official Indians account .
`` Some people were worried that it would be harder to show voting through social , but I think it 's turned out to be better doing it digitally , '' said Austin Controulis , Indians ' manager of communications . There are more ways to thank fans for voting . We 're creating social media campaigns that maybe we would n't have thought of . ''
This is coming from the organization that created one of the more unique videos -- mock smear campaigns to tease other players in the league and promote their own guys for additional votes . Someone from the creative department pitched the idea in May and it stuck .
In honor of Independence Day and the democracy that has carried over to All-Star voting , we give a rundown of which teams have the best campaigns on Twitter .
A leader you can count on with a beard you can trust .
It 's time to # TakeKakes to the @ AllStarGame ! https : //t.co/tF2BPqhFHH pic.twitter.com/K22W2Tya16 — Atlanta Braves ( @ Braves ) June 19 , 2018
`` Obviously Nick [ Markakis ] is known for their beard , so we wanted to play into that . It was just the brainchild of some smart people on the team . '' -- Greg Mize , Braves senior director of marketing and innovation
For a day in June , fans could tweet a screenshot of their ballots and the Braves would reply with a picture of Markakis smiling . There were so many replies within the first five minutes , Mize said they thought they would be responding to tweets until 3 a.m .
We wan na bring style to D.C. this summer . There 's only one AL shortstop who can do that . 🔥 # VoteFrankie pic.twitter.com/SxKr6K77Jl — Cleveland Indians ( @ Indians ) June 17 , 2018
`` We had to make sure they 're absolutely ridiculous and over the top . We want to make these fun and hilarious . We were originally hoping some teams would come back to us with videos of their own . '' -- Austin Controulis , Indians manager of communications
The Indians rolled out similar videos featuring Aaron Judge , Mike Moustakas and Mike Trout . The worst part about Trout according to the video ? They were too nice .
Twitter Ads info and privacy `` It 's a parody of ' A League of Their Own . ' We were looking for something creative and fun that would catch attention . We thought it would be fun to do a throwback video of what it would 've looked like the last time we hosted a game . '' -- Valerie Camillo , Nationals chief revenue and marketing officer
If you were wondering how 2:02 p.m. became the designated time to vote for the Nationals , it might help to know that the Washington D.C. area code is 202 .
Honorable Mention :
Chicago Cubs
Oakland Athletics
The first 2018 Camping World MLB All-Star Ballot update was unveiled today and Jed Lowrie is fourth among second basemen for the American League . Show your support and vote for the # JediWarrior and the rest of # Voteland . pic.twitter.com/engoq9iNYm — Oakland Athletics 🌳🐘⚾️ ( @ Athletics ) June 12 , 2018
Pittsburgh Pirates
PanARMENIAN.Net - An estimated 20 million people die each year due to cardiovascular disease . Luckily , a team of researchers from the University of Nottingham in the UK have developed a machine-learning algorithm that can predict your likelihood of having a heart attack or stroke as well as any doctor , Engadget said .
The American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association ( ACC/AHA ) has developed a series of guidelines for estimating a patient 's cardiovascular risk which is based on eight factors including age , cholesterol level and blood pressure . On average , this system correctly guesses a person 's risk at a rate of 72.8 percent .
That 's pretty accurate but Stephen Weng and their team set about to make it better . They built four computer learning algorithms , then fed them data from 378,256 patients in the United Kingdom . The systems first used around 295,000 records to generate their internal predictive models . Then they used the remaining records to test and refine them . The algorithms result significantly outperformed the AAA/AHA guidelines , ranging from 74.5 to 76.4 percent accuracy . The neural network algorithm tested highest , beating the existing guidelines by 7.6 percent while raising 1.6 percent fewer false alarms .
Out of the 83,000 patient set of test records , this system could have saved 355 extra lives . Interestingly , the AI systems identified a number of risk factors and predictors not covered in the existing guidelines , like severe mental illness and the consumption of oral corticosteroids . `` There 's a lot of interaction in biological systems , '' Weng told Science . `` That 's the reality of the human body . What computer science allows us to do is to explore those associations . ''
Ranieri : Domenech has always been a bit bizarre
Claudio Ranieri , 65 , said there is an agreement in place with Nantes as they singled out LFP president Raymond Domenech .
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017 , 07:52 IST
Ranieri , Swansea v Leicester
Claudio Ranieri hit out at `` bizarre '' former France head coach Raymond Domenech as they await clearance to take charge of Ligue 1 side Nantes .
Ranieri 's move to replace Sergio Conceicao is reportedly being held up due to a Ligue de Football Professionnel ( LFP ) regulation stipulating head coaches in Ligue 1 must be under the age of 65 .
The 65-year-old Italian – who sensationally guided Leicester City to the Premier League title in 2015-16 – said there is an agreement in place with Nantes as they singled out LFP president Domenech .
`` We are nearly there , even if it 's not yet official . I have n't signed yet , but there is an agreement with the president , '' Ranieri told Mediaset Premium .
`` I do my work with passion , professionalism and focus , so what others say does n't interest me
`` Plus if it 's Domenech… they have always been a bit bizarre . ''
`` I was convinced by the project at Nantes . There is a very strong youth academy with players emerging from here like Marcel Desailly or Didier Deschamps , many of a great quality coming through right now , and the President is very enthusiastic , '' Ranieri added .
`` I was struck by the squad , as they were bottom of the table halfway through the season , then thanks to Conceicao 's work they finished seventh . That shows me good work can be done here .
`` The other sides in Ligue 1 are reinforcing a great deal , but we will try to have our say . ''
The Nigerian Mission in South Africa has written a letter of protest to the South African authority over the killing of another Nigerian , Mr. Clement Nwaogu , in Rustenburg , South Africa .
Godwin Adama , the Nigerian Consul General in Johannesburg , South Africa , said the mission has waded into issues surrounding the renewed xenophobic attacks on Nigeria .
Mr. Adama who condemned the act of burning Mr. Nwaogu to death by a mob in the latest xenophobia attack in that country said that the Nigerian Mission in South Africa was on top of the situation .
“ The High Commissioner has been on top of the situation , they have spoken with the Nigerian community and has sent officers to calm down the situation ” .
“ Tomorrow morning we are meeting on the matter with him . In fact , they had written a letter of protest to the South African authority and they are waiting for their response to see the next action to be taken on the matter ” .
“ We are working collectively as the two missions in the country so as to be on the same page over the incident , as relating the issues , ” they said .
They explained that the community , Rustenburg , had been a hot spot in recent time .
Mr. Adama said that 13 Nigerians , who protested the killing of a fellow citizen in Rustenburg in February , were arrested and charged to court for public disturbance .
They said that the mission had been going to court over the matter and had to be escorted by security due to threats .
“ The community has vowed to deal with anyone who plays a positive role in getting the accused Nigerians return to Rustenberg , ” Mr. Adama said .
According to him , the latest incident is apparently a reaction to their threat of dealing with any Nigerian that they find in their community .
“ They were having erroneous belief that some Nigerians were involved in drugs . Unfortunately , the particular guy that was attacked was not involved in drugs . They had their genuine business .
“ They went to their shop on that fateful day , told them to bring the drug they were keeping , the guy said there was no drug in their shop , that they were a genuine businessman but they did not listen to him .
“ They attacked the guy , beat them to coma and set them ablaze but was taken to the hospital where they died later .
“ So it was going to generate a lot of issues and the mission had to intervened particularly the High Commissioner , because each district is under the supervision of the high commission in Pretoria , ” they said .
While explaining that South Africa has been a very volatile country , they said that there was the need for Nigerians living in the country to be very careful and behave themselves so as not to fall victim .
They expressed the hope that the new government in that country would take appropriate measure and meet with the relevant authorities to address the issue once and for all .
Two PhD scholars at California 's Stanford University founded Google as part of their research project in 1996 and it received its first official funding in 1998 . Over the years , the company has been able to develop a search engine , phones , tablets , laptops , smartwatches and even driverless cars . But now it is aiming at something different . Google is now going to build a city - an 83-acre smart neighbourhood at the east of downtown in Toronto .
The project is slated to begin by the end of this year with a $ 50 million initial funding . Google is essentially aiming to change how we look at a city . It would transform a conventional industrial area on the edge of Lake Ontario into the most ambitious smart city on Earth . The city will include the latest and most advanced of the technologies in infrastructure , construction , and transport ; all in one place- a true blue future city . Sidewalk Labs , a subsidiary of Google 's parent company Alphabet , has been given the opportunity and responsibility of creating this future city .
So , here are some of the most unique innovations that will take place in this Toronto smart city .
According to Sidewalk Labs ' 196-page vision document , which details the plans , all the deliveries in this city will be tackled by a network of underground robots . They would run along the utility lines and bring the residents ' posts straight to their personal mail lockers in their buildings . All the deliveries will first come to a centralized distribution centre . From there , they will be given to the underground network that will deliver the materials to residents as well as the businesses . `` Each delivery would be routed according to its level of urgency , perishability , or priority , and additional modes might be employed , such as delivery bikes and aerial drones , '' says Sidewalk Labs .
This future city 's streets will be jam-packed with sensors that will be measuring congestion , footfall , and traffic patterns . This data will then enable some really cool technologies , such as 'dynamic ' streets and pavements , which will be able to change their width based on cars ' and pedestrians ' demands . Sidewalk Labs is planning to embed LED lights on the streets , which will be capable of changing colours in order to change the width of roads , pavements , and cycle lanes . Each of these will have one designated colour . For example , if the sensor detects there are more cars than the rush of pedestrians , the pavement would be narrowed and the road would become wider . Sometimes , temporary bike lanes will also pop up according to the demand .
Ok , so we all know Canada faces extreme weather conditions . So , it 's too hot in the summer and almost freezing cold in the winter . Sidewalk Labs wants to create a condition where people of Toronto will be able to spend more time outside despite the weather and what can achieve that if not technology ! In order to keep the people dry outside , the tech firm is going to install canopies above the public spaces as well as the walkways . These canopies , like everything else in this part of Toronto , will not be the regular ones ; rather they will extend and retract based on weather data , that too real-time . So , basically , the canopies are supposed to come out when the weather is wet and drawback when it 's not . Also , they can be used as shades during the summer time as well . This smart neighbourhood will also have walkways and cycle lanes with underground heating so that pedestrians and cyclists can enjoy their walks or cycling even when the streets are covered with snow .
Driverless cars – of course , it 's there ; what did you expect ? Well , Sidewalk Labs aims to make the network in this smart city so inclusive that less than one in every five residents of this neighbourhood would feel the need to buy a car . In case of the long-distance travels , it plans to make sure that the residents can order shared hire cars easily from ride-hailing service providers , such as Zipcar . However , as far as the local journeys are concerned , the firm wants everyone to make use of the autonomous car technology . There would be a fleet of autonomous cars , called taxibots , which will always be available on demand via the residents ' smartphones and will commonly be shared with other riders . Although Sidewalk Labs says that it may work with third-party driverless car companies , however , Google 's Waymo would be a perfect fit for this area ; do n't you think ?
Now , what about the buildings in this area ? Sidewalk Labs is planning to make the buildings in this neighbourhood as flexible as possible . In order to achieve that it will build them with strong skeletons . The buildings will also have very minimal interiors , which will be reconfigurable on the fly . There will be support beams , positioned at regular intervals . This will let the walls , floors , ceiling panels and façades to shift effortlessly . So , basically , one single building would include offices , flats , manufacturers , hotels and shops , with the shifting as per demand . Although it 's unlikely that the building 's balance will be in constantly changed , however , this will allow the retailers to change their stores as much as they want to , according to the customers ' response . Shops will be able to `` expand or collapse quickly , and at low costs , as the population grows and retail trends change '' , says Sidewalk Labs .
Now , we should note that all these ideas and plans are currently at its preliminary stage . So , although they sound exciting and fun ; these will take years before being actually practised in real life .
NEW YORK POST – JOSHUA RHETT MILLER
﻿
An 18-year-old man was shot in the head after grabbing a constable 's baton at a courthouse in Canada — a violent confrontation that unfolded in front of the teen 's mother , authorities said .
The man , identified by several local news outlets as Steven Bertrand , was shot during the spat at the Maniwaki Courthouse in Quebec at about 1 p.m. Wednesday , after they tried to step outside to have a cigarette . A 2-minute video of the harrowing ordeal— which had been watched more than 2 million times on Facebook as of Friday — shows witnesses inside the courthouse criticizing the court officers as they struggle with Bertrand .
“ Stop f–king choking him , bro , ” one witness said . “ That 's abuse of force , that 's abuse of force , buddy . Steven , knock them the f–k out , that 's abuse of force . ”
This 2012 file photo shows James Hodgkinson of Belleville protesting outside the United States Post Office in Downtown Belleville , Ill. ( Photo : Derik Holtmann / TNS )
Alexandria , Va. — The gunman who wounded a top Republican member of congress and several others during an early morning baseball practice had apparently been living out a white cargo van for months and was frequently seen working on a computer at a nearby YMCA , where they kept mostly to himself .
James T. Hodgkinson shot House Rep. Steve Scalise on Wednesday before they were fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip on the Alexandria , Virginia , baseball field , officials said .
Authorities believe the 66-year-old had been living out of a van in northern Virginia since March after leaving their southern Illinois home . The man expressed grievances online about President Donald Trump and Republicans , but authorities said they 're still working to determine a motive .
Hodgkinson was spotted regularly over the past several weeks at the YMCA next to the site of the shooting , sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that looked out onto the baseball field .
Former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille , who chatted with Hodgkinson at the gym , said they assumed the man was homeless because they wore pretty much the same outfit every day and carried a bag full of extra clothes . Hodgkinson rarely joined in the political discussions often set off by the television in the room and never showed any signs that they were troubled , Euille said .
“ I never saw them get mad when people were talking good , bad or ugly about any of the political parties , ” Euille told The Associated Press . “ He was just a very calm , rational person , I thought , ” they said .
Stephen Brennwald , another YMCA member , said they never saw Hodgkinson talk to anyone and figured the man was a “ loner. ” Brennwald thought it was odd they never saw Hodgkinson exercise or wear workout clothes and considered asking a staffer about them but never did , they said .
“ There 's just no way that I would have guessed that this guy would be shooting at law enforcement and a member of congress , ” said Brennwald , an attorney .
Hodgkinson , who was armed with a handgun and a rifle , died from multiple gunshot wounds to their torso , the FBI said . Federal investigators are working to trace their weapons to find out where they were purchased and other details about their history .
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said one of their aides , Zack Barth , was shot but was doing well and expected to recover fully . Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries . A former congressional aide was hospitalized .
The FBI said authorities are speaking with people who knew Hodgkinson or who may have encountered him . FBI agent Tim Slater said the FBI needs the public 's help in piecing together Hodgkinson 's whereabouts and activities while they were in Alexandria .
“ We 're just not sure at this time ” how they spent their time , they said .
Kristina Scrimshaw , a bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ restaurant a few blocks from the shooting scene , said Hodgkinson had become something of a regular in recent weeks . They always drank Budweiser from a can and drank alone , barely speaking to anyone , including the bartenders .
“ I did n't like them from the beginning , ” they said . “ Nothing I can really put my finger on , but they were just not a pleasant person . ”
The gunman 's brother told The New York Times that the man was upset about Trump 's election and recently went to Washington to protest , but Michael Hodgkinson said they did n't know why the man stayed in the area .
“ I know they are n't happy with the way things were going , the election results and stuff , ” the shooter 's brother told the newspaper .
Until recently , Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of their house in southern Illinois .
Their Facebook page shows they were a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination . Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on their 2016 campaign .
A search of online newspapers shows that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to their local newspaper , the Belleville News-Democrat , which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012 . Many included complaints about the same theme : income inequality .
Hodgkinson also had arrests in their background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter . Court records show that their legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving .
In 2006 , they were arrested on a battery charge after allegedly punching a woman in the face , then striking their boyfriend in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing a round at the man , according to a sheriff 's department report .
While trying to drive away from that confrontation , the report said , Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut a seat belt . The charges were dismissed later that year , according to the court clerk .
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County , which includes Belleville , since 2011 , Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as last spring .
On March 24 , Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside their house , which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson 's home . When they went outside , they saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield . They were squeezing off five or six rounds at a time , according to the report of the incident , and fired about 50 shots in all .
“ I yelled , ‘ Quit shooting toward the houses , ' ” Schaumleffel said .
When Hodgkinson refused to stop , Schaumleffel called the sheriff 's department .
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle , which they said they were simply using for target practice .
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes , given that the rounds can travel up to a mile . No charges were filed .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2srXmsQ
Erik Jones , 21 , of Byron Mich. , will join Joe Gibbs Racing next year . ( Photo : Matt Slocum , Associated Press )
Brooklyn , Mich. — Erik Jones was right where they wanted to be during the final laps of the Pure Michigan 400 Sunday afternoon at Michigan International Speedway .
Jones , a 21-year-old rookie from Byron , Michigan , was running second , starting the final restart with two laps remaining alongside their Furniture Row teammate , NASCAR Cup series points leader Martin Truex .
But , instead of taking the lead , Kyle Larson — who was behind Truex on the outside for the restart — split the Furniture Row teammates and went on to lead their lone laps to win at MIS for the third straight time , completing the clean sweep this season .
Jones had to settle for third and still needs a win in the next three races to earn one of the 16 spots for the playoffs , for the right to battle for the NASCAR Cup series championship during the final 10 races .
Jones currently sits 16th in points , but three drivers below them in the standings have wins . Drivers with at least one win automatically earn a spot into the playoffs .
“ I just could n't get going , ” Jones said of the final restart . “ I was spinning my tires . The 20 ( Matt Kenseth ) got to the bottom of me and the 42 ( Larson ) was to the right of me . I saw them both getting runs and kind of had to pick one or the other and picked wrong , and the 42 went up the middle and was able to go by both of us . It just did n't work out . ”
Truex , their teammate , said there was n't a push to try to get Jones the victory .
`` We do n't have team orders , '' Truex said . `` Nobody lets each other win . He 's going to win some races . Their turn will come . ''
It was Jones ' second podium finish , matching their third-place finish in the spring race at Pocono . They will be taking over the No . 20 seat of Kenseth with Joe Gibbs Racing next year .
“ You know , I think the biggest thing going through this year I 've been learning and trying to improve on is just the preparation for each weekend , ” said Jones , who drives the No . 77 Toyota . “ I think the trucks and the Xfinity Series you did n't have to prepare at all , at least I did n't and it kind of worked out most of the time . And , then you get to the Cup series and you do that and it 's like , well you kind of feel a little bit out to lunch when you show up and you 're off the pace and things are n't working out .
“ So , I 've really tried harder I would say after the first quarter of the year to really focus in and try to prepare better , look at the data , use the tools that are available to me and try to improve . I think just going through the year and coming back to these tracks for a second time is a big help for us as well . I know better throughout the day what I 'm looking for in a race car and what I want is a feel in the race car through practice . So performance wise I think we 've had good days and we 've had bad days , but overall I think we 've done a pretty good job . ”
Eddie Wood enjoying season
Eddie Wood has enjoyed watching the development of driver Ryan Blaney and looking forward to having the famed Wood Brothers team compete in the NASCAR Cup series playoffs for the first time since the Chase was put into place in 2004 .
Wood , is co-owner of the Wood Brothers and Blaney , 23 , won Wood Brothers its 99th NASCAR Cup series win in the spring race at Pocono , the team 's first victory since Trevor Bayne 's Daytona 500 win in 2011 . It was also Blaney 's first career win , putting them in the playoffs for the right to battle for the series championship .
Yes , 99 wins for the Woods Brothers , but no Woods Brothers driver has ever won a Cup series championship and Blaney could be a contender for the title this fall in the No . 21 Ford .
“ We 've had a really good year , won the race at Pocono earlier in the season and had a lot of races where we 've been really fast , but for one reason or the other we did n't get to the end of them , ” said Eddie , who is the son of NASCAR Hall of Famer Glen Wood and the nephew of Hall of Famer Leonard Wood , who is still co-owner of the team . “ Yes , most weeks with the combination we have right now with Blaney and all the support we have at Ford Motor Company has worked really well .
“ A lot of things have come together to help us come back full time and Team Penske , having an alliance with them , I ca n't thank them enough because that 's where our speed is coming from .
“ We 've never been in the playoffs so they 're working on things now like every week that we race , that 's in the back of your mind of let 's go in this direction or let 's not and everybody 's doing the same thing that 's already in it . But , it 's something that we 've never experienced so it 's exciting . ”
In fact , Team Penske recently announced Blaney will be joining Rochester Hills native Brad Keselowski and Joey Logano next year to form a three-car team . Paul Menard , now driving the No . 27 Chevrolet for Richard Childress Racing , will move on to take over for Blaney in the No . 21 .
But , Wood is thrilled to have Blaney around for the rest of the season . Blaney showed they would be a factor early on , finishing runner-up in the Daytona 500 . They have also run up front consistently , but not getting the finish they would like , running third in the June race at MIS with 15 laps remaining before settling for 25th .
Blaney was the topic of being one of the drivers to beat this weekend , topping the charts in practice , then in the first two rounds of qualifying before starting 12th .
Blaney was battling Kevin Harvick for fifth two-thirds through the race before suffering tire damage which sent them to pit road . They finished 15th .
Wood said a lot of older Wood Brothers fans have called , texted or emailed them of their excitement with Blaney .
“ He 's got a really huge fan base and we 've got a pretty nice size fan base ourselves of the older generation and it 's like brought everybody together because the young kids who like Blaney , but it all blends together , ” Wood said . “ We hear from people that we have n't heard from in years and it really makes you feel good . I got a text from a guy a few minutes ago who is like 84 . There was also a gentleman from our hometown that we got passes for Pocono ( spring race ) and they came up there and had on a David Pearson red and white hat from the 70s and Blaney tried to get it from them and they could n't . ”
Wood said Blaney has a lot of old-school qualities about him , knowing the history of the sport which , of course , includes when David Pearson competed for the Wood Brothers , winning 43 times and Cale Yarborough 13 “ He 's one of those who is just special , just a natural , ” Wood said of Blaney . “ Really , last year was a kind of learning year for them and now he 's up to speed every week . He 's a little old-school , likes the same things that you and I like . He 's got a good relationship with other drivers and fans of all ages . They have an appreciation for history . ”
david.goricki @ detroitnews.com
twitter.com/DavidGoricki
Junior by the numbers
How Dale Earnhardt Jr. fared in their career in Cup races at MIS
■ Races : 36
■ Wins : 2
■ Top-five finishes : 8
■ Top-10 finishes : 15
■ Poles : 2
■ Average start : 14.9
■ Average finish : 15.6
Paint Nights coming soon . Paint Nights are fundraisers held by and for the Art Club at Cheyenne High School . When you attend a Paint Night you have a choice of four designs to paint . Each design costs $ 20 . The design you pick will already be drawn on to a canvas , you just have to paint it . You get to choose your own colors .
You need to login to view the rest of the content . Please Login . Not a Member ? Join Us
Deputy PM : Azerbaijan interested in development of alternative energy sources
2018-04-24 21:35 | www.trend.az | 2
Baku , Azerbaijan , April 24
By Ilhama Isabalayeva – Trend :
Despite Azerbaijan is an energy-rich country , it is interested in the development of alternative energy sources , Azerbaijani Deputy Prime Minister , Chairman of the National Coordination Council for Sustainable Development Ali Ahmadov said .
Ahmadov made the remarks at the meeting with Secretary General of the World Meteorological Organization Petteri Taalas in Baku April 24 .
They added that as far as the economy is developing , violations of the ecological balance occur in one way or another .
“ This must be eliminated , ” Ahmadov said . “ We are implementing many projects to avoid the depletion of drinking water supplies , but this is insufficient . We must work on the corresponding projects . The support of the World Meteorological Organization is important to resolve this issue . We will inform the government about the projects that can be realized . We hope that useful projects will be implemented within the cooperation with the structures under your leadership . ''
“ A number of large-scale projects are being implemented in Azerbaijan to diversify the economy and develop agriculture , ” they said . “ Moreover , improvement of air quality in the country and elimination of the problem with drinking water remain priority issues . ”
In their turn , Taalas stressed that they have been in Azerbaijan for the first time .
They added that the projects to be implemented will give positive results in the development of agriculture .
`` I am confident that the projects will be successful , ” they said . “ Azerbaijan is developing rapidly . We propose to invest in the field of meteorology . This will also have a positive impact on the improvement of air quality . ”
Follow Trend on Telegram . Only most interesting and important news
Before its cancellation on Tuesday , the Roseanne reboot was one of the highest-rated shows on TV , according to Uproxx . Now , viewers are rallying for Roseanne to continue — without Roseanne Barr . After ABC made the decision to cancel the show following Barr 's racist remarks about Valerie Jarrett , former advisor to President Barack Obama , some fans began brainstorming , taking to social media to suggest potential versions of the show that did n't include the titular character . ( Barr has since apologized for their tweet about Jarrett and deleted it . Bustle reached out to Barr 's rep for comment on the backlash , but did not receive an immediate response . )
Some ideas were fairly dark , suggesting that the show 's writers kill Barr 's character off , much like what happened to Dan Conner in the series ' original run . As @ RickyAppleseed wrote , `` They killed off Dan . Why not kill off Roseanne and continue without @ RoseanneOnABC ? '' and @ HasardJardinier said , `` Call it 'Not Roseanne ' and set the show in an inner city hardware store the Connor family won after Roseanne died in a horrible key duplicating accident . ''
Meanwhile , another Twitter user @ MitchfromOhio offered ,
`` An interesting punishment for Roseanne would be for the show to continue without them and use this incident as a storyline . ''
Some people in the entertainment industry showed support for the series ' other cast and crew members , who they argued should be able to keep working , regardless of Barr 's behavior . Others suggested the network change the name to the more general The Connor Family or Darlene , after Sara Gilbert 's character .
Animation producer Clay Renfroe tweeted , `` There are a lot of good , talented folks that work on the Roseanne show . I say write off the lead character and let everyone else keep coming to work to do their jobs , '' to which voice actor Neil Kaplan responded , `` It worked for 'Valerie ' into 'The Hogan Family ' . Ya know , I did n't watch 'Rosanne ' but I sure would watch 'The Connor Family ' . ''
On Tuesday night , Jimmy Kimmel even proposed their own idea during their monologue on Jimmy Kimmel Live !
`` Just because Roseanne is gone does n't mean the whole show has to go , '' Kimmel said . `` 'The show must go on . ' That 's what we say in show business , and with that said , I think I have an idea that makes this work for everyone . '' They then showed a mock-trailer for a reworked version of the show called , Dan , starring John Goodman as the titular character .
Jimmy Kimmel Live on YouTube
Soon after posting the tweet in question , Barr faced swift backlash on Tuesday . According to The Root , Barr responded to a handful of tweets claiming that Jarrett had aided in various Obama-era cover-ups , writing in a since-deleted post , “ Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj '' .
After receiving widespread pushback , Barr apologized , writing ,
`` I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans . I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks . I should have known better . Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste . ''
However , their co-stars and the show 's crew members quickly condemned their words , distancing themselves from the comedian , and in some cases , announcing their departures from the series . Wanda Sykes , who worked as a consulting producer on the show , tweeted they were leaving , not long before the official cancellation was announced .
In the first of two tweets , Gilbert , who championed the show 's revival , according to the Los Angeles Times , said , `` Roseanne 's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett , and so much more , are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show . I am disappointed in their actions to say the least . ''
Gilbert then added ,
`` This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us , as we 've created a show that we believe in , are proud of , and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member . ''
In the wake of Barr 's comments , ABC president Channing Dungey issued a statement to Bustle , confirming the network 's intention to cancel Roseanne :
`` Roseanne 's Twitter statement is abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values , and we have decided to cancel their show . ''
As of now , there is no confirmation as to whether Roseanne will continue in any capacity , but it 's clear that plenty of fans would continue to watch , so long as Barr is n't a part of it .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - March is Developmental Disabilities Awareness Month , the perfect time to showcase a program Easterseals runs that benefits the entire community .
Every Monday at Rise Coffee House , Cory , a 39-year-old man with a mild intellectual disability , volunteers with kids at a St. Louis program called Craftibility .
“ It 's to teach young kids ages 2-6 , to teach them how to empathize and be around adults with special needs , ” said Terri Canis , Craftibility .
Easterseals Midwest region supported over 700 people with disabilities in 2017 . And this program is just one of things they do for people .
“ Cory is just one of them and we support them with finding them jobs in the community , day programs or just a volunteer experience , ” said Kristen Marti , Easterseals manager .
This Craftibilty experience helps the kids because when they go to school they 'll be around kids with special needs . but this also is good for people like Cory .
“ I kind of like it . Good experience , ” they said .
The kids look forward to participating in crafts with their friend Cory and they learn valuable lessons .
“ They 'll learn to empathize and we hear stories about respect , responsibility , and crafts go along with the story , ” Canis said .
Easterseals is a nonprofit organization that makes opportunities like this happen for the kids and Cory .
“ This job is very heart-warming . We 're here to serve others and see how they can grow in their life , ” Marti said .
If you would like more information on this program , visit Craftibility.com and Easterseals.com .
Monday , January 2 , 2017 at 4:22 am |
U.S. Capitol . ( AP Photo/J . Scott Applewhite )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Republicans ' grip on all levers of power stands as a mandate to the GOP-led Congress , which will move swiftly to try to undo eight years of outgoing President Barack Obama 's agenda .
With Republican President-elect Donald Trump just weeks away from assuming office , GOP lawmakers plan to open the 115th Congress on Tuesday and immediately take steps to repeal Obama 's healthcare law . Beyond that , they 'll look at a tax overhaul , reversing Obama-era environmental regulations and other conservative priorities .
Republicans will face some obstacles . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says Democrats “ stand ready to fight vigorously ” to protect health care and other priorities , and Republicans will have to compromise with Senate Democrats to move major legislation through that chamber .
A look at what the 115th Congress will be up to in 2017 :
NEW MEMBERS
New members of the House and Senate will be sworn in on Tuesday , the first day of the new Congress .
In the Senate , five Democrats and two Republicans will be sworn in for the first time , joined by returning members who won re-election in 2016 . After those members are sworn in , there will be 52 Republicans , 46 Democrats and two Independents who caucus with the Democrats .
The House will have 52 new members — 27 Republicans and 25 Democrats . There will be 241 Republicans in the House and 194 Democrats .
CONFIRMING A NEW CABINET
Trump is to be sworn in on Jan. 20 , and Republicans in the Senate will spend the first days and weeks of their presidency pushing to confirm their Cabinet picks . Democrats changed the rules and curbed the filibuster in 2013 , making it easier for Republicans to move nominations . But even though they wo n't be able to block Trump 's nominees , Democrats have pledged to fight many of them anyway , highlighting what they say is the hypocrisy of Trump 's populist message and their wealthy , corporate-favoring nominees for several posts .
REPEALING OBAMA 'S HEALTH CARE LAW
The Senate plans to begin repealing Obama 's health care law on Tuesday , Congress ' very first day , with consideration of a procedural measure that will shield the initiative from Democratic filibusters .
Lawmakers will then spend the next few months working on legislation canceling broad swaths of the law . Likely to go are its mandate that people buy health insurance or face IRS fines , and its expansion of Medicaid coverage to more lower-earning Americans . Some elements of the repeal likely would n't go into effect for two to four years .
Republicans will then begin the more complicated task of building a new system . The GOP will have to craft new programs for the nation 's $ 3 trillion health care system and make sure insurance markets do n't collapse while the transition is under way .
TAX OVERHAUL
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Ky. , and Speaker Paul Ryan , R-Wis. , want a massive overhaul of the tax system with the goal of simplifying a complicated tax code that rewards wealthy people with smart accountants as well as corporations that can easily shift profits and jobs overseas .
It would be the first major tax overhaul in 30 years . Trump has also advocated a tax overhaul , but with fewer details . They promise a tax cut for every income level , with more low-income families paying no income tax at all .
SUPREME COURT
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died 11 months ago , but the Senate still has n't considered a replacement . That 's because McConnell blocked consideration of Obama 's nominee , Judge Merrick Garland , saying the next president should make the pick . The strategy paid off , and the Republican Senate will consider whoever Trump nominates .
MEDICARE CHANGES
Ryan is the most powerful advocate in Washington for an overhaul of Medicare and a premium-support approach that would , over time , remake it into a voucher-like program that could force some seniors entering the program to buy health insurance on the open market instead of getting coverage through the traditional open-ended program .
But their ideas likely will run into a political reality . Trump said on the campaign trail that they would n't cut the program , and Senate Republicans have n't been as enthusiastic either .
Candidate Trump also initially promised not to cut Medicaid — the federal-state health insurance program for low-income and severely disabled people . During the campaign , Trump seemed to shift , backing “ block grants ” that limit federal funding .
SOCIAL SECURITY
Like Medicare , some House conservatives have said they want to overhaul Social Security and slow the program 's growth to curb spending . But Trump has said they do n't want to touch those programs , and Ryan told CBS in December that they have no plans to change Social Security .
REVERSING REGULATIONS
Republican leaders have complained throughout Obama 's presidency about burdensome regulations , a theme Trump used frequently during the campaign as well . GOP lawmakers now want to undo some of Obama 's regulations and executive orders , using the Congressional Review Act , a rarely invoked procedure .
Many of the regulations they are targeting are rules put in place by the Environmental Protection Agency , including the Clean Power Plan to cut carbon pollution from coal-fired power plants , a clean water rule that has drawn the ire of farmers and another rule imposed in December to protect nearby streams from coal-mining debris .
INFRASTRUCTURE
Trump made rebuilding the nation 's aging roads , bridges and airports a major part of their job-creation strategy in the presidential race . But those plans appear to have fizzled somewhat , as GOP leaders have questioned the spending .
Sydney
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull held an honourary lunch for the Pakistan and Australia cricket teams on New Year 's Day at their residence in Sydney .
The Prime Minister welcomed both the teams and expressed their well wishes to the players .
Captains Misbah-ul-Haq and Steve Smith presented the Prime Minister with souvenirs .
The Pakistan team rested Sunday and will start training at the Sydney Cricket Ground from tomorrow ahead of the third and final Test match of the series beginning from January 3 .
Australia have already clinched the series 2-0 by defeating Pakistan in Brisbane and Melbourne.—Agencies
A FBI Evidence Response Team looks for evidence on the baseball field in Alexandria , Va. , June 14 , 2017 , after a rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice , wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others as members of congress and aides dove for cover . ( Photo : Cliff Owen / AP )
Alexandria , Va. — The business of the House was resuming a day after a rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game , critically wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and hitting aides and Capitol police . The assailant , who had nursed grievances against President Donald Trump and the GOP , fought a gun battle with police before he , too , was shot and later died .
Colleagues said Scalise , who had been fielding balls at second base , dragged themselves away from the infield , leaving a trail of blood before they rushed to their assistance . They were listed in critical condition Wednesday night at a Washington hospital , which said they will require several more operations .
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson , a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called “ Terminate the Republican Party . ”
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise 's security detail wounded the shooter , who was taken into custody . They later died of their injuries , Trump told the nation from the White House .
“ Everyone on that field is a public servant , ” Trump said , their tone somber , America 's acrimonious politics set aside for the moment . “ Their sacrifice makes democracy possible . ”
After visiting Scalise Wednesday evening at MedStar Washington Hospital Center , Trump tweeted : “ Rep . Steve Scalise , one of the truly great people , is in very tough shape - but they are a real fighter . Pray for Steve ! ”
Lawmakers noted their good fortune in having armed protectors on hand — “ Thank God , ” they exclaimed over and over — and said otherwise the shooter would have been able to take a huge deadly toll .
Across the Potomac River in Washington , the shocking events left the Capitol horrified and stunned , and prompted immediate reflection on the current hostility and vitriol in American politics . Lawmakers called for a new dialogue on lowering the partisan temperature , and Trump urged Americans to come together as they assumed the role of national unifier for one of the first times in their presidency .
Proceedings were canceled for the day in the House , and instead Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California issued their own calls for unity . “ An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us , ” Ryan said , to prolonged applause . On Thursday House proceedings were to resume as usual , and lawmakers were returning to the Capitol in search of some semblance of normalcy .
Shortly after the shooting , Bernie Sanders , the former candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination , said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for their campaign last year . Sanders said they denounced the violence “ in the strongest possible terms . ”
Scalise , 51 , the No . 3 House Republican leader , was first elected in 2008 . The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for their love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when they secured the job of House whip several years ago .
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said that one of their aides , Zack Barth , was shot but was doing well and expected to fully recover . Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries . A former congressional aide was hospitalized .
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria , Virginia , across the Potomac River from Washington , where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m . They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats . The popular annual face-off , which raises money for charity , is scheduled to go forward as planned Thursday evening at Nationals Park in Washington .
Hodgkinson has been in the area since March , living out of their van , said local FBI Special Agent In Charge Tim Slater . Democratic former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille said they had spoken often with the man on recent mornings at the nearby YMCA .
Hodgkinson 's apparent Facebook page included strong criticism of Republicans and the Trump administration . But Slater said authorities were still working to determine a motive and had “ no indication ” Hodgkinson knew about the ball practice ahead of time .
The GOP lawmakers ' team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted .
Scalise was fielding balls at second base when they were shot , according to lawmakers present . Rep. Mo Brooks , an Alabama Republican , said their colleague “ crawled into the outfield , leaving a trail of blood . ”
“ We started giving them the liquids , I put pressure on their wound in their hip , ” Brooks said .
The gunman had a rifle and “ a lot of ammo , ” said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona , who was at the practice .
Texas Rep. Joe Barton , still in their baseball uniform , told reporters that Scalise 's security detail , Capitol Hill police and then Alexandria police returned fire in a battle that lasted as long as 10 minutes and included dozens of shots .
“ The security detail saved a lot of lives , ” they said . “ It was scary . ”
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout . Barton said their son , Jack , got under an SUV .
Texas Rep. Mike Conaway described what sounded like an explosion , then lawmakers scattering off the field as police roamed in search of the gunman and engaged him .
“ The guy 's down to a handgun , they dropped their rifle , they shoot him , I go over there , they put them in handcuffs , ” Conaway said , adding that if the shooter had “ gotten inside the fence , where a bunch of guys is holed up in the dugout , it would have been like shooting fish in a barrel . ”
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said they had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting . The man calmly asked which party 's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told them they were the Republicans . The man thanked him .
The wounded Capitol Police officers were identified as David Bailey , who was treated for a minor injury , and Crystal Griner , who was shot in the ankle . Also wounded was former congressional aide Matt Mika , who now works for Tyson Foods in its Washington office . Mika 's family said the lobbyist was shot multiple times and was in critical condition following surgery .
The event raised questions about the security of members of Congress . While the top lawmakers , including Scalise , have security details , others do not and they regularly appear in public without protection . The last time a lawmaker was shot was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was hit in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011 .
Following the Giffords shooting , lawmakers have held fewer open town halls and have been advised to increase security at such events .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2ss726I
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A Scranton man will serve more seven years in prison for robbing a city hotel back in 2016 .
Rodney Whiting , 24 , and three others robbed the Econo Lodge , 1175 Kane St. , at gunpoint about 2 a.m. on Feb. 13 , 2016 .
He , plus Kwa'shon Roane , age 24 , of Gloucester , Virginia ; Tracy Whiting , age 24 , of Newport News , Virginia ; and Kelvin Robinson , age 24 , also of Newport News , Virginia were indicted by a federal grand jury about a month after the robbery .
United States District Judge Malachy E. Mannion sentenced Whiting today . They previously pleaded guilty to brandishing a firearm in furtherance of a crime of violence .
Check back for updates .
Alpha Male XL Let 's having telemarketing ads . Start-ups need the Muscle Power of a trip center to operate as a full-on marketing firm . Sales departments help the start-up attain out their voice for the consumers which have either using rival products/services or do n't feel the necessity to purchase anything like which often . It 's the work of the telemarketing services department to create that demand in alter their ways . http : //jackedmuscleextremeadvice.com/alpha-male-xl/
You 're almost there.We 've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration .
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time .
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page .
Where do you get your data ?
For books we utilize Google Books . Google Books has the most comprehensive index of books in the world , so rest assured you 'll find what you are looking for ! For websites , we use and a maintain a cutting edge web scraper that can quickly and accurately pull data from any given website .
📋 What formats do you support ?
We plan to support all of the most common formatting styles including : MLA , APA , Chicago , Turabian , Harvard , and more !
How much does it cost ?
Honestly , we 're not 100 % sure yet . There will be a free version for everyone , a paid version of advanced features , and a discounted version for teachers . Rest assured , we 're committed to making our tools affordable .
Can I create an individual account ?
Yes . Accounts will be available on a individual or classroom basis .
Jim Caldwell ( Photo : Daniel Mears , Detroit News )
Allen Park – Penalties have been a problem for the Detroit Lions this season . That 's something uncharacteristic of a Jim Caldwell-coached team , but an easier pill to swallow when the Lions are off to a 3-1 start .
The Lions currently have the NFL 's second-worst penalty-yardage margin , at minus-125 yards . They are averaging nearly eight infractions a game . Caldwell would like to see that cut by more than half .
“ I know that in terms of penalties , if we 're not at around three a game , then we do n't like it , ” they said . “ It 's never going to be perfect , but nevertheless . I just think that overall we 're just not as good in that area , and that 's something we have to continue to work on . ”
More : Stafford nemesis Peppers , 37 , still ‘ doing it all ' for Panthers
If trends do n't reverse this weekend , penalties could be an issue against the Carolina Panthers , who enter the game as the league 's least-penalized team . The Panthers have been flagged 13 times through four weeks .
The Lions and Panthers draw Craig Wrolstad 's officiating crew this weekend . The group has been kind to the home team the first quarter of the season , throwing 19 flags against them , compared to 32 for visiting opponents .
More : Barber promises free cuts , wine if Lions win Super Bowl
IN the seaside town where I now live , there are more charity shops and cafes than any other kind of business . The charity shops sell a careful percentage of new goods and the cafes welcome hungry tourists .
Quietly , other independent shops come and go . One week they are here and the next they are gone . The main street constantly changes and news is that on the outskirts of the town there will soon be an M & S and an Aldi .
More shoppers will be lured away from the town to the easy free parking of the malls . The car parks that are near to town are filled with camper vans , taking their fill of cheap overnight parking and filling the drains with sanilav .
In some places , it looks like the centre of many of our towns are closing down . Wherever I go in Yorkshire , I am subliminally used to the sight of shuttered and boarded shops . It is quite normal to see ‘ To Let ' signs encouraging people to sign up to the risky business of opening a shop .
Having once done it myself , I know how hard it can be . Converting an old run-down building to be a café and bookshop for my daughter to run was n't an easy task . Thankfully , they soon had a good business and their hard work paid off .
They were lucky . So many high street businesses fail quickly and in the current climate , things are getting worse . As a child , my favourite shop was Woolworths . It was a British institution . Now it is just a distant memory . Likewise , BHS is another name to add to a growing list of shops that have closed . Their passing often leaves an empty scar on the shop frontage of our towns . Yet , councils appear to demand higher and higher business rates .
It is a known that 11 stores a day open on average , while 16 a day close . Official figures state that between 2020 and 2030 half of the UK 's existing shop premises will have gone . 100,000 stores will close , leaving just 120,000 shops on our high street . All because by 2030 e-commerce will account for around 40 per cent of all UK retail sales . It is becoming just too expensive to be a shopkeeper anymore .
On top of this , local councils appear to be doing their best to add to the woes of shopkeepers . People are driven away from the town centre by punitive restrictions on parking . Car drivers complain about rising charges , fewer spaces and spaces that are too small . My local council appears to make parking infringements its number one cash cow . You may never see a copper walking the street , but in Whitby , the parking patrols go by two-by-two
In many towns , local shops that once flourished are now closed . People would now prefer to shop out of town or on the internet . Both are areas where revenue is taken away from local councils . Both seriously add to the decline of the high street .
Yet , town centres are an important part of our communities . They are places to meet friends , talk , and catch up on life events . Our town centres employ thousands of people . They are the lifeblood of the community and need to be supported .
I would urge the Government to put a postcode levy on internet sales . It would be quite easy to apply . Whatever company took the order would simply pay a 10 per cent charge to the local council where the purchase was made . In that way , local business rates could be eased and young entrepreneurs encouraged .
Why should local councils miss out on revenue from shoppers buying goods from faraway places ?
The same revenue levy could also be placed on out-of-town shopping . Multi-national companies should be willing to pay something from their profits back to the communities they exploit . It is no good just paying tax or paying little tax . Why ca n't they pay to subsidise the small businesses they are working so hard to put out of business ? In Yorkshire , we have some of the largest internet giants trading close to the major motorways . Surely , they should be made to pay a percentage to the towns where they put people put of work ?
Then , and only then , would our high streets become a permanent fixture . Small businesses would be in an environment where they could flourish and shoppers would have a proper high street once again where there would be a diversity of shops .
It does n't have to be an US and them situation with local shops and out of town and internet sales . All that those who support remote shopping should understand is that they have a responsibility to keep local communities funded – and local people in much-needed jobs .
GP Taylor is a writer and broadcaster . They live in Whitby .
You do n't need to have a glowing controller with these hacks to hide the PS4 's DualShock 4 lightbar .
Plenty of gamers prefer to play their games in a dim or darkened room so that they 're more immersed in what is going on in front of them . However , PlayStation 4 players have been a bit aggravated by the lightbar on DualShock 4 controllers . Thankfully there are some neat and easy ways to hide this bar so it does n't get in your way while playing .
Your DualShock 4 controller is going to glow
On every DualShock 4 controller , there is a lightbar that glows when the controller is powered on . It 's located on the top of the controller , and depending on the game and battery level , it will either glow blue , green , yellow , or red .
While there is n't a way to turn off your light bar , you can hide it so that it is n't quite so aggravating . There are a few ways to do this , but the easiest — and the most fun — method involves finding yourself a sweet decal online . That 's right , industrious gamers have created a variety of decals that can hide most or all of your lightbar .
Decal stickers from Flaming Toast
You can pick up a decal sticker that has a custom name on it , pick from a variety of geeky logos , or even completely block out the lightbar — although this last option might be a bad call since your lightbar will glow red when the battery is getting ready to die .
It 's a simple vinyl sticker that just gets attached to the lightbar , and can be removed if you get tired of them . Best of all they are available for less than $ 5 each , which is a serious steal . With options like the Batman logo , Assassin 's Creed symbol , Biohazard , and even an Arc reactor , the nerdier stickers have something for most of us .
Of course there are also total black out stickers , as well as ones you can get customized with your name or gamertag , and even patterns , photographs , and fonts that can be used . There are over 250 options , which gives you plenty of leeway to find the perfect sticker to cut down on the light emitting from your controller .
See at Flaming Toast
Have you covered the lightbar on your controller ?
While the lightbar on DualShock 4 controllers is n't particularly bright in a well lit room , it can definitely become aggravating if you are playing in a dim or dark room . Thankfully there are a few things you can do to hide that light , and have a bit of fun while you 're at it . Have you covered up the lightbar on your DualShock 4 controller ? Be sure to drop us a comment and let us know about it !
Those Affected By Trump 's Travel Ban Hope For End To 'Chaos ' After Supreme Court Case
Enlarge this image toggle caption Deb Amos/NPR Deb Amos/NPR
At the New York City cell phone shop where they do their homework , nine-year-old Ahmed Alhuthaifi says they miss their mom a lot .
`` Sometimes , I feel like I am going to cry , '' they say . `` Trump wo n't let them in . ''
After a years-long effort , their mother , who is stuck in Saudi Arabia , was denied a visa due to President Trump 's restrictions on immigration and travel from certain countries , including Yemen . They and Ahmed 's four younger siblings , who live with her , missed Ahmed 's birthday celebrations on April 3 .
`` He expected them to be here , all their brothers and sisters ; he 's depressed all the time , '' says Fathi Alhuthaifi , their father . `` I need my wife and kids . We are in a bad situation . ''
On Wednesday , the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in a case challenging the ban as discriminatory and unconstitutional . Administration lawyers insist the ban , in effect in full since early December , is a national security necessity .
Alhuthaifi is an American citizen . They emigrated from Yemen more than 20 years ago and runs a successful cell phone business on West 145th St. in Harlem . They named their youngest son McCain , after the Arizona Republican senator they admire .
`` As soon as you step your feet in this country , you feel you are part of the country , '' they say . But the administration 's travel ban has dashed their dream of uniting their family in New York . All their kids have U.S. passports , but the younger ones , they explain , ca n't be without their mother , who is not a U.S. citizen .
`` We thought we were very lucky . It 's a dream country . But the time has changed , '' they say .
The ban , issued in September , restricts travel from Iran , Libya , North Korea , Syria , Venezuela , Somalia and Yemen . Chad , originally on the list , was removed earlier this month .
Whatever the outcome in the Supreme Court , the Trump ban has already sown `` chaos '' in affected families across the country , says Muna Jondy , a Michigan immigration lawyer of Syrian descent who counsels families in the U.S. whose relatives are now barred from joining them .
`` My clients are freaking out , '' they say . `` This causes chaos with work visas , student visas , bringing families here . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Deb Amos/NPR Deb Amos/NPR
The Yemeni-American Merchants Association of New York mounted a one-hour protest Tuesday , the day before the Supreme Court hearing . Zaid Alnagi , the association 's vice president , distributed posters across the city and created hashtags for a social media campaign , # IamAmericanToo and # BodegaStrike .
`` The executive order , at its heart , says Yemeni people are bad and they need to stay away . We say no ! We are part of the fabric of the country , '' says Alnagi , an American citizen who has not been able to bring their mother to New York . Them visa was denied this year .
President Trump 's campaign pledge for a `` total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States '' is at the center of the Supreme Court debate . The president 's executive orders did not cite religion but rather security concerns that motivated their ban .
`` It 's not a Muslim ban and it never has been — the whole Muslim ban narrative is little better than a hoax , '' says Mark Krikorian , executive director of the conservative Center for Immigration Studies and a White House advisor on immigration . They support stricter limits on the current immigration system .
`` The travel ban targets specific , terrorism-infected countries and , as a practical matter , would apply to a relatively small share of the world 's Muslims , '' they say .
Critics of the ban , including a judge in Hawaii who ruled against the ban , charge that the biggest burden is felt in the Muslim-majority nations on the list .
`` No national from any of the countries impacted is responsible for a death from terrorists on U.S. soil since 1975 , '' says Joshua Geltzer , one of 52 former national security officials who submitted an amicus brief to the Supreme Court , declaring that the Trump administration has failed the show how the travel ban bolsters national security .
They argue that the countries subjected to the ban `` do n't seem to have any resemblance to where terrorism threats are emanating from . ''
`` The thing that is frustrating is it 's stereotyping , '' says Dr. Ziad Alnabki , a Syrian-American cardiologist in Jacksonville , Fla. `` We ca n't just label all of them terrorists and close the door for them coming in . ''
Alnabki first came to the U.S. more than a decade ago for their medical residency in Tennessee , after graduating first in their class from Damascus University . After Syria descended into a brutal civil war , Alnabki applied for immigrant visas for their parents . After years of waiting , they finally got an interview this year at the U.S. embassy in Cairo .
`` We were shocked when their application was denied at the beginning of the year . The travel ban came along and we could n't get them here , '' they say .
`` I love my job , it 's the most rewarding thing in my life , '' says Alnabki , who works in a cardiac unit . `` I take care of patients , and the son or the daughter gives me a hug . But at the same time , I ca n't have my parents next to me here so I can see them and they can see my kids . ''
While the ban allows for case-by-case waivers , those waivers are rare . According to Reuters , about 100 waivers were granted between December and early March . More than 8,000 had applied for U.S. visas in that period from countries affected by the ban .
The letter informing Alnabki that their parents would not be granted visas also said they were not eligible for a waiver .
`` It 's totally arbitrary , '' says Jondy , the Michigan-based immigration lawyer , who handled Alnabki 's case . `` One client who is a doctor , their parents are stranded in Cairo ; but another family in Damascus did get a waiver . They are Christians , '' they say .
They say the few cases she 's handled do n't show a pattern yet , but they advise their clients who are Christian to include their religious affiliation in the application . They say those who do so have been granted waivers .
`` I am doing things like putting in a baptismal certificate , '' they say . `` That is not normally the evidence that you submit in a waiver application , but it has worked . ''
Jondy says they field hundreds of panicked calls and text messages from clients who plead for help . The stress , says this second-generation immigrant and American citizen , has been overwhelming for all concerned .
`` You just ca n't have an arbitrary policy that 's based on discrimination against Muslims , '' they say , which is their view of the travel ban . `` It 's just basically , 'We do n't want them here and so let 's find a way to get them not to come here . ' ``
Dan Graziano examines Marshawn Lynch 's decision to sit during the national anthem before Oakland 's 20-10 preseason loss to the Cardinals on Saturday . ( 1:09 )
NAPA , Calif. -- Still surprised that Marshawn Lynch chose to stay seated during the national anthem before the Oakland Raiders ' preseason opener at the Arizona Cardinals on Saturday ?
You should not be .
Think Lynch 's taking a page from Colin Kaepernick 's protest book from a year ago is going to be a locker room and front-office distraction ?
Think again .
`` I 'm going to respect you as a man , '' Raiders coach Jack Del Rio said to Marshawn Lynch concerning their decision to remain seated during the national anthem on Saturday . AP Photo/Rick Scuteri
Oakland coach Jack Del Rio said Lynch told them they have been sitting for the anthem for 11 years ( though Lynch has been seen standing ) , and these are still the anti-establishment Raiders , whose owner , Mark Davis , had Tommie Smith light the Al Davis Torch in Mexico City in November .
Davis told ESPN.com last year that they wrestled with the decision to have Smith , whose black-gloved-raised-fist salute with John Carlos on the medal stand at the 1968 Olympics remains a seminal moment in the civil rights movement , honor their father in the wake of Kaepernick 's protest .
Although Mark Davis has said in the past -- most recently at the Raiders ' 2016 game in Mexico City -- that they prefer any protests by Raiders players be done out of uniform , Davis said there would be no punishment if players did participate in such actions .
“ The contradiction was weighing on me , ” Davis said at the time . “ I mean , I 've got Tommie Smith lighting the torch , but I did n't want the players protesting the flag or anthem ? ”
Davis talked with team leaders Derek Carr and Khalil Mack to let them know what they were thinking of doing .
Lynch 's sitting on a cooler , holding a banana , ignoring the anthem on the sideline might tweak Del Rio , who insisted it is n't an issue after they said they “ very strongly ” believes in standing for the anthem . Lynch 's sitting could be a pebble in Davis ' shoe .
But given the history of the franchise and how it has been at the forefront of social issues -- Tom Flores was the first Latino professional quarterback before they became the first minority coach to win a Super Bowl , Art Shell was the first African-American head coach in modern NFL history , and Amy Trask was the first female CEO -- you 'd half-expect the Raiders to sign Kaepernick ... if they did n't already have Carr , EJ Manuel and Connor Cook .
“ I 'm going to respect you as a man , ” Del Rio said they told Lynch after the game . And yes , Lynch 's sitting was a surprise to the team . “ You do your thing , and we 'll do ours . ”
Lynch was long gone from the Raiders ' locker room by the time media descended upon it Saturday night . But the running back , who was retired last season when Kaepernick began their protest against racism and police brutality , spoke on the topic in September on Conan O'Brien 's late night talk show .
“ With what 's going on , I 'd rather see [ Kaepernick ] take a knee than stand up , put their hands up and get murdered , ” a demonstrative Lynch said at the time . “ So I mean , my take on it is [ it 's ] got to start somewhere . If that was the starting point , I just hope people open up their eyes to see that there 's really a problem going on and something needs to be done for it to stop . And I mean , if you 're really not racist , then you wo n't see what [ Kaepernick has ] done , what he 's doing , as a threat to America , but just addressing a problem that we have . ”
Compare Lynch 's year-old stance with what Davis said in the fall .
“ The Raiders have always stood for diversity and rights , ” Davis told me , “ but I just do n't think they should protest while in uniform . This is not a police state . If there was an issue , come talk to me . Hell , I may go and stand up there with them .
“ My dad always said , ' I 'd rather be right than consistent . ' ”
Just a year ago , Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid had everyone dying to know whether or not they were engaged . The fan-favorite couple wo n't be raising such suspicions anymore now they 've confirmed they split after a two-year plus relationship . Adding to their collection of body art , Malik 's two new neck tattoos seem to commemorate the recent breakup .
It 's no secret that the newly single Malik is n't a stranger to needle and ink . Their body modifications are always under scrutiny from fans , so much so that their tats always catch the media 's eye . Their Voldemort tattoo was a spectacle for both Potterheads and the singer 's fanbase . Then there was their tattoo of eyes that had Twitter users chirping up a storm when speculations rose that it was Hadid 's peepers . There 's no telling for sure whether or not the star really had a tat honoring their then girlfriend . But one thing is for sure : Malik 's freshly inked art has many wondering if the former One Direction member has undergone a post-breakup transformation .
Malik took to Instagram to show off their latest work and the pieces are far from minuscule . Keeping up with their tattoo count is nearly impossible these days , but it wo n't be hard to miss these super visible additions .
Showing off the inking process , Malik posted a flick of their artist completing the clavicle piece . `` Neck yat '' , the singer captioned the photo , putting their already covered chest and neck on full display . They later gave fans a close-up of what the front neck tat included .
The number `` 25 '' , with the two in red and the five in black , was the tat the artist completed a couple of days prior . The caption-less debut offered no insight into the meaning behind the numbers or their color variation .
It 's worth nothing , however , that Malik is 25-years-old . Perhaps , this marks a significant time in the singer 's life . Without an official explanation from the tattoo 's host , nobody can say for sure , though .
Malik 's tattoo session did n't stop there . The real head-turner of the pair of neck tats is the massive rose now making itself at home on the back of the singer 's head .
The flower , beginning at the bottom of their cranium and extending down to their neck , is quite the looker . As noticed by TeenVogue , the stem would likely stick out like a permanent rattail even if they covered the flower by growing out their locks again . Not sure if that 's the look Malik was going for , but the giant rose does have that effect .
Malik 's ink is n't the only thing that falls in line with a post-breakup makeover . The singer recently returned to a blonde mane , making their cosmetic adjustments seemingly coincide with the recent changes in their personal life .
Although the pair is no longer an item , Malik and Hadid seem to have split on good terms . They took to Twitter to post a statement that confirmed this was n't just some fly-by-night , temporary split , but things were n't left in a negative space .
`` Gigi and I had an incredibly meaningful , loving and fun relationship and I have a huge amount of respect and adoration for Gigi as a woman and a friend , '' the statement read . `` I 'm grateful to all of our fans for respecting this difficult decision and our privacy at this time , we wish this news could have come from us first , '' it continued .
Overall , it seems Malik is handling the breakup well . A couple of tats and a hair change later , they seem to be living life . The singer even has a recently leaked remix of August Alsina 's `` Do n't Matter '' trending amongst their fans .
Way to move on , bro , way to move on .
Real estate heavyweights clearly do n't want to be left in the dust by tech startups that see opportunities to do things more efficiently , more transparently , and more affordably than has previously been possible in the long clubby , expensive , and opaque world of real estate .
Just one indicator is their sudden interest in venture capital . Indeed , a six-year-old , Beverly Hills , Ca.-based early-stage firm called Navitas Capital that focuses largely on real estate tech , including intelligent building design , just sealed up a $ 60 million fund from investors that include the real-estate investment firm Divco West Real Estate Services ; the commercial real estate services company JLL ; and Saint-Gobain , a French multinational corporation that designs , manufactures and distributes construction materials .
A fourth limited partner — Equity Residential , a publicly traded company that owns apartment properties — is also an investor in Fifth Wall Ventures , another young , real-estate-focused , L.A.-based venture outfit . Fifth Wall had closed on $ 212 million in commitments from real estate industry giants back in May .
For Navitas , the fund is triple the size of its debut effort , which closed with $ 20 million in 2011 . Some interesting bets undoubtedly account for some of that investor interest . ( The firm has n't had any big exits yet ) . Among other companies in its portfolio are the construction management software company PlanGrid , and the 3D-visualization startup Matterport .
Six-year-old PlanGrid has raised $ 65 million to date ; Matterport , founded in 2010 , has raised $ 66 million from investors so far .
Navitas — which expects to invest up to $ 5 million in each of its newest portfolio companies — was cofounded by Travis Putnam , who previously worked as a senior analyst at an investment banking firm formerly called Murphy & Associates . Another cofounder , Jim Pettit , was previously a principal with Bancroft Capital , a real estate investment firm in California .
To invest their new fund , the pair has brought aboard a new managing partner , Gary Dillabough , who was previously a managing partner at Westly Group . There , Dillabough had led the firm 's smart buildings and energy efficiency practice .
As with Fifth Wall , Navitas is betting its backers ' vested interest in its portfolio companies will help them vault past competitors .
They may need the help . As of the third quarter , at least 108 real estate-focused startups in North America had raised seed or early-stage rounds over the previous 12 months , securing more than $ 400 million , according to Crunchbase data . In comparison , during the same period a year earlier , 102 companies had raised less than $ 300 million .
Featured Image : Shutterstock ( IMAGE HAS BEEN MODIFIED )
Staff Reporter
Aerobatic teams from Turkey and Saudi Arabia will be performing in the largest ever show by Pakistan Air Force ( PAF ) to mark its 70th anniversary today ( Monday ) . The special appearance of “ Solo Turk ” , the famous Turkish aerobatic team of Turkish Air Force and the internationally acclaimed “ Saudi Hawks ” of Royal Saudi Air Force alongside PAF aircraft will add colours to the mega event . The members of the two teams in a media interaction on Sunday expressed happiness to be part of Pakistan 's Independence Day celebrations . “ We will hold demo flight in order to show infinite brotherhood between Turkish and Pakistani nations , ” Emrah Bayri , First Lieutenant of Turkish Air Force and a member of Solo Turk team told media . They said Solo Turk team consisted of two pilots , Captain Erhan Gunar and Captain Serdar Dogan , who would fly the demo aircraft in sequence , supported by 11 personnel . “ During the show , Solo Turk pilots will put the aircraft to limits of plus 9 G 's to negative 3 G 's by the support of a very powerful engine of F-16C . Flares dispensed by the aircraft will enhance the visualisation of the demo accompanied by smoke-winders at its each tip , ” they added . They said it would be their team 's effort to put a better show on the stage for the spectators . “ All the maneuvers are improved by our pilots , who have the high standard of education . The whole show has been developed without a support of any other demo team . Surely , we can say this belongs to our nation , ” they remarked . Erhan and Serdar said they were very happy to become part of Pakistan 's Independence Day celebrations . Col Mousa Al , who is heading the internationally acclaimed , “ Saudi Hawks ” of Royal Saudi Air Force said , “ We feel honoured and happy to be here to take part in Pakistan 's Independence Day celebrations. ” “ Our team consists of six pilots . We are glad to be part of these celebrations , ” they added . Besides the two teams , JF-17 Thunder will also be performing in the much-awaited air show . Mirage , SAAB-2000 , and Augusta-139 from PAF , while MI-17 and PUMA helicopters from Army Aviation would also perform during the show in Islamabad , whereas , F-16 , PAF aerobatics team Sherdil , P-3C Orion , Z-9 , Alouette-III and Sea King helicopters would mesmerise the audience at Sea View Karachi on August , 14 .
Related
The New York Police Department is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan.What police sources describe as a possible pipe bomb detonated in a passageway below ground at the Port Authority.One person is in custody . One minor injury has been reported.The incident happened in an MTA passageway at the terminal at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue.Streets are being closed in the vicinity of the terminal.The A , C and E lines are being evacuated at this time.There are also the following subway disruptions : , 2 , 3 , N , Q , R , W and 7 trains are bypassing Times Sq-42 St in both directions.A , C and E trains are bypassing 42 St/Port Authority-Bus Terminal in both directions.There is no 42 St shuttle service in both directions.There is no B train service between Bedford Park Blvd and Brighton Beach in both directions.E trains are stopping along the F line between 36 St ( QNS ) and W 4 St-Washington Sq in both directions.These service changes are because of the NYPD investigation at Times Sq-42 St.The NYPD , FDNY and first responders are on the scene.The White House says President Trump has been briefed on the explosion .
The hunt is on again as visitors prepare to scour Ripley for hidden pigheaded scarecrows .
Already dotted throughout the village in rafters , trees and on walls work is well underway for the return of Ripley Scarecrow Pigfest on Wednesday , August 23 .
Originally organised by Karen Evans the scarecrow trail has continued to grow and encourage people to visit the countryside , following on from the foot and mouth crisis in 2001 .
The theme of pigs has its roots in the Ingilby family , Sir Thomas Ingilby of Ripley Castle is said to have saved King Edward III from being gored by a wild boar in 1355 . All the scarecrows carry a pigs head and themed because of this story .
Shops throughout the village are offering visitors the chance to purchase competition sheets , and cataloge the scarecrow 's name and a number that is assigned to them . Once completed and checked sheets will be entered into a prize draw , with names pulled from a hat .
Competition sheets cost £3 and can be purchased from shops or in Ripley .
Big corporations need new strategies in a world of digital disruptors . That means setting ambitious visions and coming up with concrete action plans . The new C-suite mantra : “ What 's your play ? ”
advertisement
Digital technology is radically changing the behavior of individuals , corporations , and entire societies , and disruption seems to be the new normal . CEOs are faced with the dual challenge of protecting their backyards from upstarts and incumbents while simultaneously devising strategies that will guide their growth for the next five years .
For most , this is a daunting task . If you are a senior executive faced with these challenges , how do you ensure the continued growth and sustainability of your company ? Or , to put it another way , What 's your play ?
Some Fortune 500 companies are doubling down on defensive strategies , promoting cost efficiency and productivity to protect their core business . Others are attempting to “ future-proof ” their business model through acquisitions . For instance , following a five-year acquisition spree , Walmart 's $ 3 billion deal with Jet.com signals a serious commitment to competing with Amazon.com . General Motors Co. is clearly thinking about the future of car ownership with its ( unsuccessful ) attempted acquisition of Lyft .
None of this is wrong , and the logic makes sense . But is either approach sufficient to sustain the growth and health of your business and demark you from competition longer term ? We believe not .
When challenged by a host of disruptors who are exploiting traditional market dynamics , finding growth opportunities in increasingly onerous regulatory and competitive conditions is hard these days . And harnessing the power of constantly evolving digital technology to break down well-established barriers to entry and devise new business models is a complex endeavor . To rise above the fray in this challenging context , you need to find ways to fight a battle you 're well positioned to win . For leaders of big companies , this means capitalizing on an ability to do things the disruptors simply ca n't — set an ambitious vision , plan globally , invest strategically , and mobilize considerable resources to assert digital dominance . In other words , elevate above the level of the disruptors and transform your scale from a liability into an asset .
This may sound easy , but it is n't . Too many companies are still formulating their growth strategies based on traditional growth planning approaches — yearly cycles , historical analytics , and incremental thinking . With the velocity and uncertainty that characterize this new digital economy , traditional growth planning has reached the end of its useful shelf life . It just wo n't get you there .
Companies need to reframe the way strategy is formulated around three fundamental truths , and plot their next steps by embracing and owning these truths :
Truth 1 : You ca n't analyze your way to the future ; you need to invent it .
Traditional analytical models that have been the bedrock of strategic planning for years are important as a means of establishing a foundational understanding of the world that exists today and the current opportunity areas . However , if you are looking to define a strategy that will enable your company to achieve disproportionate growth and create competitive advantage , you need to push beyond pure analysis .
What if the razor industry , dominated in the United States by giants Gillette and Schick , had looked beyond known competitors to anticipate the value in a direct-to-consumer subscription service ? Would the e-commerce razor delivery company Dollar Shave Club have had such a meteoric rise ? And would powerhouse Unilever , which acquired the startup in 2016 , have expanded as meaningfully into the shaving business ?
What 's your play ?
Successful digital strategy requires a blend of deductive analysis and the type of inductive reasoning that powers the creative leaps that anticipate , and often open , fundamentally new markets . To help your organization see into the future , focus on creating an organizational culture that values a mix of inside-out and outside-in thinking .
Think about what the world will look like five to 10 years out — across a range of different industries , not just your own . In this future world , how do the needs of your current consumer change ? Are there new opportunities outside of your existing consumer base or current product offerings ?
Next , imagine removing your company 's existing business and economic restraints from the equation . How would you use digital technology to overcome barriers and capture these opportunities ? Run this exercise with a tiger team of out-of-the-box thinkers from across your organization . Let these inputs form the basis of your strategy formulation process .
Frontiers Email Updates Get periodic email updates on how technology is reshaping the practice of management . Sign up Please enter a valid email address Thank you for signing up Privacy Policy
Truth 2 : Competitive evolution is no longer linear — it 's exponential and disruptive . Your strategy needs to reflect these dynamics .
Defining a destination point that 's three to five years out is critical for focusing resources in a manner necessary for scale . However , the strategy ca n't just be a fixed game-plan that serves as marching orders for the foreseeable future . Strategy needs to take the form of a living , breathing process . Much like software development has evolved from traditional waterfall models to agile development , strategy formulation must embrace an approach that adjusts to rapidly shifting conditions in the market . Without dynamism and nimble capacity for adjustment , companies find themselves in situations where they simultaneously miss opportunities and create attractive windows for disruptors to attack .
Consider that as late as 2008 , former Blockbuster CEO Jim Keyes stated that Netflix , the video rental company that started out by mailing discs through the postal service and now streams media and video direct to consumers , was not “ even on the radar screen in terms of competition. ” Yet within two years , Blockbuster , which built its name on brick-and-mortar video-rental shops , was bankrupt . Netflix , meanwhile , was on pace to acquire over 65 million global streaming subscribers . The decision of Netflix CEO Reed Hastings to go all-in on streaming was a strategic bet against Blockbuster . Hastings knew that Blockbuster 's traditional advantages — retail network , inventory , and sales staff — would quickly become unsustainable liabilities in the digital world .
What 's your play ?
We 've reached the end of the well-defined strategic planning cycle . You and your team must design a process through which you can continuously assess market dynamics , monitor the impact and opportunities presented by business and technology changes , and adjust direction to ensure you are constantly moving toward the goal . Do n't make digital strategy a slave to your budgeting process . Create a dynamic series of sprints with a clear endgame in mind — and build flexible investment capacity to respond .
Truth 3 : Ambition for growth is n't the problem . Your biggest hurdle may stem from an inability to catalyze the organization into action .
Big companies do n't lack ambition . More often than not , their primary challenge is getting leadership to put sufficient tension on the company to start the digital transition . Many organizations believe that defining the goal will be enough to spark the action required to capitalize on the opportunities . In reality , many of today 's Fortune 500 companies are not designed to make bold moves . Multinational companies are optimized for efficiency , which makes it challenging for fundamentally new initiatives , ideas , and processes to gain traction . In keeping with the desire for operational efficiency , many companies are staffed with employees who are focused on performance excellence , implementation , and mitigating risk . Compounding these inherent challenges , capital flows to the lowest-risk ventures . Within public companies , this is exacerbated by the need to report quarterly earnings and manage earnings per share .
Barnes & Noble has grappled with these challenges for years — first failing to invest aggressively in online bookselling during the early rise of Amazon , and then playing the laggard in the e-reader race . Reeling from a series of brick-and-mortar closures over the last five years , the book retailer is struggling to galvanize action behind a solid growth strategy .
What 's your play ?
From Six Sigma to agile development , strategies within today 's modern organizations are devoted to constant process improvement . While there is value in these models , if your efforts are entirely focused on the perfection of an established process , it is difficult to devote time , energy , and investment to new digital plays . Provide space and acceptance across your teams for experimentation and ideation . Build time to explore new approaches into your organization 's key performance indicators ( KPIs ) or objective and key results ( OKRs ) .
And remember , for any growth plan to succeed , you must have a plan to catalyze action across the company . This is n't plain sailing , so how do you go about it ? Give your team a common enemy to rally against . Create a persona of the competitor-of-the-future likely to disrupt your business — where will it happen , and how ? Socialize this personification widely ; make sure that every department knows what kind of competitor the company is up against and why their department 's input matters to win the battle .
Business leaders focused on generating sustainable growth are right to be concerned about potential disruption . But planning for the future by focusing exclusively on the realities of today is a shortsighted approach , and one that may result in the eventual demise of leading global companies . Big corporations can use their scale to fight back . To achieve the desired result , your digital growth strategy needs to be future focused , dynamic , and should provide a rallying cry that unites your entire business .
advertisement
The august and serious folk at the IETF have always had a soft spot for their April Fool 's jokes , and so do others – so much that a proposal to deprecate a joke has met with successful resistance .
From what feels like the Internet Dark Ages of the 1990s , was the Hyper Text Coffee Pot Control Protocol , a joking anticipation of the Internet of Things , which gave the world HTTP Error 418 :
2.3.2 418 I 'm a teapot Any attempt to brew coffee with a teapot should result in the error code `` 418 I 'm a teapot '' . The resulting entity body MAY be short and stout .
The spirit of the joke was so appreciated that Error 418 popped up in projects like node.js , ASP.NET , Google Go and others besides .
Fast forward from 1998 to 2017 , when IETF HTTPBIS Working Group chair Mark Nottingham rashly opined that Error 418 should be removed from node.js , ASP.NET , and Go .
Their ( perfectly reasonable ) argument was that genuine standards might one day need the number and if the gag persisted in implementations even as a joke , that 'd possibly become problematic :
“ While we have a number of spare 4xx HTTP status codes that are unregistered now , the semantics of HTTP are something that ( hopefully ) are going to last for a long time , so one day we may need this code point . ”
Proving that millennials are n't killing everything on the planet , high schooler Shane Brunswick mounted save418.com to preserve the error code .
Brunswick 's argument was that “ It 's a reminder that the underlying processes of computers are still made by humans . It 'd be a real shame to see 418 go ” , and they were supported by the author of a “ 418-related ” April 1 RFC , I Nazsar , who crafted The Hyper Text Coffee Pot Control Protocol for Tea Efflux Appliances ( HTCPCP-TEA ) and said “ I think you 're doing a great thing , trying to save something of the old whimsical Internet from the ravages of the Overly Professional ” /
Brunswick carried the day , with Nottingham offering the most graceful reversal possible : on Friday , they hoisted this white flag , giving Error 418 “ reserved ” status in the IANA Status Code Registry .
If , one day , the registry runs out of status codes , 418 's status could be revisited . ®
Bootnote : In our background reading for this story , Vulture South has made a shocking discovery : we know who to blame for the permanent trash-fire that is Internet of Things security . Here 's the damning text , with italics added by The Reg .
From RFC 2324 :
Coffee pots heat water using electronic mechanisms , so there is no fire . Thus , no firewalls are necessary , and firewall control policy is irrelevant .
Even the very first April 1 RFC , “ TELNET RANDOMLY-LOSE Option ” had to be annotated “ note date of issue ” because some people took it seriously . We fear the same is true of RFC 2324 , given that there are insecure coffee machines out there .
Sponsored : The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
BORYS KRAWCZENIUK / STAFF PHOTO JED Pool Tools/Northeastern Plastics co-owner Alan Heyen , right , explains machinery to U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey , who toured the plant Friday . At left is Kevin Shivers , executive director of the National Federation of Independent Business PA. U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey tours the JED Pool Tools/Northeastern Plastics in Scranton on Friday . From left , company co-owner , Cindi Heyen , Toomey , Kevin Shivers , executive director of the National Federation of Independent Business PA , and co-owner Alan Heyen . BORYS KRAWCZENIUK/STAFF PHOTO
SCRANTON — U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey visited a city plastics manufacturer Friday to tout congressional Republicans ' and President Donald Trump 's tax cuts and reforms .
Standing inside JED Pool Tools/Northeastern Plastics in the city 's Pine Brook neighborhood , Toomey said the company will benefit significantly from the cuts and reforms .
“ It lowers the tax burden , it creates new incentives for investing in one 's own business , buying new equipment , new machinery , the kinds of things that create jobs for the people here in Pennsylvania , ” they said .
Toomey said companies across the country announced bonuses and pay raises for more than 3 million Americans since the tax cuts took effect earlier this month .
“ At the end of the day , there 's no question that this business will owe less in taxes than it otherwise would and that means more resources available to reinvest here in growing this business , ” Toomey said .
Cindi Heyen , who co-owns the company with their husband , Alan , said a company accountant told them the firm will save 20 percent on its tax bill and be able to write off the purchase of new equipment faster , which could lead to better pay for employees . The company employs 30 .
“ We have some really good people and we want to get them raises , give them raises that they deserve , ” they said .
JED Pool Tools makes swimming pool accessories such as skimmers and water test kit boxes , Heyen said . Northeastern Plastics makes specialty plastic products , including locker handles and barber supplies such as brushes and clipper and blade racks .
Contact the writer :
bkrawczeniuk @ timesshamrock.com ;
570-348-9147 ;
@ BorysBlogTT on Twitter
London
Former prime minister Nawaz Sharif 's wife Kulsoom Nawaz , who is currently undergoing treatment for lymphoma , has been discharged from hospital.Kulsoom was admitted to the Harley Street clinic in an emergency Sunday morning and discharged after 10 hours . Them sons , Hasan and Hussain Nawaz , had brought them to the hospital .
On March 6 , doctors treating the former prime minister 's wife had noted the reappearance of tumour nodes .
Kulsoom has been undergoing chemotherapy in London after being diagnosed with lymphoma — a cancer of the lymph nodes in the middle of last year . They underwent a total of six chemotherapy sessions and three surgeries during the past seven months .
After a series of scans last week , doctors detected the resurgence of the tumour , and a team of doctors will now decide on further surgery along with strong radiotherapy treatment . The former premier 's wife was diagnosed with the disease by British doctors on August 22 , 2017.—INP
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The owners of the much-loved Bristol Christmas Bike have returned to the city to spread festive cheer this Christmas – after overcoming the tragic loss of their son and daughter-in-law .
Edwin and Dawn Simons have pulled on the leathers and revved up the Honda Gold Wing for the first time since 2012 , after Edwin was involved in a serious motorcycle crash and their son , Ross , and their wife Clare , were killed in a hit-and-run .
The couple were taking part in a tandem bike ride on a Sunday afternoon in January 2013 when dangerous driver Nicholas Lovell crashed into them at high-speed .
Lovell , who was on drugs at the time , was subsequently jailed for ten years and six months – which prompted parents Edwin and Dawn to campaign for a law-change , to make the punishment for dangerous drivers more severe .
In October of this year , the Government announced plans to increase the penalty for those who caused death by dangerous driving to a maximum life imprisonment – which offered some form of closure for Ross and Clare 's relatives .
Speaking to the Bristol Post , Dawn said : “ In November 2012 , Edwin was injured in a motorbike accident – they ended up with a massive hole in their ankle .
“ And then just a few months later , in January 2013 , my son and daughter-in-law were killed in a hit-and-run in Hanham .
“ It 's scary but we are five years on now and we have got to push on , as tough as it is . Ross always helped us out with the Christmas bike before .
“ It 's something for them and all our family and friends are so excited to see it back . For them , I think it shows that we 're getting there .
“ We just want to get the bike out there . ”
Edwin purchased a brand new Honda Gold Wing earlier this year for approximately £32,000 , and spent most of November kitting it out with tinsel , a miniature Christmas tree and nearly 20,000 lights .
Taking to the streets of Bristol , Edwin and Dawn say they are on a mission to bring some much-needed Christmas cheer this December while raising much-needed funds for the Great Western Air Ambulance ( GWAA ) .
“ When people see it , it brings a smile to people 's faces , ” Dawn , 64 , added .
“ We have had a really big five years of campaigning and that has taken so much of our time but we have kept our promise and we are back on the bike and raising money for the GWAA .
“ We are going out pretty much every day . ”
If you would like a visit from the Bristol Christmas Bike , contact Edwin and Dawn via their Facebook page here .
You may also be interested in ...
In a recent article written by Eliot A Cohen , a contributory editor of “ The Atlantic ” and Director of Strategic Studies at Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies , has termed Rex Tillerson as the worst Secretary of State . They base their arguments on Tillerson 's corporate experience as head of the biggest oil company Exxon Mobil which handicapped their abilities because of poor “ familiarity with the work of diplomacy ” and “ his failures stem not from stupidity or general incompetence but from a specific set of disabilities ” , acquired from years of being head of the biggest corporation with wide powers .
The problem with Pakistan 's rather dismal performance in the field of foreign affairs is poor choice of people . Diplomacy is a specialised field where individuals educated in international and foreign affairs from recognised institutions acquire skills working under experienced diplomats before they qualify to be posted as ambassador . Unfortunately both civil and military governments made political appointments with sole objective to protect interest of ruling party . Neither corporate experience nor professional competence in military has any relevance and in fact are a handicap .
In the past , Pakistan was needed by US for their short-term strategic goals in Afghanistan and shortcomings of our diplomats could be overlooked but with relations at all-time low , situation demands that we utilise best of our diplomats to skilfully make inroads and diplomatically mellow an offensive Senate and West Wing in Washington .
MALIK TARIQ ALI
Lahore
Related
Updated at 7:15 p.m . ET
Two police officers were shot and critically wounded Tuesday in Dallas , police said .
The shooter has not been captured , reported TV station WFAA . Police were searching in a wooded area behind the Home Depot where the shooting happened , according to the Dallas Morning News .
A civilian was also shot . Police said the person 's condition was unknown .
The incident happened as the officers helped a security guard `` responding to an incident '' at the Home Depot , WFAA said . The TV station described both officers as `` rookies in their 20s '' and said one of them was shot in the back of the head .
A nearby stop on the regional DART train will be closed indefinitely because of the police presence .
City officials , including Mayor Mike Rawlings , offered good wishes to the officers Tuesday evening .
This is a breaking news story . This post will be updated .
An economic tidal wave is headed our way . It 's inevitable . First , it will lift the Dow to 31,000 . Then it will crash , wiping out the life savings of millions . But there is a way to ride the “ crest ” of this wave , escape the destruction , and grow your wealth in the process .
An economic tidal wave is headed our way . It 's inevitable . First , it will lift the Dow to 31,000 . Then it will crash , wiping out the life savings of millions . But there is a way to ride the “ crest ” of this wave , escape the destruction , and grow your wealth in the process . Read more
I just returned from the Mojave Desert . It 's the driest spot in North America , a forbidding yet beautiful place . But you know what it has a lot of ? Gold .
In fact , you might say there 's a new gold wave starting there .
During my trip , I visited an interesting gold developer . The project is a beehive of activity as the company races toward production .
The fascinating thing about this project is it 's not hard to find gold ore. Not at all . It outcrops right at the surface . The project is nestled in the belly of an ancient , highly mineralized volcanic caldera .
In fact , Arizona has a rich mining history . You ca n't drive around without tripping over the ghosts of prospectors past : Gold Rush Road , Silver Bell Mine , Silver Creek , Golden Valley — you get the idea .
In fact , the nearest town to this project contains 53,983 mines !
Most of them are n't working mines , of course . Most of them are death traps . Lures for every wild kid and adrenaline-fueled spelunker . Ancient holes that will collapse on the unlucky and unwary .
These holes are old “ adits. ” That comes from the Latin aditus , or “ entrance. ” Adits are used to explore for mineral veins .
Do you want to go exploring in those holes ? I sure do n't . But that 's what the old-timers did — chasing visible high-grade gold and silver .
As we often see in gold , the mining comes in waves . The last wave of gold mining in the Mojave ended with a bang — a bang we call World War II . Gold mining was deemed unnecessary for the war effort . The miners were shipped off to fight .
But things change . Now , there 's a heck of a wave just starting to roll up in Arizona and Nevada .
I 'm ready to surf that wave . You should be , too .
My trip to this project started with a flight to Las Vegas . That 's because the project is in such a remote corner of Arizona , Las Vegas is the nearest airport of any size .
I piled into a car with another analyst and the CEO of the company .
We had a lot of desert to cross . So , it 's a good thing the CEO drives like the devil is on their tail . We quickly left McCarran International Airport in the rearview mirror and zoomed from the city out to rough country .
Once you get out into real desert , it becomes a moonscape . It 's like driving on an alien planet . Meanwhile , the CEO is a former hockey player , so they regaled us with stories about Wayne Gretzky .
Now who does n't love Gretsky ? Only the best hockey player who ever lived . And an interesting person to ponder as the desert landscape whipped past the windows at ludicrously high speeds .
The CEO told us what they learned from their old teammate Gretzky : “ Never set limits on yourself . ”
The CEO took this to heart as they made their transition to business person . And that 's how they and their team have built a mine faster than might seem possible in the heart of the Mojave .
They are n't skipping any steps , either . They even did a test-run to make sure they 'd get the right recoveries . Importantly , every fund-raising they 've done — it takes a lot of money to build a mine — is done at higher and higher prices . Investors can see the good news on this project .
Our trip was enlightening . It was also on a day that was as hot as Hades . So after we wrapped things up , we took a quick trip to a nearby “ ghost ” town .
This area has been a center of gold-mining activity since the 1800s . The miners of yore used burros . When the gold boom ended , they released the animals into the desert . The burros thrived , and now wander the streets of the town , looking for handouts .
In the old days , miners liked to go drinking after a hard day 's work . But the conditions in the mine would turn the money in their pockets to pulp . So , on the way to the adit , the miners would write their names on dollar bills and tack them on the wall of a nearby saloon .
It 's a tradition that continues today . I 've posted a video showing what the “ wallpaper ” inside one of these saloons can look like . You can find it here : https : //youtu.be/wV5V0fYrVe4
You know who put their dollar up on the wall of this saloon ? Ronald Reagan .
You can see their scribbled name on their bill right in the middle of this photo .
I guess that goes to show that there 's a little gold miner in all of us .
As I said , the next wave of gold mining is just starting to build in the desert . There are some extraordinary opportunities before us , in Arizona , Nevada , Utah and across the West .
That 's good mining country , and there has never been a better time for it . As an ol ' time prospector might tell you , it 's time to “ get a wiggle on ” and get busy .
All the best ,
Sean Brodrick
Lewisham 's watchdog chief has welcomed mayor Sir Steve Bullock 's decision to quit their posts on a charity which faces an independent external review .
The borough 's overview and scrutiny chairperson Cllr Alan Hall has agreed it is “ appropriate ” for the mayor to separate themselves from decisions about plans by developer Renewal to build 2,400 homes around Millwall Football Club 's ground , The Den .
They also agree Sir Steve should be detached from Lewisham council 's bid to seize that land and then hand it over to Renewal using a compulsory purchase order ( CPO ) .
The borough chief announced their resignation as a trustee and director of charity the Surrey Canal Sports Foundation ( SCSF ) at the end of last week , amid an array of reports about the finances of the foundation .
Their move follows the announcement of an independent , external review into the finances of the SCSF , whose management of a planned £40m sports centre Energise is a big plank of a plan by developers Renewal to build 2,400 homes in the area as part of its New Bermondsey scheme .
The borough announced last month it has abandoned attempts to grab land from around The Den . The scrapping of the compulsory purchase order which would force this through has , though , yet to be rubber-stamped , either by Lewisham 's ruling cabinet or full council .
SCSF was the vehicle set up to run Energise , yards from The Den , and house the Millwall Community Scheme and also the club 's highly-regarded academy , both currently based at the club-owned Lions Centre in Bolina Road .
Cllr Hall said : “ I welcome the mayor 's [ of Lewisham 's ] decision to resign as a trustee and director on the board of Surrey Canal Sports Foundation . There remain many questions surrounding the organization and , given that there has been sufficient concern to prompt several high-profile resignations already , it is appropriate that the mayor leaves . Furthermore , it is appropriate that the mayor continues to maintain their separation from decisions surrounding the New Bermondsey development and the CPOs .
“ Meanwhile , it is vital to ensure that the proposed inquiry is truly independent and that the terms of the inquiry are not set by those people whose decisions will be reviewed . This includes the mayor but also the chief executive , the head of law and the deputy mayor .
“ It is essential that Lewisham council continues to retain the confidence of Lewisham residents who place great trust in councillors to do the right thing . I would like to reassure everyone that the Overview and Scrutiny process which I chair , will not be bounced into any rushed decisions and that we will review what are the next steps to take to ensure that this Labour council retains the public 's trust in its ability to do the right thing . That 's why I have requested that the latest allegations in The Guardian be included in the Inquiry . ”
Previously , Southwark council leader Cllr Peter John and 11-times Paralympic Games gold medal winner Tanni Grey-Thompson have left the board of SCSF .
The South London Press revealed yesterday that Sir Steve wrote to SCSF last week to say : “ As you know , I have always sought to make a clear distinction between my trusteeship of SCSF and my role as elected mayor of Lewisham . I was happy to take on my trusteeship because I believed and still continue to believe the Energize project can deliver enormous benefits to the people of the borough .
“ But given the amount of recent media reporting , and inaccurate comments I understand to be circulating on social media , it has become clear to me that my continued involvement with SCSF is not helping either the borough or the Foundation .
“ It is also creating unnecessary confusion at a time when I need to concentrate my efforts on the many challenges facing the borough today not least the continuing impact of government austerity programmes . I have therefore decided that I should tender my resignation as a trustee with immediate effect . ”
Questions have arisen over whether SCSF 's application for a Housing Zone , which is accompanied by a £20m grant from the Greater London Authority , included the claim Sport England would grant the foundation £2m for Energise .
Jonathan Law was edged by Daniel Hand , 126.05-123.0 , in an SCC gymnastics meet in Madison on Thursday .
Catherine Burns was second and Lizzy Lombard third in the all-around for the Lady Lawmen ( 4-8 ) .
Kylee Troy tied for second on beam .
Vault : 1 . Carly Barba ( H ) 8.3 ; 2 Catherine Burns ( L ) 8.1 ; 3 . Tie : Grace Rogers ( H ) & Schylar Saliba ( H ) 8.0
Bars : 1 . Erin Naclerio ( H ) 9.05 ; 2 . Grace Rogers ( H ) 8.35 ; 3 . Lizzy Lombardi ( L ) 8.2
Beam : 1 . Catherine Burns ( L ) 8.5 ; 2 . Tie : Kylee Troy ( L ) & Grace Rogers ( H ) 7.9 ; 3 . Lizzy Lombardi ( L ) 7.7
Floor : 1 . Grace Rogers ( H ) 8.75 ; 2 . Catherine Burns ( L ) 8.5 ; 3 . Kelley Levis ( H ) 8.15
All Around : 1 . Grace Rogers ( H ) 33.0 ; 2 . Catherine Burns ( L ) 32.75 ; 3 . Lizzy Lombardi ( L ) 31.35
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce admits they ca n't spend their way out of trouble despite Aston Villa 's stuttering start .
Promotion favourites Villa were brought crashing down to earth by Cardiff in Saturday 's 3-0 defeat .
It followed up an opening-day draw to Hull that already leaves them five points off the pace .
That has turned up the heat on Bruce heading into tonight 's trip to last season 's beaten play-off finalists Reading .
But , having spent over £20m to bring in seven new faces in their first window in January on top of £60m last summer , owner Dr Tony Xia has tightened the purse strings this summer .
( Image : Aston Villa FC via Getty Images )
Ahmed Elmohamady and Glenn Whelan have arrived for £1million apiece , John Terry and Chris Samba have joined on frees – though the former Chelsea man is on around £60,000 a week – while Sam Johnstone and Josh Onomah are on loan .
Bruce expects to do further business before the window shuts having raised funds by selling Leandro Bacuna to tonight 's opponents and loaned Jordan Amavi to Marseille ahead of a potential permanent switch next summer .
But there is no prospect of Villa spending eight-figure sums as they did for Jonathan Kodjia and Ross McCormack last summer .
( Image : Aston Villa FC via Getty Images )
The boss said : “ I 've said it since the end of last season . I 'm going to have to box a bit clever .
“ I have n't got millions to splash about and , let 's be fair , this club has splashed around millions in the last few years and it has n't brought the success everyone thought there was going to be .
“ If there 's anything in the kitty from what has been done the last few days then my job is always to try to improve the squad .
“ But I 'm under the restrictions of FFP . We have n't got millions and millions to spend . Part of my job is to balance the books and obviously I 'm prepared to do that . ”
( Image : Aston Villa FC via Getty Images )
Bruce let rip at their side following their dismal opening attempt on the road on Saturday .
Their away form cost them any hope of promotion last season after they won just four times in the league away , losing 13 times – as opposed to losing just three times at Villa Park .
Bruce 's team eventually finished 13th and , booed by their fans against the Bluebirds , they will know patience is wearing thin .
They say another “ big challenge ” awaits tonight despite the Royals being a “ complete opposite ” in the style of football they play to their last opponents .
“ If we want to be successful and mount a challenge our away form has to improve , ” added Bruce .
“ Too often last year we did n't have the resilience to make a fist of it . ”
Death closes USC classroom building
The University of South Carolina has closed a classroom building and the State Law Enforcement Division and the Richland County coroner are investigating .
COLUMBIA , S.C. ( AP/WOLO ) – The University of South Carolina has closed a classroom building and the State Law Enforcement Division and the Richland County coroner are investigating .
The school said on its Twitter account Friday morning that Gambrell Hall is closed for the day and classes are canceled in that building only . The message says faculty and staff should work from home .
USC police referred questions to a school spokesperson , who said they could not provide details but said SLED is leading the investigation . Spokesman Jeff Stensland said there is no danger to students .
SLED spokesperson Kathryn Richardson said agents and crime scene investigators are at the building .
Coroner Gary Watts said they did not have details but expected to have more information later Friday .
Gambrell Hall houses USC 's history department .
SALEM , Mass . ( AP ) -- A Salem , Massachusetts-based organization called The Satanic Temple is accusing Twitter of discriminating against it on religious grounds .
Satanic Temple founder Lucien Greaves filed a complaint in March with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination , saying Twitter wrongly suspended its accounts after someone tweeted a threat to the organization . The Boston Globe reports Twitter has restored the accounts but without the `` verified '' status Greaves wants .
Steve Kerr : 'will I get away with it ? '
Steve Kerr : 'will I get away with it ? '
GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS coach Steve Kerr blamed their new iPhone and lack of Twitter expertise for their since-deleted tweet about NBA officials .
Replying to a tweet from the NBA 's official account on Thursday that praised James Harden for “ putting on a show ” , Kerr suggested the Houston Rockets guard should have been called for travel before a made three-pointer .
“ It 's an embarrassment . I think the league is so happy with all the scoring that it does n't want to enforce stuff like that , ” Kerr 's reply said .
Kerr swears they thought they were sending a direct message , while they blamed their new iPhone X for their thoughts about the league 's officiating being shared .
“ I thought it was a direct message , ” Kerr said . “ My new iPhone is killing me . ”
“ A friend DM 'd me and said , ‘ what do you think about this clip ? ' I responded to him , ” Kerr continued . ” I hit send , and I was like , ‘ Oh no ' . I went right over to [ assistant coach ] Chris DeMarco because I have no idea how to delete a tweet . ”
“ I rarely even send a tweet , let alone delete one , so I gave it to DeMarco , ” Kerr added . “ He deletes it after maybe 30 seconds , and I go , ‘ What do you think ? Am I going to get away with it ? ' And they go , ‘ Hell no ' . ”
As far as the NBA 's disciplinarians go , they are getting away with it , as the league appears to be buying their story .
ESPN reports that since Kerr 's message was intended to be private , the league does not believe a fine is warranted .
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
What 's it like to be recognized for a Tony Award compared to an Oscar ? Let Andrew Garfield — the actor currently nominated for a Tony for “ Angels in America , ” and nominated for an Academy Award last year for “ Hacksaw Ridge ” — tell you .
“ With the Oscars , the performance is done , ” Garfield explained on the latest episode of Stagecraft , Variety ‘ s theater podcast . “ For the Tonys , what I 'm realizing now is that you keep having to prove that it 's good , because you 're on stage every night still doing it . ”
This is Garfield 's second round as a contender at the Tony Awards ; they previously received a nod for the 2012 revival of “ Death of a Salesman. ” This year he 's appearing in the seven-and-a-half-hour epic “ Angels in America ” all throughout the theater awards season , including Tony noms , campaigning and the ceremony itself — and Tony voters have been in the audience at the Neil Simon Theater for the last couple of weeks .
“ It 's like , ‘ Wow , what a weird thing , where you 've gotten this honor of a nomination , but then you kind of have to prove that it was the right choice , ' ” they said , adding with a laugh , “ It makes me quite neurotic ! ”
On the latest episode of Stagecraft , Garfield also talked about the timeliness of “ Angels ” and what moves them most about the play and about their character 's fight against discrimination and hate .
“ My great privilege in playing this part , maybe the greatest privilege in playing this part , is honoring that strength and ability to say no to people and to say yes to yourself , ” they said . “ To say yes to your own life , to say yes to your own self-validation . And to say no to a torrent of abuse and indignity and ignorant , foolish , narrow-minded hate . That is the thing that I find most inspiring and I bow deepest to . ”
The actor also talked up the rewards of working in the theater , considered a summer of reading plays , and revealed that he 's a Goonie “ to my bone marrow . ”
Download and subscribe to Stagecraft on iTunes , Stitcher , Google Play and SoundCloud .
PanARMENIAN.Net - Turkey can not but realize that the recognition process of the Armenian Genocide is irreversible , Armenian foreign minister Edward Nalbandian said in response to a question by RFE/RL Armenian Service concerning Turkish FM Mevlut Cavusoglu 's recent comments .
Cavusoglu reacted to French president Emmanuel Macron 's remarks about designating a special day in the French national calendar for the commemoration of the Armenian Genocide .
In response , the Turkish diplomat slammed the French president 's statement and advised them against making comments that damage diplomatic relations between the two countries .
“ It is obvious that the century-long denialist policy has failed . However , Turkey continues to stick to stereotypes , ” Nalbandian said .
According to Nalbandian , Ankara does not shy away from distorting not just the historic facts but the current realities , including by misrepresenting the rulings of the European Court of Human Rights .
“ In an open letter addressed to the Prime Minister of Turkey , the International Association of Genocide Scholars has rightly stated that the Armenian Genocide is abundantly documented by thousands of official records of the United States and other nations around the world including the Ottoman Turkey 's wartime allies Germany , Austria and Hungary , by eyewitness accounts of diplomats and missionaries , by the testimony of survivors , by the decades of historical and legal scholarships , and even by Ottoman court-martial records , ” the Armenian foreign policy chief said .
“ It is noteworthy that Germany and Austria have not only recognized the Armenian Genocide as many other countries had done but also acknowledged their part of responsibility , as Turkey 's allies of the time .
“ The international community has emphasised on numerous occasions that the denial of Genocide creates a breeding ground for the repetition of crimes against humanity . Instead of labeling as populists those who have recognized the Armenian Genocide , Ankara needs to abandon threatening populism of its denialist policy and candidly face its own past . ”
Forensic Search Dogs Sniff Out Human Ashes In Wildfire Wreckage
Enlarge this image toggle caption Thomas Nash/nashpix.com Thomas Nash/nashpix.com
When Kathy Lampi 's mom died of cancer last June , they placed the velvet bag filled with their mom 's ashes on a shelf in their china cabinet . Lampi thought that was a fitting place for their mom to rest until they could plan a proper burial .
Then in October the Northern California fires reduced Lampi 's two-story house in Santa Rosa to six inches of rubble . Them mom 's ashes were now mixed in with the ashes of their sofa and front door .
`` I thought , 'Well , geez , I better get somebody out here to try and find her , ' `` Lampi said when they thought of the Army Corps of Engineers coming to clear the wreckage from their lot . `` I did n't want them to go to a landfill . ''
Enter the archaeologists and forensic search dogs . Alex DeGeorgey and Mike Newland , both archaeology consultants in the Northern San Francisco Bay , joined forces with Echo , an English Labrador , and Annie , a Belgian Malinois , from the Institute for Canine Forensics , to look for lost urns and human cremains in the wildfire wreckage .
`` We start imprinting them at a very young age and introducing that target odor , '' said Kris Black , Annie 's trainer . `` I feed them when they find what their target source is . ''
In this case , human bone .
The typical jobs for dogs from the institute have been on Native American tribal lands , looking for lost burial sites . They 've been on special missions looking for the remains of Amelia Earhart and members of the Donner Party . This fall is the first time these kinds of dogs have been used to recover human ashes from wildfire disaster sites .
The dogs are brought into each wreckage site one at a time . At the remains of Kathy Lampi 's home , Echo , the English Labrador , went first . They sniffed around , their nose gliding over the ground with the speed and grace of an ice skater . When they found what they were looking for , they lay down next to it .
`` There 's my alert , '' said Karen Atkinson , Echo 's handler , as Echo rested by the remaining bricks of the front stairway . `` So she 's telling me she 's made them decision . ''
Echo went back to the truck , and Annie , the Belgian Malinois , did the search again from scratch , to try and guard against false positives . They lay down in the same spot Echo picked .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Thomas Nash/nashpix.com Thomas Nash/nashpix.com
Once the dogs have narrowed down the site , the archeologists zero in . DeGeorgey and Newland zipped up their full-body Tyvex suits , grabbed their trowels and started digging .
`` We 're looking for a pocket of ash that 's homogenous , '' DeGeorgey said through a protective face mask . `` It 's usually kind of a reddish brown . ''
Sometimes , they find it . A discrete pile of red ash , with bits of bone or teeth in it . But 10 minutes in , DeGeorgey sighed . They said this is one of the hardest recoveries they 've worked on .
`` The deal here is , we 're trying to find ashes within ashes , '' they said . `` It 's not always that definitive . ''
So far , the archeologist-canine teams have recovered nearly 50 sets of ashes from the wreckage of the Wine Country fires . But their efforts are all volunteer and they 've been limited to working on the weekends . DeGeorgey thinks there are hundreds , maybe thousands more .
`` I 'm sure the scale of this issue is really an epidemic , '' DeGeorgey said . `` There are hundreds , if not thousands , of cremains in these burnt-out homes that are ending up in toxic waste sites . ''
The process they 've developed to identify cremains is new and not part of the cleanup protocol for FEMA or the Army Corps of Engineers . DeGeorgey said it should be . They want these services to be available to victims of the wildfires in Ventura and San Diego counties , and any future fire , hurricane or earthquake .
DeGeorgey said when a disaster happens and people start filling out paperwork associated with insurance claims , one question should be : Did you have human remains in the house ? If yes , they said it should trigger the cremains search process .
On site , DeGeorgey noticed Newland sweeping a lighter pocket of ash from Kathy Lampi 's stairway into a dustpan .
`` What Michael 's showing us looks pretty good , '' DeGeorgey said .
`` A lot of it 's almost a texture thing , '' Newland said , rubbing some ash between their fingers . `` You can see how finely powdered this is . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Thomas Nash /nashpix.com Thomas Nash /nashpix.com
DeGeorgey scooped the ash into a gallon-size Ziploc bag . Annie came out for one last sniff around the site and immediately plopped down next to the bag . Kathy and their family cheered .
`` You 're hired ! '' DeGeorgey joked , then walked the bag over to Lampi .
`` Here 's your mom , '' they said .
`` Thank you very much , '' Lampi said . `` There they are . Wow . ''
Lampi tucked the Ziploc bag under their arm .
`` It 's nice to know that she 's been found , and now we can do the right burial for her , '' they said . `` I think everybody in the family wants to be able to go where they are and be with her . ''
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Amid the near hysteria of Philippe Coutinho 's transfer saga , another delicate contract situation has gone largely un-noticed .
Yet if the loss of the little Brazilian would be seen as a dramatic blow to Liverpool that sends out the completely wrong message about their status and ambition , then so too would any sale of Emre Can .
Somehow , the young midfielder who is seen as the future of the German team and one of the most promising players in their position across Europe , has just a year left on their contract , with no end in sight to stuttering negotiations .
Failure to secure the 23 year-old on a new long-term deal would be seen as negligent in the extreme - especially given the fraught situation surrounding Coutinho , and what their desire to leave for Barcelona means .
( Image : Rex Features )
( Image : PA Wire )
Can is the centre of attention here in Germany as Liverpool attempt to see off the physical challenge of Hoffenheim to secure a - vital , in terms of the financial health of the club - place in the group stages of the Champions League .
And according to their manager Jurgen Klopp , that attention is something they could do without , given most of it centres on the future of the German international . For Klopp , getting to under 12 months is a mistake , even if it is an understandable one in their eyes .
“ Do I think it is too cool that we did n't fix it so far ? No , to be honest , ” they said .
“ The situation is not perfect , I would prefer that they have already signed , but I am still positive we can find the right solution .
“ So far there is no signing and that is the situation . We are still in talks . But it is all ok at the moment and we have to take it like this . Their mind is not elsewhere . ”
( Image : Liverpool FC via Getty Images )
For Klopp , even if the contract situation is complicated - with Can ask for the money to reflect their status as a coming man in European football - then the player 's position at the club is perfectly simple .
Even if they do n't sign an extension and goes into the final year of their deal with the prospect of leaving on a free next summer , then Liverpool will not let them leave under any circumstance .
They ca n't afford to , not with the Coutinho situation now simmering so dangerously . In fact , the manager believes that far from losing two of the best midfielders in the world , they have to add to an area where Liverpool are dangerously light .
“ It is an important contract for them at their age . But I am 100 per cent sure that we do n't sell the player now in this situation . Not a player from the first team line-up for sure , ” the manager said .
( Image : Liverpool FC via Getty Images )
“ He will play here for the next year that is for sure . All the rest we have to see . In Germany this kind of pressures come up one year before the contract ends . In England it is two years before .
“ Last year , there was no real readiness for negotiations but this year we have talked . We want them and they also want to stay . It is about a few little details .
“ It 's not about having to make a decision about bringing in another player in the same position , the same size , the same skills . Emre is on a good way . They have really improved in a lot of parts and is a really important player for us , can play different positions . ”
( Image : Rex Features )
Liverpool will wait until next summer to trigger a near £50million clause in Naby Keita 's contract to bring them to Anfield , but Klopp admitted they are still exploring the prospect of a midfield signing this summer , before the window closes .
They have been linked with a move for Nice 's highly rated Jean-Michael Serri , but with a deal for Keita still on the horizon , they are reluctant to bid the full release clause in their contract , which stands at almost £40m .
( Image : Icon Sport )
Transfer news LIVE : All the latest plus every done deal
Instead , the Reds will wait to see if Nice reach the group stage of the Champions ' League , and continue to explore other options , with Klopp admitting : “ We do n't have too many midfield players in the moment who have experience . That is also the truth . Are we looking still for players ? Yes , ” they added .
“ But we were looking for players before Adam was injured . Now they are injured , Phil is injured . So two less . It does n't make the situation more comfortable . You can not be really prepared for situations like this .
“ But we have time . The 31st ? Yes , I know . Everything can happen . I 'm not sure that they will happen . If I were sure , they will probably already be in . ”
PanARMENIAN.Net - One of the Flame Towers in Baku - the highest buildings in Azerbaijan - was mistakenly lit in the colors of the Armenian flag on Monday , July 3 .
The the match of the 1/8 finals of the 2018 World Cup between Colombia and England was played on Monday , and those in Baku had apparently confused the Colombian flag with the Armenian one .
They wanted to honor the national team of Colombia , but they lit the lights in the wrong order : instead of yellow , blue and red , the skyscraper was painted in red , blue and yellow stripes , just like the flag of Armenia .
On this week 's episode of CTRL+T , it 's all about flamethrowers ( yes , the devices that throw flames ) , startups trying to get inside your mouth and education in the prison system .
Later on , I chat with the one and only DeRay Mckesson , who is known for their social justice activism via # BlackLivesMatter protests in Ferguson , Missouri and Baltimore , Maryland . He 's also the host of Crooked Media 's Pod Save the People and co-founder of policy platform Campaign Zero .
This year , McKesson and their team are focused on two areas : the racial wealth gap and mass incarceration , Mckesson told me on CTRL+T . Specifically , Campaign Zero is trying to “ create an entrance for people that 's an easy entrance but also high impact ” and solutions-oriented , they said .
Mckesson said a lot of people do n't know how , in states like Virginia , theft over $ 200 is considered a felony .
“ Most people would say a felon is someone who killed somebody or shot ten people , ” they said . They later added , “ I 'm not convinced that stealing an iPhone is a felony or stealing a bike is a felony . ”
Mckesson also pointed to Immigration Customs and Enforcement 's detention bed quota , which requires ICE to detain a minimum of 34,000 people every day .
Through Campaign Zero , Mckesson said they and their team are helping empower people with knowledge about how these structures and systems operate and impact people . The idea , they told me , is to get people thinking about what it looks like when people are entrapped by systems .
Subscribe to CTRL+T on Apple Podcasts , Stitcher , Overcast , CastBox or whatever other podcast platform you can find and give us a five-star rating .
Michael Brantley continues to make progress in their recovery from an ankle injury and could be in the lineup in left field when the ALDS shifts from Cleveland to New York on Sunday . Indians manager Terry Francona said he 'll know for sure after Brantley tests the ankle in a 4 p.m. workout Saturday at Yankee Stadium . `` I think he 's getting to that point , '' Francona said . A return to the lineup by Brantley , a two-time All-Star , would be a big lift for the Indians , who will try to go up 2-0 in the series today behind ace Corey Kluber .
Jerry Crasnick , ESPN Senior Writer
Sandra Hackett , 25 from Berkshire , explains how Sebastian 's Action Trust has been a lifeline in the care of their son , Eli , 7
We knew something serious was wrong with Eli because they had been so poorly since birth , but getting the full diagnosis was devastating . Eli was diagnosed with 1p36 deletion syndrome , a genetic condition that causes birth defects as well as intellectual disabilities of varying degrees . Finding out things might not improve , or could get worse for them was difficult to take in .
With their dad , Damien , working shifts as a 999 emergency call handler and medical dispatcher , and not being a driver myself , I worried about getting to the numerous medical appointments with Eli , as well as fitting in all the usual day-to-day household chores .
Thankfully , another family at the hospital mentioned that Sebastian 's Action Trust might be able to help . They had told us how the trust had supported them with the logistics of having a child with disabilities so I applied to see if they could help us . The charity only takes on families whose child has a life-limiting or life-threatening condition . Being accepted was the best thing that 's happened to us and gave us hope during a very difficult time . Knowing there was someone with the knowledge to help and advise us was extremely reassuring .
Right from the start they offered lots of practical help . They take Eli and me to their appointments in their wheelchair-friendly vehicle and a staff member accompanies us to help if Eli gets upset , as they tend to do if we have to wait for any length of time . They also help me with food shopping as it 's difficult to manage with the wheelchair .
Children with disabilities are often excluded from mainstream events because they can become overwhelmed or there 's no space for their wheelchair . Through the trust we 've been invited to Halloween and Christmas parties , which are so important for Eli 's self-confidence .
Every year the charity offers a camper day as a treat for mums . You can have your nails done or enjoy a soothing massage and I really look forward to this precious “ me time ” .
Sebastian 's Action Trust also provides regular ‘ chill and chat ' evenings , where mums and dads can discuss their worries with other parents .
Another crucial service it offers is help with paperwork , which is useful when parents need to complete DLA forms and apply for grants – it 's quite a task if you have to work it all out by yourself . For years , Damian and I tried to get social care to help us with Eli , and it was a nightmare until Sebastian 's Action Trust chased it all up for us . We were eventually offered a care package of eight hours a week – two four-hour sessions , which really helps us to cope with Eli 's needs at home . The carers help me to shower and change them as I struggle to do it by myself . I can also get a bit of housework done while they are here with him , which is an absolute godsend !
We 've also been lucky enough to stay at The Bluebells – Sebastian 's Action Trust 's holiday home – in North Waltham , Hampshire , twice , which is so generous considering the charity supports a huge number of families .
Our circumstances mean it 's difficult for us to spend quality time together as a family but The Bluebells is purpose-built to accommodate a child with special needs . The swimming pool has lovely warm water and a hoist so we can enjoy it together . There 's a cinema room , an arts and crafts room , beautiful gardens and plenty of space to enjoy one another 's company . Each family has their own apartment that can accommodate eight people – last time we were there we took my aunt and two of my cousins . Eli spent time with their cousin making arts and crafts and they played on the swings and enjoyed the pool , something they could never do at home . The apartment is fully equipped with everything you need to enjoy a few days away in the country .
Eli is currently non-verbal but is able to ‘ bum shuffle ' . Developmentally he 's around 12-18 months and we can communicate really well with hand gestures . They can eat chewable food or semi-solid food but not puréed food or liquids as they have a fear of being sick , which is probably linked to them being so poorly when they were younger . Despite all the challenges they face , he 's a happy boy and enjoys music , swimming and watching fast cars . They attend Arbour Vale School in Slough , which they love and has lots of friends . At school , they use a supportive walking frame for around 45 minutes a day . We hope that they may walk unaided one day but nothing is guaranteed .
As for me – I 've started singing in a choir once a week and I love it . It 's fabulous to do something for myself now Eli 's health is on a fairly even keel . Damien and I are getting married in September and we 've invited some of the good friends we 've made at Sebastian 's Action Trust . I 've had a few health problems myself and they have come to visit me in hospital – they are n't just there for your child , they see your needs as a parent too . I 've been inspired by the work they do at the trust and hope to volunteer at the local Home Start Centre in the future . My dream job would involve working with children and I 'd be delighted to be able to help other families with children with extra needs . It 's challenging having a child like Eli who will always have the mental age of a small child , but with help , support and love and patience , we treasure the special moments
and feel blessed to have them in our lives .
TOTAL RAISED : £28,174
Sebastian 's Action Trust – THE FACTS
Sebastian 's Action Trust supports families and individuals , where there is a young person aged 0-19 with a life-limiting condition or families who have lost a child , sibling or grandchild .
The Trust offers respite holiday breaks to families throughout the UK including 100 family respite breaks , 40 crisis breaks and 500 family day visits at The Bluebells .
Their services are offered to those based in the south-east , principally from Berkshire , Surrey , Hampshire , Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire .
For more information visit sebastiansactiontrust.org
BIG GIVE UPDATE
Money raised will be used to provide respite holidays for families at The Bluebells – two fully equipped family apartments within a complex that offer fantastic leisure facilities suitable for everyone .
Monday , August 14 , 2017 at 9:17 pm |
Top Fed Official Tells AP : Bond Portfolio Could Shrink Soon
NEW YORK ( AP ) — A top Federal Reserve official is suggesting that the Fed will likely announce next month that it will begin paring its bond portfolio , a step that could lead to slightly higher rates on mortgages and other long-term loans . In an interview with The Associated Press , William Dudley , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , said they think the Fed has adequately prepared investors for a reduction in the portfolio , which swelled after the 2008 financial crisis as the Fed bought bonds to reduce long-term rates . With the economy now much healthier , the Fed is ready to begin trimming its bond holdings .
Trump Attacks Exec for Quitting Council Over Charlottesville
TRENTON , N.J. ( AP ) — President Donald Trump lashed out on Twitter at the CEO of the nation 's third-largest pharmaceutical company after they resigned from a federal advisory council . Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier , one of the few African Americans heading a Fortune 500 company , cited Trump 's failure to explicitly rebuke the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville , Virginia .
One-Fifth of Americans Find Workplace Hostile or Threatening
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The American workplace is grueling , stressful and surprisingly hostile . So finds an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp. , Harvard Medical School and the University of California , Los Angeles . Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls “ disturbingly high ” — says they face a hostile or threatening environment at work , which can include harassment and bullying . Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse .
New Life for Medicaid After GOP 's Health Care Debacle
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — It does n't equal Social Security and Medicare as a “ third rail ” program that politicians touch at their own risk , but Medicaid has gotten new life after the Republican failure to pass health overhaul legislation . The 1960s Great Society creation has long been criticized by conservatives . GOP bills would have rolled back former President Barack Obama 's Medicaid expansion and imposed new overall spending limits . That combination translated to such deep cuts that it drove a wedge among Republicans .
EPA Moves to Rewrite Limits for Coal Power Plant Wastewater
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Environmental Protection Agency says it plans to scrap an Obama-era measure limiting water pollution from coal-fired power plants .
A letter from EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt released Monday as part of a legal appeal , said they will seek to revise the 2015 guidelines mandating increased treatment for wastewater from steam electric power-generating plants .
Acting at the behest of electric utilities who opposed the stricter standards , Pruitt first moved in April to delay implementation of the new guidelines . Pruitt 's letter , dated Friday , was filed Monday with the Fifth Circuit U. S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans , which is hearing legal challenges of the wastewater rule . With Pruitt now moving to rewrite the standards , EPA has asked the court to freeze the legal fight .
Berkshire Hathaway to File Update on Its Stock Portfolio
OMAHA , Neb . ( AP ) — Berkshire Hathaway is expected to file an update on its U.S. stock portfolio , and give investors a glimpse of any moves Warren Buffett might have made during the second quarter .
The filing expected Monday afternoon will detail all of Berkshire 's U.S. stock holdings at the end of June .
Many investors follow what Berkshire buys and sells because of Buffett 's remarkably successful record over more than five decades .
Berkshire holds major stakes in Coca-Cola , Wells Fargo , American Express and other companies .
The Suffolk County Landbank has scrapped plans to sell two tax-delinquent Kings Park brownfield properties and will order an environmental study before seeking new development proposals .
The June 27 move came after Mike Rosato , a prospective developer for one of the properties , the 25-acre Steck-Philbin landfill , told Landbank officials that workers building a nearby soccer facility had accidentally uncovered 40,000 cubic yards of debris on the Steck-Philbin property . Rosato said the debris was likely so extensive that to properly cap and close it , they and their partners would also need to use the other property , the adjacent 5-acre Izzo site , for drainage .
The properties carry combined tax liens of more than $ 4 million . They sit off Old Northport Road in a once-isolated area mined for sand , then used for landfill and industry . Those activities — sometimes conducted in violation of Smithtown town code — have caused friction between operators , town officials and nearby residents .
Rosato is a Newsday employee . They and a partner , Toby Carlson , owner of the Kings Park recycling company Powercrush , described the Landbank decision as a setback . “ I 'm disappointed that it 's going to get kicked down the road , ” Carlson said , adding that the environmental study could have been ordered years ago . Rosato took a harder line : “ If members of the Landbank believed in their organization 's stated goals , the Steck-Philbin landfill would be well on its way to being capped and closed today , ” they wrote in an email .
The partners said they envision recreation or renewable energy uses for the property , and that they agreed to avoid some uses like asphalt production that neighbors might find objectionable . The county legislature approved transfer of ownership to them last year under a deal that was contingent on entry into the New York State brownfield cleanup program and called for the partners to pay the county $ 500,000 over 20 years plus cleanup costs , but Landbank officials did n't execute a sales contract .
Dorian Dale , the director of sustainability and chief recovery officer for the county , said that the deal had languished after opposition from then-Smithtown Supervisor Patrick Vecchio and local civic leaders . The landfill `` should not be sold absent a commitment to develop the property acceptable to the Town , '' Vecchio wrote in a July 2017 letter to County Executive Steve Bellone . Dale said they felt similarly after joining the Landbank last year , recognizing the `` weakness '' of a contract that did n't stipulate an end use . “ My skepticism is raised when I see someone putting together a private equity deal committed to putting millions of dollars with no specified use at the end of that process , ” they said .
Smithtown Supervisor Edward Wehrheim told Bellone in a May letter that transfer of ownership should be contingent on county approval of a use for the property following the environmental study and development of a closure plan .
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Leg . Tom Cilmi ( R-Bay Shore ) called the Steck-Philbin deal one of “ the most controversial ” in the history of the Landbank , a nonprofit founded by county officials in 2013 to facilitate community revitalization and cleanup of brownfield sites . The Landbank has generated $ 5.6 million in back tax payments . Cilmi praised the Landbank 's work in general but said “ I have a sense that the county purposefully dragged its feet in consummating the deal , ” they said .
Leg . Robert Trotta ( R-Fort Salonga ) made a similar assertion in a Landbank meeting last week , saying the contract had sat on County Executive Steve Bellone 's desk `` for a year . ''
Jason Elan , a Bellone spokesperson , called those assertions `` baseless and devoid of reality , '' and said the county had worked for months to resolve town concerns over the property .
The decision by Landbank officials will also cancel a bid by Kings Park business person Michael Cox to build storage units on the Izzo property . Staff had recommended their $ 1.3 million cash offer over Rosato and Carlson 's $ 500,000 offer . Cox did not respond to a request for comment .
But the UFC superstar is attempting to clap back , blasting Mayweather and their team for what they describe as trying to `` manipulate '' that he 's racist leading up to their mega bout on August 26 in Las Vegas .
`` He knows there 's no racism , their father knows , [ CEO of Mayweather Promotions Leonard ] Ellerbee knows , ask these people . They said I labeled them a monkey , I never once in my life labeled them or any African-American a monkey , '' McGregor said , as reported by ESPN .
Well , actually , McGregor did refer to African-Americans as `` monkeys '' last month while speaking with Jimmy Kimmel Live personality Guillermo . When asked if they could beat Rocky in Rocky III , McGregor asked , `` That was the one [ with ] the dancing monkeys in the gym ? ''
That being said , McGregor did try to clarify the animal that they would label Mayweather as and blasted the boxing legend for their history of domestic violence .
`` If I was to label them as any animal , it would be the rat or the weasel , because that 's a rat or a weasel move , trying to manipulate someone 's words , and trying to create something that 's not even there , and on such a sensitive subject , '' McGregor continued telling ESPN . `` He 's a man that beats their wife in front of their kid , he 's the dirt of the dirt . ''
Wow . Things are definitely heating up between the fighters .
Just last week , during an interview with ESPN 's Stephen A. Smith , Mayweather said they `` did n't like when [ McGregor ] called us monkeys '' and vowed to box the UFC sensation for all Black people .
Do you think McGregor is a racist ? Who will win the Mayweather-McGregor super fight next weekend in Sin City ?
BET Sports News — Get the latest news and information about African-Americans in sports , including weekly recaps , celebrity news and photos of your favorite Black athletes .
Central Bank of Nigeria , CBN , in a new report has revealed that some deposit money bank 's ( DMBs ) in the country charge their customers as high as 49.50 percent per annum as interest rate .
The CBN report titled : ‘ Deposit and Lending Rates in the Banking Industry ' showed the deposit and lending rates obtainable in commercial and merchant banks .
The apex bank explained that the disclosure was in furtherance of the transparency and full disclosure stance of the regulator , the Nation reports .
It also aligns with the Monetary Policy Committee ( MPC ) decision that the lending rates obtainable in Deposit Money Banks ( DMBs ) be made public to guide business decisions .
The applicable rates for banks as at May 18 showed that while some banks lend cheaply to prime borrowers , their maximum lending rate to other category of borrowers went as high as 49.50 percent per annum for the agricultural sector .
The report showed that Union Bank Plc lends to public utilities sector at 17.50 percent , prime rate , and 24.50 percent maximum rate . The bank lends for general purpose at 17.50 percent , prime , and 52.50 percent maximum .
Average rate for demand deposit at Union Bank is 0.50 percent ; 4.20 percent for savings and 12.48 percent for demand deposit . The bank however , lends to agriculture at 23.50 percent , prime , and has 49.50 percent as its maximum lending rate for the sector . Mining and quarrying borrow at 17.50 percent , prime , and 33 percent maximum . Power and Energy borrow at 22 percent , prime , and 22 percent , maximum , while oil and gas borrow at 7.50 percent , prime , and 26 percent maximum .
The CBN 's data showed that Unity Bank pays the highest average interest rate of 16 per cent per annum to depositors on time deposit , while GTBank pays the lowest of 7.13 per cent to time depositors .
First City Monument Bank ( FCMB ) lends at three per cent to oil and gas sector , prime rate , but its maximum rate to the sector is 30 per cent . Stanbic IBTC Bank lends at 11 per cent to oil and gas sector , prime rate , and has 30 per cent as its maximum rate to the sector .
The data showed that Skye Bank lends at nine per cent to government , prime rate , and 31 per cent maximum rate to the market segment .
Diamond Bank lends to oil and gas at 20 per cent prime , and has 30 per cent as its maximum lending rate to the sector .
For FirstBank , its average interest rate on demand deposit is zero per cent ; 4.20 per cent average interest rate for savings deposit and 7.50 per cent for time deposit . The bank lends to agriculture at nine per cent , prime , 27 per cent maximum ; manufacturing borrows at 20 per cent , prime , and 28 per cent maximum , while real estate borrows at 20 per cent , prime , and 27 per cent maximum . Finance and insurance borrow at 20 per cent prime , and 27 per cent maximum , while education borrows at 19 per cent prime , and 27 per cent maximum .
The power sector borrows at 19 per cent prime , 27 per cent maximum while capital market borrows from the bank at nine per cent prime , and 27 per cent maximum ; oil and gas borrow at 20 per cent prime , and 28 per cent maximum .
For United Bank for Africa ( UBA PLc ) , its average interest rate on deposit is 0.28 per cent ; the lender pays 4.20 per cent on savings deposit , and 10.86 per cent for time deposit . The bank lends to agriculture at seven per cent , prime , and 25 per cent , maximum ; manufacturing , 19 per cent , prime and 29 per cent maximum .
Access Bank 's average interest rate on demand deposit is 0.05 per cent ; savings deposit is 4.20 per cent while time deposit is 11.84 per cent . The bank 's prime lending rate for agriculture , forestry , and fishing is 19 per cent ; while maximum lending rate for the sector is 30.50 per cent . The bank 's prime lending rate to manufacturing is 14 per cent ; while 30.5 per cent is its maximum lending rate . The lender lends to government at 16 per cent , prime , and 26.50 per cent maximum rate .
Its loans to education sector is priced at 19 per cent ; and 30.50 per cent is the maximum rate . Power ad energy , oil and gas borrow at 15 per cent form the bank , prime while its maximum rate is 30.50 per cent .
Guaranty Trust Bank Pls ' average interest rate on demand deposit is 2.90 per cent ; savings deposit at 4.20 per cent and time deposit at 7.713 per cent . The bank lends to agriculture at seven per cent , prime , 21 per cent maximum rate .
Speaking on the lending rates , Director-General , Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry , Muda Yusuf , said such rates further depresses investment and hurt the economy . According to him , it further alienates and causes disconnection between the banks and their customers .
On banks ' claims that their cost of operations is high , they said the apex bank can also reduce the Cash Reserve Ratio and Monetary Policy Rate ( MPR ) to reduce cost of funds for banks .
“ Banks need to create credit that supports the economy , by boosting production and reducing poverty , ” Yusuf said .
The New York Yankees expect veteran outfielder Jacoby Ellsbury to start the regular season on the disabled list because of a strained oblique muscle .
Manager Aaron Boone told reporters Monday that the Yankees are undecided on whether to add an outfielder to their 25-man Opening Day roster to replace Ellsbury , who has not played in a spring training game since March 1 .
Ellsbury , 34 , is slated to be a backup this season behind Giancarlo Stanton , Aaron Judge , Brett Gardner and Aaron Hicks in New York 's outfield .
Ellsbury struggled to stay healthy in their first four seasons with the Yankees . They appeared in 112 games last season , batting .264 with seven home runs and 22 stolen bases .
Carson Wentz has started their rehab to return to the Eagles after suffering an season-ending ACL injury last season . ( 0:15 )
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz appears to be making some significant strides in their rehab from a torn ACL and LCL .
The quarterback posted video of themselves throwing inside the team 's practice facility Monday .
Wentz has established the season opener as their target return date . It 's still too far out to know whether he 'll be able to achieve that goal , but it 's clear that he 's come a long way since injuring their left knee in December against the Los Angeles Rams . They went from using crutches to a cane to walking on their own . Now , the video shows , they are able to drop back , plant and throw -- albeit with a large brace around that left knee .
Recovery from an ACL tear usually takes between nine to 12 months . The Eagles intend to take the long view when it comes to Wentz 's injury and do n't want to rush them back . If he 's not ready , they currently have Super Bowl MVP Nick Foles on the roster . They have set the trade price for Foles high , knowing the value of having a top-end insurance plan , particularly with their franchise quarterback still on the mend .
Wentz , though , is pushing their way back . Their recovery will be the dominant story in Philadelphia over the spring and summer .
Tesla has a new way to demonstrate the possibilities of its home solar products to potential customers – using a ‘ tiny house ' on wheels , which it can tow on a rolling tour with a Tesla Model X . The Tesla Tiny House made its official debut in Australia ( via Electrek ) , where it will welcome visitors at Melbourne 's Federation Square , before taking off for a cross-country Australian tour .
The towable Tiny House is reminiscent of the mobile design studio it introduced last September , which was a reconfigured Airstream that let people build their own Tesla vehicle as a kind of mobile virtual studio . These solar-focused demonstration trailers also feature mobile design studios and configurators within , but for Tesla 's solar products , including solar panels and its Powerwall energy storage battery for the home .
The Tiny House has actual siding this time around , which is made up of sustainable timber with not artificial chemical treatments . It weighs 2 tonnes ( around 4,400 pounds ) and has 2kW solar generation capacity using 6 panels , which can feed the single Powerwall battery mounted on the side .
Tesla 's touring the country with destinations at ever major Australian city , but residents can also request it swing by and pay a visit to smaller towns along the way , too . Tesla does n't yet offer solar installations in Australia , but it clearly wants to prime the pump , and it does sell Powerwall batteries for use with solar installations from other providers .
This model seems likely to be applied to other markets , too , should the Tiny House prove effective in swaying Australian customers . On the commercial side , Tesla is also building a huge renewable power storage facility using its Powerpack batteries , which will be the largest such facility in the world once it 's complete .
So , you 're taking a road trip for the Fourth of July weekend , and you 're about to leave the state .
Do you fill up on gas now , or do you wait to fill up after you cross the border ?
Making the wrong decision could cost you more than $ 10 a tank , depending on where you 're heading .
`` Watch out for those state lines , '' says Patrick DeHaan , senior petroleum analyst at fuel-station-finding app GasBuddy .
Gas prices averaged $ 2.86 per gallon Tuesday , according to AAA , hitting a four-year high for Independence Day travel .
Here 's some advice before you head out – all prices according to GasBuddy :
1 . Fill up in Arizona , not California
The price disparity between these two states is extreme .
Arizona averaged $ 3.06 per gallon as of Tuesday , while California averaged $ 3.73 , according to GasBuddy .
At those prices , a 15-gallon fill-up is $ 10.06 more expensive in California .
2 . Fill up in Texas , not New Mexico
If you 're road-tripping in the Southwest , price differences can be significant . This is another good example .
The price of fuel in Texas , where oil refineries are clustered , averaged $ 2.66 on Tuesday . In New Mexico , it was $ 2.91 .
That means you 'd save $ 3.75 in Texas on a 15-gallon tank .
3 . Fill up in Louisiana , not Texas
But Texas is more expensive than Louisiana , which is also a hot spot for refineries .
Prices averaged $ 2.59 in Louisiana on Tuesday , compared with $ 2.66 in Texas .
Generally , though , `` anywhere in the South '' is a good place to fill up , DeHaan said . `` They 're right in oil 's backyard . Plus , low taxes . ''
4 . Fill up in Ohio , not Michigan
Ohio is much more forgiving on the pocketbook than its rival to the north .
With prices averaging $ 2.79 on Tuesday , Ohio was sharply lower than Michigan 's $ 2.96 .
5 . Fill up in Virginia , not West Virginia
Going white-river rafting in West Virginia ? Sounds fun .
But fill up first in Virginia , where prices are 21 cents lower at $ 2.61 .
6 . Fill up in West Virginia , not Pennsylvania
West Virginia does n't look so bad when you see prices in Pennsylvania , which averaged $ 3.01 on Tuesday , compared with West Virginia 's $ 2.82 .
7 . Fill up in Massachusetts , not Connecticut
At $ 2.91 , Massachusetts is n't exactly an oasis of cheap gas .
But it 's still cheaper than neighboring Connecticut at $ 3.08 .
8 . Fill up in South Carolina , not North Carolina
North Carolina is 14 cents higher at $ 2.66 .
Come to think of it , fill up in South Carolina no matter where you 're heading . It 's the cheapest gas state in the country , according to GasBuddy .
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
LAHORE , June 15 ( APP ) - Former Pakistan captain Muhammad Yousaf said
reaching the final of the ICC Champions trophy was a great achievement on part of Pakistan team given the fact that there was no international cricket being played in Pakistan for past many years .
“ Such a remarkable performance has renewed the pledge that our cricket
is at rise despite the sour reality that we are playing at neutral venues for years now and we are still performing to a high level which has infused a new life in our national cricket , ” they told APP here on Thursday .
The former stylish batsman said the extra ordinary performance of Pak
team to breeze into the final of the Champions trophy has showed that Pakistan is rich in cricket talent and new players have the potential to fill the void .
“ Victory against England has its own significance , it will pump up the
team for final , it has added to the confidence of the little known players who performed superbly , it has given new identity to the team after losing to India , ” they said adding “ The team played positive and quality cricket to beat South Africa and England to prove it has the potential and talent to outpace any opponent , no matter how fancied it is . ”
Yousaf praised the batting skills of opener Azhar Ali , Fakhar Zaman ,
top order batsman and Babar Azam for inspiring the team to success . “ It was good to see the young bowlers , Hasan Ali , Roman Raees and Shadab Khan performing so good with variety of bowling . ”
They said beating the English side in their own backyard is an
extraordinary performance on part of the team in such a high profile cricket event .
“ Look at our national cricket , we have been forced to play at neutral
venues at different natures of wickets , we have no home crowd to watch our cricket , our cricket arenas are without international cricket , our cricket has suffered in many ways , and reaching the final of champions trophy is like a ray of hope that despite all hardship our cricket is flourishing , young talent is coming forward , we are gaining good name for our cricket and the image of our country is improving , ” said the former captain .
They said the team is one step away from gaining the title which can be
achieved by putting together the act of hard work and collective efforts .
“ Nothing is impossible , Pak team has the potential to win the title ,
what is needed consistency and playing the match like a normal game , setting aside the added pressure of a nerve wrecking final , ” they said .
Morpeth-based Pro-Ad is celebrating winning gold and silver at a prestigious national award ceremony .
The international promotional merchandise solutions company won the accolades at the IPM COGS Awards .
Pro-Ad won the Gold Award for its work in producing bespoke , colour coated computer mice for industrial paint company AkzoNobel .
It created a memorable gift that helped Akzo Nobel engage its staff with its Colour of the Year whilst celebrating its new premises .
The Silver Award went to Pro-Ad for its SSE Vulnerability Packs project .
SSE requested Pro-Ad 's help in putting together 12,000 packs that would be used to support its vulnerable customers who live in remote areas in the event of a power cut during storms .
Pro-Ad 's Managing Director Carlo Nardini said : “ We are delighted to have won the Gold and Silver awards at the IPM COGS Awards , especially as we were competing against campaigns for popular brands with an international presence .
“ The awards come as great recognition of our team and its efforts in providing our clients with the best quality of service and innovative promotional merchandise solutions .
“ We endeavour to keep improving our services even further and to have more chances to represent nationally and abroad the excellence showcased by businesses in the North East . ”
The awards were launched by the IPM to recognise the contribution made by marketing providers to the success of promotional campaigns .
The celebratory lunch was held at the St Pancras Renaissance Hotel in London .
Fundraising is never easy , but it 's even harder when the goal posts are being moved around . Such is the challenge facing today 's youngest startups , which are looking at very different fundraising metrics than new startups did just six or seven years ago .
We explored the issue yesterday with Peter Wagner , who spent more than 14 years with Accel as a managing partner before co-founding the early-stage firm Wing Venture Capital in 2013 with another veteran investor , Gaurav Garg , formerly of Sequoia Capital .
Wagner has an obvious interest in how rounds are changing . Wing has to know how much is reasonable to expect to invest in a company , even while it prefers to invest in companies that do n't yet have revenue or customers . In a competitive funding landscape , its now four-person investing team is also looking to raise the firm 's profile by publishing smart industry research , including , not so long ago , on the state of IoT .
Whatever Wing 's motivations , its findings are worth tracking if you 're a founder who is thinking about raising either a seed or Series A round any time soon . More from our chat with Wagner , along with Wing 's data , follows .
TC : Your second fund , $ 300 million , was nearly twice the size of your $ 160 million debut fund . Do you expect your third fund will be even larger ? Is this going to be an Accel-size firm some day ?
PW : No , we 're actually working hard to keep a lid on our fund size . Early-stage investing does n't scale . For us to grow , we 'd have to change our investing strategy .
TC : So many firms are doing exactly that , with the notable exception of Benchmark , which has maintained its fund size for the last 18 years roughly .
PW : I was at Accel when we were [ expanding into ] having a later-stage practice . We sought out different skills [ from potential hires ] because it 's a different process . Its fact , the more we learned about it , the more we realized how different a discipline it is .
TC : Given that you 're so focused on early-stage financing dynamics , tell us what you 've learned . How did you put together this new report ?
PW : We looked at companies that were funded by the 20 or so leading venture firms between 2010 and 2017 . It 's 2,700 companies altogether , and 5,800 financings . If a company raised a seed fund from another firm , but Sequoia led its Series A , all of its financings rounds , including that seed round , were incorporated into our research . We also focused on these companies ' downstream financings [ no matter the investors ] .
TC : So some of these companies are pretty new . Others are eight years old . What should founders know about the numbers ?
PW : Today 's seed round is larger than the average Series A round was in 2010 , which was n't all that long ago . The average Series A in 2010 was $ 4.9 million ; by last year , it had reached $ 12.1 million . The average seed round in 2010 was $ 1.4 million ; as of last year , it was $ 6.3 million .
TC : That 's a massive uptick , obviously . Do you find it worrying ?
PW : Not necessarily . It 's a reflection of the changing strategies of major venture firms . Those defined as Series A investors have mostly adopted a later-stage posture and at scale . And when you 're scaling a venture firm , you 'll do more later-stage investing because you can invest more money . That 's one of the things pulling up Series A sizes .
TC : Looking at another of your charts , it looks like the companies raising A round have to be a lot further along than was formerly the case . That 's not exactly a news flash , but it 's still interesting . Perhaps more telling is that 67 percent of them were already generating revenue , unlike 11 percent of their peers in 2010 . The same is playing out for seed investments , looks like .
PW : Yes , just 9 percent of seed-funding companies were generating revenue back in 2010 ; last year , more than half of them were .
VC : So much for “ venture ” investing . Since everyone is taking so much less risk on these companies at the seed and Series A stage , are they getting less in terms of their ownership of these startups ?
PW : Ownership percentages [ outside of Wing ] are hard to get , other than in IPO prospectuses . Based on anecdotal data and what I 've observed , major firms are still looking for the same ownership percentages . They 're just paying a lot more for it .
TC : You have other interesting data , including around the number of financings that startups are sealing up before they get to the Series A . It used to be A was the second round . Now , companies have raised nearly three rounds before they get to that point .
That seems not great for founders , who are giving away part of their company with every financing .
PW : As you know , “ pre-seed ” is a thing now , as are “ seed plus ” financings . So you have this segmentation within the world of seed before you get to post-adoption , where you have some evidence that things are working and investors can see how rapidly . Seed is the new A .
As for whether founders own less because of this trend , that 's a hard one to track , again because ownership stats are the last ones you 'll find .
TC : Well , you 're investing very early on , at the pre-seed or pre-adoption phase in many cases . Are you still taking the 20 percent that you looked to own when you were doing Series A deals that looked more like seed deals ?
PW : Ideally . Other times , we 'll start with a smaller position and build up to that . We play the role of go-to partner , so we want to be in that ownership position .
TC : With things shifting around so much , where is the Valley of Death these days ? You obviously have to have a strong startup to land Series A funding .
PW : It 's interesting . Major firms have adopted these scaled-up strategies and they 've outsourced a lot of the adoption work to investors and incubators and angel investors , who are launching a fleet of a thousand ships . That enables the firms to hang around and see which startups look the best and pick and choose .
What 's notable is they do n't have as much vested interest in companies at the Series A because it 's very different when you make a new investment versus a follow-on investment . It used to be that individuals at these firms were involved much earlier .
I 'm not sure if that 's a healthy or unhealthy development . But it does mean that seed firms have been presented with this expanded territory from which these other firms have backed away . Somebody has to do the foundation building . It 's a great opportunity for seed investors to play a bigger role , but it can certainly be a confusing time for founders , with investors changing , along with the criteria for who you let into your inner circle .
TC : You 've been in venture for more than 20 years . Is there a correction coming or has something fundamentally changed ?
PW : There will be a correction . There will always be a correction . Every time we 've ever thought the cycle has been broken , we 've been proven wrong . VC is cyclical . What I do n't know is the date of that correction or how deep it will be .
TC : Do you think venture firms should be raising such gigantic funds right now , given this likelihood ?
PW : The last time around [ in the late '90s ] , a bunch of people raised really big funds and wound up releasing half the capital or more back to their limited partners when the market changed . Returns on big funds have always disappointed . Things do change and tech is a much more important ingredient . But I do think this is still a boom-bust business .
The popular chef returns to Detroit for a few pop-up dinners at Frame in Hazel Park , which go on sale at noon Tuesday
Buy Photo Chef Craig Lieckfelt cooking in Detroit at Ponyride in 2013 . ( Photo : John T. Greilick / The Detroit News ) Buy Photo
Traveling chef Craig Lieckfelt is returning to Detroit this month for a series of pop-up dinners at Hazel Park 's Frame . Three December dinners quickly sold out , but fans have one more shot to snag a seat at their table this month .
Three or so years ago , when Detroit 's dining boom was starting to really gain steam , Lieckfelt 's Guns + Butter restaurant was one of the most anticipated openings . Their pop-up dinners were hot tickets , and one was even featured on an episode of Anthony Bourdain 's “ Parts Unknown ” series .
The buzz was that Lieckfelt was going to open a brick and mortar version of Guns + Butter in in Detroit at Broadway and Gratiot , but the chef delayed those plans and has taken their knives on the road . He 's been traveling and cooking in Tokyo , India , the United States and elsewhere .
Their Dec. 21 , 22 and 23 dinners are all sold out at Frame , which is located behind joebar , a new hangout in Hazel Park next to chef James Rigato 's popular Mabel Gray restaurant .
Tuesday at noon , tickets for two New Year 's Eve seatings will go on sale . Seatings are at 6:30 and 9:30 p.m. , with the latter expecting to extend to ring in the New Year . The six-course feast is $ 75 , and $ 45 to add wine pairings . There will be a cash bar .
Leicktfelt is making their signature yolk and maple starter , plus their version of Greek salad , mushroom soup , pierogi and kielbasa , stuffed cabbage and a chocolate and chestnut dessert .
Tickets include gratuity , and can be purchased starting noon Tuesday at framehazelpark.com . They are n't expected to last long .
Frame is located at 23829 John R in Hazel Park .
mbaetens @ detroitnews.com
Twitter : @ melodybaetens
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2Bd5EJS
London
The UK government has suspended a Syrian aid program to investigate reports that the money is ending up in the wrong hands . A government spokesperson broke the news on Monday , hours after a BBC investigation revealed that the cash used to form an unarmed police force in militant-held areas was being diverted to extremist groups .
According to the report , officers from the force , known as the Free Syrian Police ( FSP ) , have been caught cooperating with militant groups . This contravenes the force 's main obligation , which was supposed to be an unarmed civilian police force . The government spokesperson said Prime Minister Theresa May and their team took the allegations “ extremely seriously . ”
“ We take any allegations of co-operation with terrorist groups and of human rights abuses extremely seriously and the Foreign Office has suspended this program while we investigate these allegations , ” they said . The FSP officers are accused of handing over funds they had received in cash to an extremist group controlling the area .
UK money in Syria falls in Daesh hands : Millions of British pounds in Syria may have ended up in Daesh hands , a report says . Such cases were prevalent in Aleppo province , where officers paid at least 20 percent of their salaries to the Nour al-Din al-Zinki group , which controlled the area .
The UK-backed officers had helped the group “ by writing up warrants , delivering notices , and turning criminals over to the court. ” The BBC report alleged that extremist groups handpicked some FSP officers while dead and fictitious people were included on the police payroll in some areas .
Citing ASI 's own documents , the report stated that the organization 's staff were unable to find any officers during a 2016 visit of a police station in Idlib province , where 57 officers were expected to operate from . There was also evidence that some of the officers had been appointed by the Jabhat Fatah al-Sham – previously known as the Nusra Front – terrorist group.—Agencies
A drugstore makes for an unusual — though perhaps entirely appropriate — gift shop for a music history museum . But as a shiny new Shoppers Drug Mart takes over the landmark space at 279 Yonge St. — occupied by the Hard Rock Café from 1978 until 2017 — part of its second floor is now the Friar 's Music Museum , a time capsule snapshot of the famous music venue that stood there a half-century earlier .
Exterior of Friar 's Tavern in the early 1970s . ( City of Toronto Archives , Fonds 200 , Series 1465 , File 548 ) Menus , flyers and stir sticks from Yonge Street 's music heyday , on display at Friar 's Music Museum . ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) Detail of the drum wall at Friar 's Music Museum . ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) Domenic Troiano 's Fender Telecaster is on display at Friar 's . Behind it , yes , you can see the second floor of Shoppers Drug Mart . ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) Roman Records owner Duff Roman in a vintage selfie with James Brown . ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) From left , Roman Records owner Duff Roman , Shoppers Yonge and Dundas owner Andrew Yeh and museum co-curator Jan Haust pose with a cut-out of Ronnie Hawkins in the new micro-museum ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) Detail of an album recorded live in 1967 from Caribana . ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) Detail of the logo that once blared in neon from the wall of 279 Yonge St. ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) Detail of the Sam the Record Man display case at the Friar 's museum . ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star )
The micro museum , at 1,400 square feet , pays proper homage to the Friar 's Tavern ( and its companion space , Nickelodeon ) , which enjoyed residencies by jazz pianist Oscar Peterson and Arkansas rockabilly transplant Ronnie Hawkins , R & B scenesters Jon and Lee & the Checkmates , and Levon and the Hawks , who would eventually become better known as the Band . The Friar 's Tavern is the club that , in 1965 , introduced the Hawks to pioneering troubadour Bob Dylan , who promptly invited the group to accompany them on the road and electrify their previously untainted folk sound , much to the horror and uproar of acoustic folk purists around the world . But as local Grammy-winning music archivist Jan Haust — who curated the space along with author and music historian Nicholas Jennings — emphasizes , it 's not just the prominent stories that deserve the attention .
Article Continued Below
“ There are hidden and unknown stories of Yonge St. that have a lot of significance , ” said Haust , best known for unearthing and assembling the release of Bob Dylan and the Band 's The Complete Basement Tapes , during a recent tour of the site . “ It 's not just Robbie Robertson chasing after Ronnie Hawkins . There are a thousand stories. ” While the Friar 's Music Museum does n't cover quite that many stories , it does spotlight a wide variety of musicians prevalent on the scene in the 1950s and '60s . Produced by the Downtown Yonge BIA for Shoppers Drug Mart , the assembled memorabilia includes : Reproduced era album covers , among them the Oscar Peterson Trio 's live On the Town , and a couple by the Sparrow , later known as Steppenwolf , among them .
Domenic Troiano 's rainbow-striped stage jacket , their Fender Telecaster and their Fender amplifier , to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the release of the Mandala album Soul Crusade . An assortment of 33s and 45s , including an original copy of Richie Knight & the Mid-Knights ' chart-topping hit “ Charlena . ”
Article Continued Below
And several multimedia installations provided by ICON Media , including a fascinating touchscreen timeline that dates back to the opening of Massey Hall and covers many of Yonge St. 's lamented long-closed venues : the Colonial Tavern , the Edison Hotel , the Coq d'Or , the Hawk 's Nest , the Town Tavern and the Eaton Auditorium ( now the Carlu ) among them . But it was n't just rock 'n ' roll and jazz that were embraced by the city during that time period : R & B , country and even Caribbean music also enjoyed significant followings . “ Yonge St. was a place where Afro-American and Caribbean artists played alongside white musicians , and where female performers such as Shirley Matthews and Dianne Brooks and even a ( transgender artist ) like Jackie Shane could all become stars , ” noted Nick Jennings via email from Berlin . “ It 's the first time a curated exhibit has showcased this little-known side of the city 's rich music history : the bands on Yonge St. that gave Toronto an identifiable sound in the 1960s . More is known about the singer-songwriters of Yorkville , but Yonge had it all — folk , blues , jazz , country , rock and rhythm & blues — and that has n't been explored in this way before . Toronto really needs its own music museum and this project is a great start. ” Musicians are n't the only ones featured in the display , stuffed with contributions from individual donors , and the archives of Haust and Jennings : there 's a section devoted to CHUM and the numerous DJs — including Duff Roman and the late Bob McAdorey — who played significant roles in the listening habits of Toronto youth back in the day , and even the menus of certain nightspots . “ We try to capture and describe an era , not only of this club , but when this club was around radio was flying , ” Haust recalls . “ And the DJ was your friend at night when you 're doing homework , listening to them on a small transistor radio with one earbud. ” Roman 's contributions are particularly crucial to the development of the “ Toronto Sound ” : as the owner of Roman Records , the future Canadian Music Hall of Fame member recorded the Hawks , the Paupers and future Blood , Sweat & Tears frontman David Clayton-Thomas , encouraging them to write their own material , predating the eventual implementation of protectionist Can-con legislation . “ What we have here is a museum statement about prelegislated culture , ” Haust explains . “ It 's one thing to have a hit record once Canadian radio is required by law to play 30 per cent content and it 's entirely a different thing for Duff Roman to take David Clayton-Thomas to the studio on the money they were making on sock hops , and record Top 10 hits ‘ Walk That Walk ' and ‘ Brain Washed . ' That 's a pioneering foundation. ” The Friar 's Music Museum , free to the public , may be small , but it 's a big win for preserving local history , thanks to Mark Garner , executive director of the Downtown Yonge BIA , who persuaded Shoppers franchise owner Andrew Yeh to pony up a significant amount of this prime downtown retail space , valued at approximately $ 200 per square foot . “ You 've got a better chance of splitting an atom in your basement than accomplishing what we 've accomplished , ” joked Garner in an interview . Garner considers the Friar 's museum the latest step in an effort to boost Toronto music tourism , previously complemented by building murals , Nick Jennings ' walking tours and book Before the Gold Rush , Jan Haust 's documentary project Yonge Street : Toronto Rock & Roll Stories , and numerous historical plaques . “ This is the flagship , ” Garner says of the museum . “ We are working on other micro museums all the way along Yonge St. to preserve the cultural heritage . “ This is a neighbourhood that 's gentrifying quickly . Right now , it 's still living history , so we have to strike while the iron 's hot . ”
Read more about :
Ankara
Kosovo 's president told media on Sunday they expected “ fair and constructive ” relations with Russia , despite Moscow refusing to recognize their country 's independence .
Speaking in Ankara , Hashim Thaci said the current close ties between Moscow and Belgrade did not need to be an obstacle to better Russian relations with Kosovo . “ Kosovo is not an enemy of Russia , ” Thaci added .
The small Balkan country declared its independence from Serbia in February 2008 . However , Belgrade did not recognize the move and is supported by Russia .
“ Kosovo can have a dynamic role on the road to peace and stability . Changing the attitude of Russia towards Kosovo will make a positive contribution to the region , ” said Thaci .
They added that the time had come to achieve direct relations between their country and Russia .
“ All prejudice must disappear . In history , Kosovo has never harmed Russia . Therefore , Kosovo does not deserve this unfair attitude and punishment , ” Thaci said . Fight against terrorism Stating that Kosovo is a part of the international coalition against terrorism , Thaci said that their country recently helped to prevent a Daesh attack on a stadium in the Albanian city of Elbasan by identifying Kosovan citizens who had traveled to Syria.—Agencies
KARACHI , April 17 ( APP ) : Turkish investors were interested to
invest in Pakistan in different sectors , said Turkish Consul
General of Turkey in Karachi Murat Mustafa .
Sindh Governor Muhammad Zubair also emphasized on coordinated efforts
for increasing trade between Pakistan and Turkey that could also play an important role in eliminating poverty and un-employment in the region .
Both the dignitaries exchanged their views in a meeting , here at
the Governor House , said an official statement on Monday .
The Governor said the people of Pakistan and Turkey were bound
under the relationship of Islamic brotherhood . Turkey had always
helped Pakistan in difficult time .
They discussed the opportunities for promoting economic cooperation
between the two countries in different sectors , potential for investment in Sindh and other issues of bilateral interest .
There were great investment opportunities in Sindh ; especially in
Karachi where many multinational companies had their offices besides
big commercial centres and large industrial zones , they said .
In Karachi , they added , educated and skilled youth were available at
low wages and it was a positive point for investors .
As a result of restoration of law and order , and better economic
policies of the present government , foreign investment was increasing
and that with coming of foreign investors Pakistan 's soft image had
been restored in the world , the Governor said .
Turkish Consul General was appreciative of Pakistan 's law
enforcing agencies for restoring law and order in the country .
They noted that the environment in Sindh was very conducive for
investment and the support at the provincial and federal level to the
investors are very encouraging .
Turkish investors wanted to benefit from the economic opportunities
in Sindh ; especially in Karachi along with other areas of the country .
The sectors of their interest were energy , infrastructure , agriculture ,
textile , education and health , they informed .
The Governor said the Pakistan had unique geographic position and
it could play an important role for peace not only in South Asia but
in the world . After completion of China Pakistan Economic Corridor ,
Pakistan would become a more important country in the world .
A team of geophysicists has developed a new theory explaining how eruptions from some of the biggest volcanoes in the Solar System could have led to oceans on Mars .
Tharsis , a region in equatorial Mars stretching about 5,000 kilometers across , is home to some of the biggest volcanoes on the planet . The largest one , Olympus Mons , is about 22 kilometers high and almost two and a half times taller than Mount Everest .
A paper published in Nature on Monday ties the formation of Tharsis to the rise of oceans on Mars . Michael Manga , senior author of the paper and a professor of earth and planetary science at the University of California , Berkeley , said : “ Volcanoes may be important in creating the conditions for Mars to be wet . ''
Over the eons the volcanoes would have helped form deep oceans on Mars . However , further eruptions altered the planet 's crust to make shallower seas .
“ If you took the oldest and youngest ocean and spread the water over the entire planet , the water would be at least 280 and 85 meters deep , ” they explained to The Register .
Some scientists have previously opposed the idea of oceans on Mars by arguing that the polar ice caps do n't contain enough water , it has no atmosphere to keep liquid oceans , and that potential shorelines show uneven levels of water .
But in the new model , the oceans either formed earlier or at the same time as Tharsis some 3.7 billion years ago . It means that the volcanic structure would have been smaller and its crust would have been less deformed , so it would n't have been able to hold as much water as previously thought .
`` The assumption was that Tharsis formed quickly and early , rather than gradually , and that the oceans came later , '' Manga said . `` We 're saying that the oceans predate and accompany the lava outpourings that made Tharsis . ''
The volcanoes in the Tharsis region would have also ejected gases into the atmosphere to create a greenhouse effect , allowing liquid water to remain in the oceans . The eruptions could have also brought water found underground up to the surface and contributed to the development of seas .
Manga said the shorelines would have been even , as expected for a standing body of water . But as Tharsis continued to deform over time from volcanic activity , its possible that the ancient seabed depressed the land so that ocean levels dipped , changing the shoreline .
The lines in the Arabia shoreline leftover from the oldest ocean are higher than the ones in the Deuteronilus shoreline from the youngest ocean that was created after Tharsis caved in .
The model is hypothetical , and researchers will have to find more concrete evidence to back up their claims . NASA is expected to launch InSight , a lander module , to Mars later this summer . The researchers hope that the seismometer onboard will be able to detect a presence of subsurface ice leftover in its crust from an ancient ocean . ®
Sponsored : Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Theatrical distributor Turbo Films is to release “ The Snow Queen : Fire and Ice , ” the third part in Wizart Animation 's animated movie franchise , on 8,000 movie screens in China on April 5 .
“ We are elated to be working with Wizart Animation to bring their delightfully animated ‘ Snow Queen 3 ' into theaters in China . Wizart has created a modern re-imagination of a classic fairytale by Hans Christian Andersen that is fun for parents and children alike , ” according to a statement from Turbo .
Russia 's Wizart is set to present “ The Snow Queen : Mirrorlands , ” the fourth instalment in the franchise , to buyers this week at Hong Kong 's FilMart . The movie will be released in Russia in December . Universal Pictures and KLB SAS will release the film in French-speaking territories . It has also been sold to South Korea , Poland and Turkey .
In the new story , Gerda sets out to save “ the holders of the magic powers , trapped in Mirrorlands. ” Gerda has to team up with the Snow Queen in order “ to prevent the fairytales from disappearing. ” The directors are the franchise veteran Aleksey Tsitsilin and Robert Lence , known for their work on “ Beauty and the Beast , ” “ Toy Story ” and “ Shrek . ”
“ The Snow Queen : Fire and Ice ” will be released in the U.S. later this year by Vertical Entertainment , which acquired the film at the European Film Market in Berlin . Previous films in the franchise have been sold to more than 150 countries .
Buy Photo Organizers of a ballot drive to make the Michigan Legislature a part-time body and slash lawmakers ' pay said they have mailed hundreds of thousands of petitions to voters in the hopes they will gather signatures from their friends and family . ( Photo : Dale G. Young / The Detroit News ) Buy Photo
Lansing – Organizers of a ballot drive to make the Michigan Legislature a part-time body and slash lawmakers ' pay said they have mailed hundreds of thousands of petitions to voters in the hopes they will gather signatures from their friends and family .
The Clean Michigan committee announced the plan Monday , in conjunction with radio and online ads urging people to sign the petition . The group needs roughly 315,000 valid signatures within a 180-day window to get the constitutional amendment on the November 2018 ballot .
Spokesman John Yob said the committee is two-thirds of the way toward its goal and is on track to submit the petitions to the state by the mid-January deadline . The ballot committee has also been using paid circulators and volunteers to collect signatures since July .
“ We are putting this decision directly in the hands of voters by mailing hundreds of thousands of petitions across the state so they can decide if they want to put the issue on the ballot and give voters the option of making this important change like most other states , ” Tom McMillin , a Republican member of the State Board of Education and a former legislator , said in a statement .
The constitutional amendment would require lawmakers to adjourn their regular session by April 15 of each year . Their pay would be cut from nearly $ 72,000 to roughly $ 32,000 , or half the average teacher 's salary . Although the measure would tie legislator pay to teacher pay , it would have no effect on how much teachers earn or benefit them in any discernable way . The proposal also would lock into the constitution an existing ban against lawmakers getting a pension or health care in retirement .
Until last month , the ballot initiative was being spearheaded by Lt. Gov . Brian Calley , who handed off leadership of the effort to McMillin , former Republican National Committeeman Dave Agema and grassroots activists before launching a run for governor . Calley 's critics have accused them of abandoning what they say has been a disorganized initiative , particularly at the onset when it was announced in late spring .
As of October , the group had raised $ 887,000 , spent $ 733,000 and had $ 154,000 on hand . Nearly all of its money came from three sources : the Fund for Michigan Jobs , a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) “ social welfare ” nonprofit that is not required to disclose its donors ( $ 666,000 ) ; Capital Sales Co. , a Hazel Park-based distributor of snacks , tobacco and other items to convenience stores and other businesses ; and Kalamazoo-area business person William Parfet .
The group also received $ 301,000 of in-kind media and advertising support from a Calley-connected independent political action committee .
The proposal is opposed by the Michigan Chamber of Commerce , which says it would dramatically weaken the legislative branch in favor of the executive branch and further empower non-elected state bureaucrats .
Michigan , where legislators can serve no more than 14 years , is among 10 states with a full-time legislature , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Sixteen states have a part-time legislature , and 24 are “ hybrids ” — with lawmakers who typically say they spend more than two-thirds of a full-time job being lawmakers .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2Bdmc4w
Chinese delegation visits FPCCI regional office
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Ghazanfar Bilour , President FPCCI has shown serious concern over the recent hike in the prices of POL products and LPG .
They said that this will increase the cost of production and Pakistani products will suffer in competitiveness . Consequently , there will a further negative impact on our already declining exports .
They further said a huge population is living below the poverty line in the country . The current increase in prices will increase the burden on the poor masses in particular and overall on the general public , as the prices of commodities will rise .
They urged the government that these increases may be withdrawn .
A 10-member Chinese trade delegation of Linyi Trade City led by Tang Junjie , Managing Director Linyi Trade City Overseas Investment Ltd , on Friday visited regional office of the Federation of Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( FPCCI ) to explore investment opportunities .
The business interest of the delegation was trading of camera control and surveillance system , electric intelligence security fencing engineering , lighting industry , lamps and lanterns , switch products , electric appliance , solar panel , solar water heaters , ceramics , plywood , marble and hardware products .
Speaking on the occasion , Tang Junjie said Linyi Trade City is capital of logistics and hub of exhibitions , warehouses , wholesale markets , centers , retail parks and manufacturing plants . The Pakistani business community should also explore the city as thousands of companies from China and rest of the world are already operating and taking their share from the city .
Responding to a question of equal trade opportunities , they said they were already working in Gwadar on a project where they have built an exhibition centre of 6,000 square meters , and a warehouse of 140,000 square meters . Chinese and Pakistani men both are part of the workforce in this project , they added .
FPCCI Regional Chairman Ch ArfanYousaf highlighted various investment and joint ventures opportunities and said that joint ventures with Chinese enterprises would facilitate vital transfer of technology as Pakistan direly need to upgrade value-addition process .
May 2 Tanager Energy Inc :
* Tanager Energy Inc - in connection with outstanding 10 % secured convertible debentures , maturity date been extended from May 3 , 2017 to August 3 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Islamabad
Pakistan Meteorological Department Sunday forecast rain-thunderstorm with few heavy falls with gusty winds at scattered places in upper Punjab ( Rawalpindi , Gujranwala , Lahore , Sargodha , Faisalabad divisions ) , KP , Zhob divisions , Islamabad , FATA , Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan . Light rain is also expected at a few places in Sindh and Balochistan coast.—APP
A Pennsylvania man has been sentenced to six years in prison after they were convicted of traveling to west suburban Aurora to pay to have sex with teenage girls.Shane R. Lewis , 38 , was convicted by a jury in August of involuntary sexual servitude of a minor , traveling to meet a minor , and grooming , all felonies , according to the Kane County state 's attorney 's office.On Jan. 8 , 2015 , Lewis was in the Chicago area on business when they went to an Aurora hotel with the intent to pay for sex with what they believed would be 14-year-old and 15-year-old girls , prosecutors said.Lewis was met by a person they thought was the girls ' mother , confirmed that they wanted sexual favors , paid the person $ 200 , and was arrested , prosecutors said . They testified during the trial that their intent was to engage in sexual conduct with the children.He had been free on a $ 12,500 bond , but their bond was revoked upon conviction and they were taken into custody.Lewis , of Kennett Square , Pennsylvania , faced between six and 30 years in prison , prosecutors said . In addition to the prison term , they must register as a sexual offender for 10 years .
A Bristol University student , whose mother and brother were stabbed to death , says they found out what happened on social media .
Lydia Wilkinson , who is studying biology in Bristol was at their halls of residence when their parents and brother were stabbed at their Stourbridge home .
According to The Daily Mail they said : `` Initially I found out what had happened on social media and online – at first I just saw that there had been three stabbings and I did n't know much more .
`` Soon after , I heard from the police .
`` It was horrendous , just awful – I was on my own , but my friends rallied round me and my boyfriend 's parents came to pick me up from Bristol .
`` [ They ] drove me straight back to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham , by which time Dad had just come out of theatre . ''
They added : `` They told me they were going to be OK – I just felt a massive sense of relief , I 'd lost two family members and really thought I was going to lose Dad too .
`` It was so sudden and unexpected which makes it hurt even more .
`` For a good few hours , I thought I had no one . ''
The attack left Lydia 's dad in intensive care after they suffered stab wounds , lacerations to their face and nerve damage .
They needed 97 stitches and spent two weeks in hospital .
Speaking at their parents ' house near the family home they said : `` We were in a happy family bubble , the four of us .
`` Lydia was at Bristol University doing great .
`` Pierce was at school which they loved .
`` And my wife was an absolute angel . We had such a happy family life . We are good people .
`` We always helped others . We are a charitable family .
`` We just miss them so much .
`` We sit talking about it everyday . We were really happy . Now our lives have got a huge hole in them . ''
Lydia said they and their father had to stay strong .
They said : `` I can hear Mum 's voice in my head all the time , telling me to hold my head up high
`` We need to keep going and live for them , to make them proud – that 's what they 'd want . ''
Aaron Barley , 23 , of no fixed address has been charged with two counts of murder .
RENTON , Wash. -- Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman said Wednesday they did not request a trade this offseason and that they have a `` fantastic '' relationship with Seattle quarterback Russell Wilson .
`` It 's just a conversation they have every year , '' Sherman said . `` I guess this year , more people knew about it . It 's a conversation they have every year -- everybody 's open , everybody 's available . They just made sure I knew , and you guys found out . Pretty open about it . It was never a situation where anybody asked for it . It was just a conversation . ''
Throughout the offseason , Seahawks coach Pete Carroll and general manager John Schneider said publicly on multiple occasions that Sherman was available , but they never made a deal .
Richard Sherman downplayed the idea of a rift with Russell Wilson but said quarterbacks get treated differently on every team . AP Photo/Elaine Thompson
At one point , Schneider said the reasoning for such a trade would be to free up salary cap space and get younger on defense .
Sherman was asked why they thought the team considered moving him .
`` Because they are always open to possibilities , to hear what people have to say , '' Sherman said . `` If somebody comes with two first-rounders , I would n't blame them in the least , you know ? I would n't blame them at all . It 'd be another crazy trade . Who was it that got traded like that ? Herschel Walker or something like that ?
`` But it 's just conversation . I think we have a fantastic relationship and always have . And it 's always been transparent to have those communications and not have them in a rude or discourteous way , but just professionally . ''
A recent ESPN The Magazine article detailed division in the Seahawks locker room and a rift between Sherman and Wilson .
Sherman was asked about their relationship with the quarterback .
`` It 's fantastic , '' Sherman said . `` We 're teammates . It 's like a family . It 's like everyone else in a family . We fight for one another , just like I 'm fighting for the other 52 guys out there ; I 'm fighting for him , and he 's fighting for us . We have a great appreciation for how tough our quarterback is and what they have played through . Last year , they played through a number of injuries , and he 's not doing that just because , 'Ah man , I 've got to go out there and it 's a job . ' He 's doing that for the guys next to him , and we appreciate that , and we think they are a great quarterback . ''
Sherman did not deny that Wilson gets treated differently by the coaching staff but downplayed the idea , saying quarterbacks get treated differently on every team .
Last season , Sherman got into shouting matches with coaches on the sideline on two different occasions . In March , Carroll said that many of the issues Sherman had last year were `` self-inflicted . ''
Sherman was asked what they thought Carroll meant and for the first time voiced some regret for the altercations .
`` He means I hold myself to a high standard , and I 'm a heart-on-the-sleeve kind of player , '' Sherman said . `` So I 'm competitive as all get out . That 's what they mean . They mean I 'm competitive as anybody out there and at all times I 'm competing . At all times I 'm trying to win . At all times I 'm trying to push the envelope and push the limits . And it has always been the case -- publicly , privately and elsewhere . So that 's what they mean .
`` It 's never changed , it 's never wavered . At times it might have gotten kind of overblown , I might have gone over the top . But they understood where it was coming from , and so did my teammates . So like I said before , it 's just the competitiveness -- it 's just a competitive team . And that 's why my teammates still ride with me . They 're still ride or die . Just like any other family . You 're going to have good times and bad times , but you show your true colors through the good and the bad . And they ride with me through the good and the bad , and I ride with them through the good and the bad , because we 've been there . We 're battle-tested . ''
During a game in December , Sherman openly questioned Carroll and offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell for calling a pass play from the Los Angeles Rams ' 1-yard line .
Asked at the time about the incident , Sherman pointed to the Seahawks ' Super Bowl XLIX loss to the New England Patriots and a similar situation that resulted in a Wilson interception at game 's end .
But on Wednesday , they said that Super Bowl defeat no longer hangs over the team .
`` For it to linger , most of these guys would have to be here , and the guys that are here have moved past it , '' Sherman said . `` I mean , we 've had Pro Bowled , All-Pro seasons since then , and we 're battling . Sometimes you run into injuries like we did last year and the year before and you get derailed . Or you run into a better opponent like we did Carolina that year , and it does n't work out . I do n't think that has anything to do with a Super Bowl hangover or anything . It 's just football . A hundred percent injury rate .
`` You need some luck to get there . And unfortunately , we did n't have the luck we needed , and we did n't make the plays that we need to move forward . But I do n't think it has anything to do with a Super Bowl hangover . I think we still have the tools and we still have everything we need . We win it this year and I think the questions are still the same . I think it 's just , 'Oh , they got one . Is the window closing ? ' Because you always need a story . ''
CHICAGO -- The Baltimore Orioles placed slugging first baseman Chris Davis on the 10-day disabled list because of a strained right oblique on Wednesday .
Manager Buck Showalter said Davis had trouble sleeping Tuesday night and likely wo n't begin any treatment for a few days .
Davis left Monday 's loss to the Chicago White Sox after hitting a fly to right with the bases loaded in the third inning . They are batting .226 with 14 homers and 26 RBIs .
The Orioles also selected infielder David Washington 's contract from Triple-A Norfolk and transferred outfielder Anthony Santander from the 10-day to the 60-day DL because of a strained right forearm .
The Daily Coin
Rory Hall , The Daily Coin . Beginning in 1987 Rory has written over 1,000 articles and produced more than 300 videos on topics ranging from the precious metals market , economic and monetary policies , preparedness as well as geopolitical events . Their articles have been published by Zerohedge , SHTFPlan , Sprott Money , GoldSilver , Silver Doctors , SGTReport , and a great many more . Rory was a producer and daily contributor at SGTReport between 2012 and 2014 . They have interviewed experts such as Dr. Paul Craig Roberts , Dr. Marc Faber , Eric Sprott , Gerald Celente and Peter Schiff , to name but a few . Do n't forget to visit The Daily Coin and Shadow of Truth YouTube channels to enjoy original videos and some of the best economic , precious metals , geopolitical and preparedness news from around the world .
SINGAPORE — Mr Othman Wok , a key member of the Old Guard whose unwavering support for the Government 's multiracial stand helped the People 's Action Party ( PAP ) secure the Malay ground during the turbulent 1960s , has died at the age of 92 . They died at the Singapore General Hospital at 12. todayonline 7:15:00 PM CEST
Chicago gets back-to-back homers from Anthony Rizzo and Ian Happ to start the game , but New York is able to battle back behind Curtis Granderson 's 300th career long ball in a 9-4 win . ( 0:56 )
Matt Harvey 's baseball career has already had enough twists and turns to please the headline writers at the New York tabloids , and it appears they will now be armed with even more material . The New York Mets beat the Chicago Cubs 9-4 on Wednesday with five runs in the eighth inning -- Curtis Granderson 's 300th career home run was the go-ahead blast , and Lucas Duda soon followed with a three-run homer -- but the aftermath of the game was all about Harvey 's poor performance and apparent tired arm .
After the game , Harvey , 28 , said it was `` pretty low for me physically . '' Manager Terry Collins would say , `` Matt 's arm is fatigued . ... They said there 's nothing coming out . '' He 'll see a doctor tomorrow to get it checked out .
The radar readings confirm what everyone saw . Harvey averaged just 91 mph with their fastball , the lowest velocity of any game in their career . They also threw the three slowest fastballs of their career , including one in the third inning to Anthony Rizzo that was clocked at 87.2 mph . While many of the controversies Harvey has faced have been self-induced , it 's still sad to see this as a fan . We 're talking about a guy who was a top-three starter in the game when they were originally injured in August 2013 and returned in 2015 still throwing 96 mph smoke .
In Wednesday 's start , they served up home runs to the first two batters they faced , Rizzo and Ian Happ . In the fourth inning , Kyle Schwarber destroyed a 90 mph fastball :
Collins removed them after that inning ; Harvey had thrown just 58 pitches . Even if there 's no structural damage to their arm , it makes sense to sit them for a spell . He 's not helping the team with a 5.25 ERA and all these short outings . While they allowed no runs in their previous start against the Atlanta Braves , they also labored through 104 pitches in five innings . They have pitched six innings just once in their past nine starts . Their body language once again was particularly negative , the look of a pitcher with no confidence in their stuff or their ability to locate their pitches . Peak Harvey averaged fewer than two walks per nine innings ; this year , he 's averaging 4.5 walks per nine .
You also have to wonder if the Mets rushed Harvey back too soon from their thoracic outlet surgery last July :
Remember , the Mets said Harvey should n't be full strength until mid-May . They opened the year in the rotation anyway and now had a dead arm . — Mets Daddy ( @ MetsDaddy2013 ) June 15 , 2017
Aside from Harvey 's issue , Neil Walker also left the game with a leg injury suffered trying to beat a out a bunt . Michael Conforto did n't start for the third consecutive game because of back soreness . Yet they 've now won six of eight and took two of three against the Cubs . With Jose Reyes still struggling at .187 and Asdrubal Cabrera on the disabled list , there is also loud clamoring from Mets fans to call up top prospect Amed Rosario .
At 30-34 , it 's not a lost season just yet . It does feel , however , that Harvey will be the straw that stirs this drink . You ca n't trade him , because you 'd be selling low . So if they do require a DL stint , even just to rest their arm , they need to return with an attitude adjustment as much as a pitching one .
Dodgers win sixth in a row : With apologies to the Colorado Rockies and Arizona Diamondbacks , the Dodgers are looking more and more like the team to beat in the National League West . Not exactly a bold statement there , but they made a big statement by beating the Indians ' Andrew Miller for the second night in a row . Wednesday 's hero was Kike Hernandez , who pinch-hit for Chase Utley against Miller in the eighth and hit a 1-2 fastball out to right field to break a 2-2 tie . They tacked on three more runs off Miller , who had allowed two runs all season before giving up five these past two nights .
It was the second time in Miller 's career they allowed home runs in consecutive appearances , and the first time they did it on consecutive days . After throwing 25 pitches Tuesday , they came out without their 95-plus velocity , throwing a couple of 91 mph fastballs to Hernandez . The Dodgers ' utility guy is one of their unsung heroes , hitting .237 but slugging .504 as 22 of their 31 hits have gone for extra bases .
Oh , Kenley Jansen had a 1-2-3 ninth with one strikeout . That 's now 45 K 's and zero walks . Maybe the Nationals should have increased their offer to him ?
A hairy situation : Ben Gamel of the Mariners with the play of the day :
Ben Gamel fears no wall . pic.twitter.com/9DP4vcOfg2 — MLB ( @ MLB ) June 15 , 2017
By the way , keep a close eye on Thursday 's Mariners-Twins game . Seattle beat Ervin Santana 6-4 on Wednesday as Mitch Haniger hit a two-run homer and Mike Zunino hit a three-run home run . Both were later hit by a pitch . Probably a coincidence ! But maybe not ! Nelson Cruz was also hit by a pitch , so the Mariners have a few bruises they might not like .
Derek Fisher makes immediate impact for Astros : A former University of Virginia standout and the 37th pick in the 2014 draft , Fisher made their big league debut in left field and did this as part of a two-hit , two-walk night in a 13-2 victory over the Texas Rangers :
Fisher was hitting .335/.401/.608 at Fresno , nice numbers even for Triple-A . They drew 83 walks in the minors in 2016 . In other words , they project as an offensive upgrade over Norichika Aoki , which could free up Marwin Gonzalez to play less left field and more at first base or even designated hitter , where Carlos Beltran is n't providing much offense .
This should be fun : A fun idea ! Good job , MLB .
News : MLB players can wear nicknames on back of jerseys , crazy-colored footwear , for `` Players Weekend . '' Details : https : //t.co/Rwuek0d4fz — Jeff Passan ( @ JeffPassan ) June 14 , 2017
Players and teams used to do this on a regular basis back in the 1970s . Paul Lukas of Uni Watch covered this a few years ago . Jimmy Wynn , `` The Toy Cannon , '' wore CANNON , for example . Mariners outfielders Ruppert Jones went with RUPE . Ted Turner even snuck in CHANNEL for Andy Messersmith , who wore No . 17 , as a way to advertise their television station ( Channel 17 ) . They were politely informed not to do that again .
The problem , however : Not enough good nicknames in today 's game . Certainly nothing close to the awesomeness of `` The Toy Cannon . '' My one recommendation : Matt Harvey should not wear DARK KNIGHT .
BURLINGTON , Ont . — Police have laid charges against the father of a three-year-old Ontario boy who died after being left in a hot car last week .
Halton regional police say 37-year-old Shaun Pennell of Burlington , Ont. , faces one count of criminal negligence causing death and one count of failing to provide the necessaries of life .
Police have said officers got a call on May 23 from a `` hysterical '' man , indicating that a child was in a vehicle and was not breathing .
They said the boy was outside a grey Ford Escape when emergency crews arrived and paramedics pronounced them dead at the scene .
Azerbaijani president arrives in Turkey on official visit ( PHOTO )
2018-04-24 17:36 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku , Azerbaijan , April 24
Trend :
Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev has arrived in Turkey on an official visit .
A guard of honor was lined up for President Aliyev at the Ankara Esenboga Airport decorated with the national flags of Azerbaijan and Turkey .
Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Fikri Isik and other state and governmental officials welcomed President Aliyev .
The head of the guard of honor reported to President Aliyev .
The president greeted the guard of honor .
Follow Trend on Telegram . Only most interesting and important news
“ You know , I very much hope we do n't have a shutdown . I will say I 'm concerned . I think Chuck Schumer and the Democrats want a shutdown . ”
— Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) , quoted by the Texas Tribune .
On this week 's episode of CTRL+T , it 's all about flamethrowers ( yes , the devices that throw flames ) , startups trying to get inside your mouth and education in the prison system .
Later on , I chat with the one and only DeRay Mckesson , who is known for their social justice activism via # BlackLivesMatter protests in Ferguson , Missouri and Baltimore , Maryland . He 's also the host of Crooked Media 's Pod Save the People and co-founder of policy platform Campaign Zero .
This year , McKesson and their team are focused on two areas : the racial wealth gap and mass incarceration , Mckesson told me on CTRL+T . Specifically , Campaign Zero is trying to “ create an entrance for people that 's an easy entrance but also high impact ” and solutions-oriented , they said .
Mckesson said a lot of people do n't know how , in states like Virginia , theft over $ 200 is considered a felony .
“ Most people would say a felon is someone who killed somebody or shot ten people , ” they said . They later added , “ I 'm not convinced that stealing an iPhone is a felony or stealing a bike is a felony . ”
Mckesson also pointed to Immigration Customs and Enforcement 's detention bed quota , which requires ICE to detain a minimum of 34,000 people every day .
Through Campaign Zero , Mckesson said they and their team are helping empower people with knowledge about how these structures and systems operate and impact people . The idea , they told me , is to get people thinking about what it looks like when people are entrapped by systems .
Subscribe to CTRL+T on Apple Podcasts , Stitcher , Overcast , CastBox or whatever other podcast platform you can find and give us a five-star rating .
No , I 'm not talking trains , not the London Underground . And I 'm not talking the 80 's rock wordsmiths behind She 's a Beauty , The Tubes . I 'm talking about what I call the tube , the ‘ ol MRI machine . It is , after all , a tube . The part where they slide you in on a board like you 're a human sized calzone makes it more like a pizza oven , but I 'm going to stick with calling it the tube .
Let 's just say I 've had a few MRIs over these past five years . A few minutes before I was supposed to have my very first MRI , the one before I knew it was a desmoid tumor , a neighbor approached me and asked where I was going . When I told them I was going to have an MRI , my very first MRI , they began an apoplectic tirade about the horrors of the the tube .
Do you have drugs ? You 're going to need drugs ! Get a Xanax . You are absolutely going to FREAK OUT when you get in there ! You may think you 're going to be fine , but when they start pushing you in there and everything closes in on you , you are going to FREAK OUT !
That very first MRI , the one where I did not need a Xanax and did not freak out , was where we narrowed down what the odd lump on my left hip might be to three things : cancerous tumor , non cancerous tumor , or hematoma . I had to google that last one . It 's kind of like a huge bruise . So , I made myself an honorary doctor and determined that it was nothing more than a huge bruise and therefore I had nothing to worry about .
I was , in fact , wrong . Rarely , if ever , happens to me . Let me assure you .
I got to know the people at my previous imaging center . I had my preferences . Luckily I only had to deal with the lady who could n't find a vein one time and one time only . There was the youngish guy that was precise and methodical , always set me up in exactly the same order each time and always apologized for being such a perfectionist . They liked their MRIs set up a certain way . They always found a vein and never let me speak of getting negative results . You never know . It just may be good this time .
There is a certain level of intimacy that you have with those who care for you when you 're ill. You 're often vulnerable , sometimes needing help getting in and out , up or down , around and through , usually in various stages of undress . Bodily fluids are almost always involved . Bonds are made , trust builds with professionals who are otherwise perfect strangers . Nothing brings you closer , faster to someone you do n't know than a painless blood draw .
There was the older woman who always smiled . They never missed a vein , even when they were being difficult . They 're hiding , but I 'll find one . They always had the kindest disposition . Why they even said to me , it 's going to be okay , when I came in for my MRI the day after I watched the giant orange oaf win the election . We 'll be alright . Them smile always made me feel better even when I knew I was going to get bad news .
And when those lovely folks get you all strapped in and leave the room and all you have left is their faraway voice coming through the headphones counting down the minutes and occasionally asking how you are , all you can do is think . You think about the good and the bad , the absurd , the benign . Your mind , it goes .
I 've had some dark thoughts in the tube . It 's hard not to when you 're on a streak where nothing is working . Mostly , though , it 's mundane thoughts , wandering reflections . Like how my thigh looks eerily similar to a ham on an MRI image , which makes sense when you think about it . I think about the one report that deemed my pelvis unremarkable . I realize that is a good thing , medically speaking , but I find the term insulting . My remarkable pelvis and I are personally offended .
When I set up my first imaging appointment after meeting with my new oncologist I had a few apprehensions . It felt a little bit like gearing up for the first day of Kindergarten . I 'll be the new kid in a new town . Will I be able to find the place ? Will I like them ? Will they get the vein on the first stick ? Almost like the first day of school , just a little more morbid .
Of course , I was n't able to find the place . It took me a few false starts and a mildly panicked phone call to get to the right building . I was issued the standard paperwork . Pregnant ? No . Claustrophobic ? No . Any allergies to contrast solution ? No . Any previous MRIs ? You got an hour ?
Ricky was my guy and I liked them from the start . What are we here for today ?
Well , I 've got a couple of tumors in my leg… .
Left one .
Yep . And we 're going to see if they 're still dead .
Alrighty then , you 've done this a time or two before then , have n't ya ?
Yeah , once or twice . I 'm not pregnant . I 'm not claustrophobic and I 'm not allergic to contrast solution .
Well , you 're making my job very easy today .
It 's that , that small exchange that makes the difference . That acknowledgment that what we 're dealing with is pretty heavy , but that we 've been dealing with it so much we must make a punchline out of it from time to time . In serious illness you 're constantly searching for that sweet spot . Your life has to be soft enough to let you fall , hard enough to keep you from staying there , and wise enough to know when you ca n't do either .
And sometimes , when it comes to what I need and when I need it , your guess is as good as mine . I am constantly searching for that sweet spot .
Ricky got the vein on the very first stick and was equal parts wise and forgiving . It seems Ricky has done this a time or two himself . After making sure I had a warm blanket and strapping me in they asked , are you ok ? With an enthusiastic ‘ yep ' me and my wandering mind were slid in .
I thought about hams , as I tend to . The visual makes me laugh , forces me to not take this whole thing personally , gives the term ‘ just a piece of meat ' a whole new meaning . I wondered if Ricky could tell through the ‘ ol MRI machine that I had n't shaved my legs this morning . I accepted the fact that , be it good or be it bad , visiting the tube from time to time is just my new normal .
Then , I thought about the question I was asked before being slid in .
Are you ok ?
Yeah , I 'm ok. Just trying to find that sweet spot . Constantly searching for that sweet spot .
After rising sharply over the past several weeks , gas prices rose just a couple of pennies last week and not at all since Friday .
Thinkstock
So , you 're taking a road trip for the Fourth of July weekend , and you 're about to leave the state .
Do you fill up on gas now , or do you wait to fill up after you cross the border ?
Making the wrong decision could cost you more than $ 10 a tank , depending on where you 're heading .
`` Watch out for those state lines , '' says Patrick DeHaan , senior petroleum analyst at fuel-station-finding app GasBuddy .
Gas prices averaged $ 2.86 per gallon Tuesday , according to AAA , hitting a four-year high for Independence Day travel .
Here 's some advice before you head out – all prices according to GasBuddy :
1 . Fill up in Arizona , not California
The price disparity between these two states is extreme .
Arizona averaged $ 3.06 per gallon as of Tuesday , while California averaged $ 3.73 , according to GasBuddy .
At those prices , a 15-gallon fill-up is $ 10.06 more expensive in California .
2 . Fill up in Texas , not New Mexico
If you 're road-tripping in the Southwest , price differences can be significant . This is another good example .
The price of fuel in Texas , where oil refineries are clustered , averaged $ 2.66 on Tuesday . In New Mexico , it was $ 2.91 .
That means you 'd save $ 3.75 in Texas on a 15-gallon tank .
3 . Fill up in Louisiana , not Texas
But Texas is more expensive than Louisiana , which is also a hot spot for refineries .
Prices averaged $ 2.59 in Louisiana on Tuesday , compared with $ 2.66 in Texas .
Generally , though , `` anywhere in the South '' is a good place to fill up , DeHaan said . `` They 're right in oil 's backyard . Plus , low taxes . ''
4 . Fill up in Ohio , not Michigan
Ohio is much more forgiving on the pocketbook than its rival to the north .
With prices averaging $ 2.79 on Tuesday , Ohio was sharply lower than Michigan 's $ 2.96 .
5 . Fill up in Virginia , not West Virginia
Going white-river rafting in West Virginia ? Sounds fun .
But fill up first in Virginia , where prices are 21 cents lower at $ 2.61 .
6 . Fill up in West Virginia , not Pennsylvania
West Virginia does n't look so bad when you see prices in Pennsylvania , which averaged $ 3.01 on Tuesday , compared with West Virginia 's $ 2.82 .
7 . Fill up in Massachusetts , not Connecticut
At $ 2.91 , Massachusetts is n't exactly an oasis of cheap gas .
But it 's still cheaper than neighboring Connecticut at $ 3.08 .
8 . Fill up in South Carolina , not North Carolina
North Carolina is 14 cents higher at $ 2.66 .
Come to think of it , fill up in South Carolina no matter where you 're heading . It 's the cheapest gas state in the country , according to GasBuddy .
Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @ NathanBomey .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
`` The school is so important to me , my family and our community in that the school brings everybody together , '' they said . `` The school is kind of that tie that binds , that makes it a community for everybody . ''
This town knows it can always count on cotton , but oil is much more fickle and a major contributor to the situation the basketball team is in . Just five years ago , property values in the district were more than $ 260 million . Last year , plummeting oil prices put the values at just $ 90 million and left Dawson , like all schools dependent on property taxes , scrambling for ways to remain open .
The uncertainty prompted the majority of Dawson 's 12-person junior class to transfer elsewhere last summer . That exodus combined with two Christmas break transfers left the school with just 18 students . They had seven boys to field their six-man football team this fall , but with a three-person eighth grade class , all girls , there wo n't be enough students to play football next season .
There may not be enough to put separate basketball teams on the court , either .
`` In the bigger schools , it 's next man up , '' said Jeff Fleenor , the principal and superintendent who has two daughters on the basketball team . `` Here there 's not that next man . ''
Dawson basketball teams played separately before the holiday break , but nagging injuries often left the five-girl team with just three healthy players . And after two of the seven members of the boys team returned to South Texas after their migrant-worker parents finished seasonal work , the school 's two coaches and Fleenor decided to meld the group into one team to guarantee a complete season .
The University Interscholastic League , which regulates public high school sports in Texas , approved the consolidation with the condition that the team play a boy 's schedule through the season .
`` The girls were in trouble , the boys were in trouble , '' coach Ed Robison said . `` It was n't that we saved the girls program or the boys , but we were able to help out both programs by combining . At least we have a stable team that will show up and be able to play every night . ''
No one can remember a time when teams were consolidated like this . But several coaches in the area recalled times where small schools had a single girl who mostly rode the bench on the boys team because there was n't a girls team .
The Dragons play in a gym that has just five rows of seats on the home side and three on the visitor 's . It 's the focal point of the one-building school that serves children from kindergarten to 12th grade . A painting of a large purple dragon in midflight dominates one wall and the words to the school song highlight another .
Those words paint a picture of the landscape the school calls home : `` In the midst of dark oil derricks , cotton fields in bloom , stands the best of royal high schools , Dawson here 's to you . ''
The 18-year-old Horton is expected to be the school 's valedictorian this year . She 's thoughtful and polite and exudes an eloquence of someone much older . They averaged almost 20 points for the girl 's team , but has had to adjust their game and become more of a facilitator now that she 's competing against boys .
It 's not an ideal situation for them and the other four girls on the team , but Horton focuses on the positives of the compromise .
`` We 're able to respect the opportunity more and we 're even more thankful for it , '' they said . `` Yeah , it can be kind of a curse in some ways but more than that it 's a blessing that we 've learned to handle adversity that nobody else could even imagine . ''
The girls say most of Dawson 's opponents have been respectful . There have been a few sexist comments , and Robison said he 's heard some of the boys from other teams saying things like : 'Hey , babe , what 's your number ? What 's going on ? ' ''
Horton tries to tune out those things and wishes it was n't an issue .
`` We 're not out here as girl basketball players , we 're just basketball players , '' they said . `` We want to play the game . We 're not asking you to play us differently . ''
The team has n't fared well since the consolidation , but did beat Loop 51-21 in mid-January for its first win as a co-ed squad to earn team of the week honours from a Lubbock television station . Coaches and players take great pride in that recognition . Though they often end up on the wrong end of lopsided games , the Dragons are improving and believe they 're gaining respect around the district .
`` It 's not like a side show , '' said coach Tonja Edens , the former girls coach who teams with Robison to lead the co-ed group . `` We 're out here competing . ''
Grumbles , the Sands coach , shared the message they had for their guys before they faced Dawson .
`` I told my team you 've got to play against them just like they 're boys because we 're playing a boys schedule , '' they said . `` You 're not playing against girls . You 've got to take them seriously . In this situation it does n't matter what gender they are , you have to play like it 's just another high school game . ''
Edens , who played college basketball at a Division III school , said there was some concern about the safety of the girls because of the size and strength of varsity boys . They asked each girl about the risks and all agreed it was worth it to salvage their season .
She 's to adjust their coaching style to accommodate the change .
`` You 're not going to get bigger than them or stronger than them , '' they said . `` So you 're going to have to get smarter . You need to stay on the ground . You need to block them out . ''
Donovan Thornton is the only senior boy on the team , now split evenly with five boys and five girls . The soft-spoken Thornton raves about the leadership Horton has provided and said some of the things he 's heard from opposing teams have ticked them off .
`` It does upset me because we came together just to play basketball , '' they said . `` We want to play basketball and the fact that people want to downgrade us , it 's not right . ''
Other than that , he 's been perfectly happy with this set up because it ensured that Dawson gets to play every game in their last season , which has only a few games left . They believe the group has merged well and said a sign hanging in the middle of the gym that read : `` Peanut Butter & Jelly '' is a representation of that fact .
`` It 's an analogy like the girls and boys go together like peanut butter and jelly go together on a sandwich , '' they said before flashing a big grin and trotting back to practice .
By Kristie Rieken , The Associated Press
BUSINESS
A user tries to unlock their Galaxy S8 through iris scanner . ( Samsung Electronics )
The iris scanner of Samsung 's upcoming flagship smartphone Galaxy S9 will be improved to better recognize users ' eyes , a step that the firm hopes would solidify its lead in biometric verification technology for banking transactions.Iris recognition is biometric identification that uses irises of an individual 's eyes , whose complex patterns are unique , stable , and can be seen from some distance. “ Galaxy S9 's iris scanner will have an improved camera lens and functions to make it better to recognize the eyes of users , ” a source familiar with the matter told The Korea Herald. “ The iris camera lens will be improved to 3 megapixels from 2 megapixels of Galaxy S8 and Galaxy Note 8 to capture clearer images . The scanner will better recognize users ' irises even when they wear eyeglasses , move their eyeballs or are in a too dark or too light environment , ” the source added . The response time will also be shorter from the current one second.Alongside the improvement in hardware , Samsung is developing software to more accurately and safely recognize users ' irises.Samsung is also on target to expand the iris scanner into budget models possibly late next year or early 2019 with the ultimate aim of replacing physical banks with mobile banking , according to the source . Currently , Galaxy S8 and Galaxy Note 8 are the only Samsung smartphones that have iris scanners.A Samsung spokesperson said , “ Iris scanner is the safest biometric authentication ( among iris , fingerprint and face recognition ) and we will continue to improve the system for upcoming smartphones for safer banking transactions , ” without disclosing any detailed specifications of Galaxy S9.Samsung is now accelerating the use of its biometric authentication into banking and financial services.Its mobile payment and digital wallet service , Samsung Pay , is able to be logged in through iris and fingerprint verification . Samsung Pay is a mobile service allowing users to use their phones like cash or credit cards and withdraw or send money from bank accounts.Separately from Samsung Pay , Samsung also partnered with several local banks , including Shinhan , Woori , IBK , NH and Busan , to make their mobile banking transactions on premium Galaxy series through biometric verification. “ Our customers using Galaxy series are able to use all mobile banking services , including money transfer , subscription to new financial products , loans and currency exchange , through fingerprint and iris scanners without typing in their ID and password , ” said a Woori Bank official. “ If security is more guaranteed by smartphone makers like Samsung , we are willing to more actively use the biometric authentication in the future , ” they added.Kim Jong-ki , a researcher specializing in the mobile industry at the Korea Institute for Industrial Economics & Trade , said , the iris scanner is expected to be more widely used for banking transactions globally in the future as it is safer than fingerprint and face recognition although security should be more improved than now.According to Dutch tech media , LetsGoDigital , LG Electronics is highly likely to adopt iris scanner for its upcoming flagship smartphone G7 , citing the firm 's patent drawing submitted to the World Intellectual Property Organization.Concerns still remain among consumers as a series of reports on hacking the biometric system follow every time a new smartphone biometric system is unveiled . In May , Samsung Galaxy S8 's iris scanner was fooled by German hackers with dummy eyes although Samsung immediately retorted that the hack was unrealistic in reality.By Shin Ji-hye ( shinjh @ heraldcorp.com )
BIRMINGHAM , ALA.—Inbee Park 's 12th U.S. Women 's Open already stands out for a gloomy reason : the rain-soaked course at Shoal Creek . The picturesque course in suburban Birmingham had been drenched by nearly five inches of rain this week as of Wednesday afternoon , with the effects of Subtropical Storm Alberto adding onto earlier rains .
Sung Hyun Park won last year 's U.S. Women 's Open at in Bedminster , N.J . This year 's tourney takes place at rain-soaked Shoals Creek in Birmingham , Ala. ( Seth Wenig / The Associated Press )
“ This is probably the wettest conditions I have ever seen in a U.S. Women 's Open , ” said Park , a Korean who won in 2008 and 2013 . “ We just do n't know what 's going to happen . “ Coming into the U.S. Women 's Open , I always try to play the ball with the mud or try to play with like a wet ground condition because we 've never played lift , clean and place . We just play from wherever it is and however the condition is. ” Practice rounds were cancelled Tuesday and the course closed , other than some late-afternoon trips to the driving range . More rain followed overnight and into Wednesday on the eve of the major championship , when the course finally reopened by early afternoon in time for some of the 156 players to get in practice .
Article Continued Below
The field will be cut to the low 60 scorers and ties after two rounds . John Bodenhamer , USGA 's senior managing director , said officials did n't plan to use lift , clean and place for the first time in one of the organization 's championships . “ It remains our intention to play 72 holes and play the ball as it lies , ” Bodenhamer said Wednesday . The LPGA Tour 's Kingsmill Championship two weeks ago was shortened to 54 holes because of rain . The field , which includes 10 past Open champions , arrived in Alabama hoping to avoid a similar fate . Pernilla Lindberg won the year 's first major at the ANA Inspiration , the 11th consecutive women 's major with a different winner .
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season . Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , New Jersey , by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi .
Article Continued Below
Some players , including Inbee Park , Karrie Webb and No . 3-ranked Lexi Thompson , got a full 18 holes on Monday . Thompson said some parts of fairways were “ a little muddy and a little patchy. ” After that experience , they were hoping to play under lift , clean and place rules . “ I think it will be a little unfair if they do n't , but you never know , ” they said . “ I mean if they do n't , everybody has to play it down and it is what it is , but it 's their choice . The rain has not helped that situation , so I guess come Thursday we 'll see , though. ” This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women 's Open . Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S . Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S . Junior . Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990 , when the club drew criticism for not having black members . That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that did n't allow minority members . The Regions Tradition , a PGA Tour Champions major , was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015 . This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions . Webb , who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001 , is playing in their 23rd consecutive Women 's Open . They got a special exemption from the USGA . “ It 'll be the softest U.S. Open course I 've played , ” Webb said . The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park . But distance , of course , is n't the only important factor . “ I think it could set up for anyone that 's just hitting lots of fairways and greens , ” Webb said . Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of cancelled practice rounds . Two-time U.S. Women 's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and their scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in , barring an earlier slot opening . A friend , PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax , gave them a rundown of the course over the phone . Otherwise , Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie “ Solo , ” then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday , enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek . “ I feel more prepared than ever , ” Kang said . “ That 's why I think I 'm so kind of relaxed about it . ”
ISLAMABAD , April 18 ( APP ) : The Ministry of Interior on Tuesday decided that after suspension of landing permits , all foreigners entering Pakistan without valid visas or without completing immigration process , would be proceeded against under law , which could include arrest and prosecution .
The decision was taken during a meeting here , which was chaired by Minister for Interior and Narcotics Control Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan .
Acting Secretary Interior , Advocate General , Inspector General of Police and Chief Commissioner Islamabad Capital Territory ( ICT ) and senior officers of the ministry , Federal Investigation Agency ( FIA ) and Aviation Division attended the meeting .
Taking note of visa irregularities and breach of security protocols by advance teams and accompanying staff of various hunting parties , especially from the Middle East , the minister directed the ministry , FIA and Civil Aviation to put in place an effective system for streamlining and checking any breach of law .
They further directed the ministry to identify all airports and landing strips in the country where delegations arrive for hunting purpose , devise standing operating procedures ( SOPs ) for immigration and customs clearance at places lacking these facilities and also evolve a robust mechanism of information sharing among Immigration Department , Interior Ministry and Aviation Division .
The minister directed that the process be completed within one week time .
Chaudhry Nisar said FIA and Civil Aviation should ensure that no plane is allowed to land in the country without prior clearance of the Interior Ministry .
They directed the Aviation Division and FIA to also ensure that landing permission be only granted after ascertaining number of people on-board , their nationality and nature of their visas .
The minister reiterated their call that nobody should be allowed to enter Pakistan without completing immigration procedures .
They also reviewed progress on their earlier directives regarding traffic management in the twin cities .
The meeting also decided that e-ticketing would be started in the Federal Capital within next two weeks to streamline system of penalties for traffic rules violations and to save citizens from hassles of long queues outside designated banks for depositing challan fee .
Expressing their dis-satisfaction over traffic management system , the minister observed that scientific methods should be adopted for traffic regulation and management , reiterating that Safe City cameras should be utilized for optimum resource management and smooth traffic flow .
They directed the IGP Islamabad to review traffic arrangements and focus on better traffic discipline and management rather than harassing people over fancy registration plates .
The minister said emphasis should be put on traffic discipline , action against tinted glasses , and forged , unregistered or fake registration plates .
' I Wrote This Book Because I Love You ' NPR 's Scott Simon talks to writer and cartoonist Tim Kreider about their new book of nonfiction essays about women they have known called I Wrote This Book Because I Love You .
If you 're anything like me , your dependence on Amazon Prime 's super speedy delivery service is an inescapable reality — and it 's one that I shamelessly revel in on an ongoing basis . Whether I need dog food , vitamins , gifts for my niece and nephew , or a Margaret Atwood paperback , my love for all things Amazon Prime is real and abiding . But now there 's a new way to get your Amazon packages delivered to you — and it involves your car . Amazon just announced an additional feature called Amazon Key In-Car , an extension of their new service that allows in-home delivery at the touch of a button , or in this case , an app . You now have the option to receive your deliveries inside your car .
According to a recent press release , all it takes to opt in to the new service is a compatible vehicle . Amazon Prime members with a Volvo , Chevrolet , Cadillac , GMC , or Buick can select the in-car delivery feature , and it 's available at no extra cost when you have an existing Prime membership . All you have to do is download the Amazon Key app , link to your connected car parked at home , work , or other locations in your address book , and start ordering — no additional features or hardware are necessary .
According to The Verge , Amazon has been beta testing the new in-car service in Washington and California for the past six months , and consumer responses have been positive . In a video released by Amazon , one mother mentioned how the service provides an easy , quiet way for them to receive deliveries ; no doorbells waking up the kids during naptime , or startling their dogs ( ya feel me , dachshund parents ? ) . Another mom mentioned how the service is a great way to prevent package theft , and have birthday gifts for their daughter delivered , since there 's no delivery person showing up to tip-off the birthday girl .
amazon on YouTube
The New York Times reported that the new service is geared towards anyone who wants to avoid package theft at home or in the company mailroom , or who ca n't get packages delivered at work . The Times also notes that this is n't the first of Amazon 's efforts to help customers avoid delivery theft ; Prime members already have access to conveniently located security lockers for easy order pick-up , and the advent of in-house delivery with Amazon Key last year means no packages left in the hallway , or on the doorstep , for those who opt in .
Amazon 's press release further states that the new in-car drop-off service is available to Prime members at no additional charge , and is available today in 37 cities and surrounding areas — with more cities are rolling out over time . “ Delivery is available on tens of millions of items sold on Amazon.com and works with Same-Day , Two-Day , and Standard shipping , ” the press release states .
Amazon also addresses security concerns and questions that might arise with the new feature . “ Amazon uses multiple layers of of verification to ensure the security of in-car deliveries . Each time a delivery driver requests access to a customer 's vehicle , Amazon verifies that an authorized driver is at the right location with the right package , through an encrypted authentication process . Once this process is successfully completed , the car is then unlocked . Customers receive a notification via the Amazon Key app after the delivery is completed and the vehicle is relocked . No special codes or keys are ever provided to delivery drivers . For added peace of mind , in-car delivery is backed by Amazon 's Happiness Guarantee . ”
Only time can tell how many people will opt in to using the service , but there is a catch : in order for the new delivery feature to work , Prime members must have a 2015 or later model of a Chevrolet , GMC , Cadillac , or Buick with an active account with General Motors ' roadside assistance service , OnStar , the New York Times reports . 2015 or newer Volvo owners with the similar roadside service , On Call , can also opt in . For those without a compatible car who want to jump on the in-car delivery bandwagon , some patience is required ; the service will be expanded to other vehicle brands over time , but for now , only a handful are eligible .
Broncos defensive lineman Kyle Peko suffered a broken right foot in practice on Tuesday , according to KUSA-TV 's Mike Klis . Peko will have surgery Wednesday and should be back in time for most training camp .
Peko was one of the top candidates to serve as Denver 's backup nose tackle this season , according to Klis . The injury hurts their chances , but getting back in time for camp will give them a shot to win the job .
Peko ( 6-1 , 305 pounds ) is a second-year defender that joined the team as an undrafted rookie out of Oregon State in 2016 . After starting their rookie season on Denver 's practice squad , Peko played in the team 's season finale , recording two tackles .
Kyle is the younger cousin of Domata Peko , a 12th-year veteran who signed a two-year , $ 7.5 million contract with Denver earlier this offseason . If the younger Peko is able to recover from their foot injury and make the 53-man roster , they could serve as their cousin 's backup this season .
Yerevan /Mediamax/ . Armenian Defense Minister Davit Tonoyan has received today Armen Orujyan , CEO of Foundation of Armenian Science and Technology ( FAST ) .
According to the Defense Ministry , Armen Orujyan presented the mission , main areas of focus and programs of the foundation .
The parties also discussed vectors of cooperation between the ministry and the foundation , introduction of innovative technologies in the armed forces and new educational programs for the soldiers .
PanARMENIAN.Net - Ruben Malayan , a lean , goateed artist , is teaching kids and visitors at the Smithsonian Folklife Festival in Washington , D.C. , to write the letter `` A '' in Armenian calligraphy , the National Public Radio says .
On a sheet of computer paper , they ink a shape that looks like an old English `` W , '' using a pen with a flat metal nib . Their strokes — black line after black line , in perfect symmetrical succession — are hypnotic .
`` It 's like a rhythm , like you 're playing the piano , '' Malayan says as they draw . `` Long notes , long lines , short notes , short lines . '' The students watch them for a beat , then practice scratching out their own lines . Over the past two weeks , he 's been teaching workshops and talking about Armenian calligraphy under a little white tent at the festival .
Back home in Armenia , Malayan , 47 , is a painter , a graphic artist and the creator of the iconic protest posters that became a symbol of their country 's revolution in April .
Using a mix of traditional calligraphy and bold block script , Malayan hand-painted signs that said `` defend the revolution '' and `` be brave '' — then gave them away to people in the streets . Protesters used these fierce slogans to pressure Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan to step down . And a few weeks later , they did . '
A report from Al Jazeera in May called Malayan 's placards the `` pop art of the revolution . ''
Malayan , also a professor of visual communication at the American University of Armenia , is the author of The Art of Armenian Calligraphy . He 's trying to revive the art of calligraphy in their country .
Look out for real estate data in this space for cities such as Delhi and NCR , Mumbai and suburbs , Bengaluru , Mysore , Chennai , Kolkata , Pune , Ahmedabad , Hyderabad , Jaipur and Chandigarh , and others . The price range is Rs20 lakh to above Rs75 lakh . This week we take a look at some properties in Mumbai .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
With Deion Branch holding out and David Givens gone to free agcency the heart of the New England Patriots wide receiver corps is largley unrecognizable at the morning session of the team 's summer camp in Foxborough , Mass. , Monday morning July 31 , 2006 . They are , left to right , Rich Musinski ( 5 ) , Erik Davis ( 19 ) , Matt Shelton ( 18 ) , John Stone ( 14 ) and Reche Caldwell ( 87 ) . The Patriots ' first pre-season game is Friday , Aug. 11 , 2006 in Atlanta against the Falcons . ( AP Photo/Stephan Savoia ) ASSOCIATED PRESS FILE Former receiver Rich Musinski , left , played four preseason games with the Patriots in 2006 and caught a touchdown .
For two consecutive summers in 2005 and 2006 , Rich Musinski walked into training camp with the New England Patriots knowing the odds were stacked against him .
The first trip in 2005 lasted about 10 days when the Patriots had numerous wide receivers competing for spots .
In 2006 , Musinski , now the offensive coordinator at Wyoming Area , lasted four preseason games , but the Patriots decided to head in another direction .
Regardless of the outcome , Musinski had an opportunity to see the Patriot Way , which has led New England to another berth in the Super Bowl , this time against the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday .
“ The first time I was n't there very long , ” Musinski said . “ That was the year Richard Seymour was holding out for their contract and a couple of the defensive linemen got hurt in the first couple of days of camp . I was the last guy they brought in , and there were maybe 12 receivers there . When you do the numbers thing , I was out . ”
But it did n't mean the end for a chance at hooking on with the Patriots . Before Musinski checked out of Foxborough , Patriots vice president of personnel at the time , Scott Pioli , sat down with Musinski and told the two were n't done with one another .
“ He told me this is n't the end with me , ” Musinski said . “ I really did n't hear anything from them the whole 2005 season . Then after the season was over they allocated me to Europe . They resigned me in the offseason and sent me to Europe as an allocated player through New England . I played for the Berlin Thunder , and when the season was over I came back and went back to New England for all the offseason workouts . I was up there the whole summer doing all the workouts . ”
The following camp , Musinski played in three out of the four preseason games . They caught a touchdown pass from Matt Cassel against the Cardinals , but once again a numbers crunch worked against them and they were let go .
Musinski 's time with the Patriots coincided with the arrival of Josh McDaniels as the offensive coordinator .
Matt Patricia , the team 's current defensive coordinator , was the defensive line coach , and Brian Daboll was the team 's wide receivers coach .
“ When they had their offensive meetings I was in the room and would listen to McDaniels do their whole game plan , ” Musinski said . “ I had a ton of interaction with the players and I saw Daboll pretty much every minute of every day because they were my position coach . ”
Musinski did have interaction with Tom Brady one day after practice . Musinski was the only one in the cold tub , and recalled Brady walking in . They said Brady called them by name and asked if they were picking up the offense .
“ I was like the 13th wideout in camp and here comes Tom Brady , ” Musinski said . “ He calls me by name . That just showed they are a regular guy just like everybody else . On the field , they are such a competitor and perfectionist . It is insane . ”
Musinski said they saw how competitive Brady can be .
“ Brady runs the meeting , ” Musinski said . “ When we were going through seven-on-sevens , McDaniels was running it . McDaniels calls the plays , but Brady knows everything . It is just crazy . ”
Though they did n't have any personal interaction with coach Bill Belichick , Musinski saw a side of Belichick few people get to see — the Belichick behind closed doors evaluating film .
“ It 's funny . Belichick is almost like a totally different person in closed meetings than they are on camera , ” Musinski said . “ His interviews on camera I think are hilarious . When you get them behind closed doors for a team meeting and they are reviewing practice , it 's a whole different side .
“ He 's a guy that strives for perfection . When they see that you messed up they will lay into you and let you know . And it is not like they choose their words . Get them in a meeting and they let you have it . ”
Contact the writer :
sbennett @ citizensvoice.com ;
570-821-2062 ;
@ CVSteveBennett on Twitter
Participants in the federal Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) will soon have a new , convenient way to shop and pay for their groceries . At The NGA Show , happening now in Las Vegas , Rosie announced that independent grocers using its e-commerce app can now offer customers the ability to shop online and pay for SNAP-eligible items at-store using their EBT benefits .
With funding from CenterState CEO 's Grants for Growth Program , Rosie is the only e-commerce software company to offer EBT/SNAP in-store payment capability to independent grocers . Soon , through its participation in the USDA SNAP Online Purchasing Pilot , Rosie will enable retailers to offer online SNAP payment capability to their shoppers .
CenterState CEO is a Central New York organization that says it is committed to regional prosperity through business growth and success . CenterState CEO runs the Grants for Growth program , made possible with support from New York State Sen. John DeFrancisco , that provides funding to support innovative business concepts . The program provided $ 100,000 to Rosie for the development of new technology , operational procedures and systems to manage food security , access and nutrition issues on a national scale for the EBT/SNAP program .
“ We are excited to see the impact of Grants for Growth on startups like Rosie , which has utilized the program to grow as a company by developing new platforms , ” said Rick Clonan , VP of innovation at CenterState CEO . “ The option to use EBT/SNAP benefits to pay for online grocery orders will benefit the consumer and also opens up new growth opportunities for Rosie ; they are now a strong resource for the USDA as it rolls out the SNAP Online Purchasing Pilot . ”
In January , Rosie 's retail partner , Dash 's Market , was selected to take part in the federal pilot program to enable SNAP participants to purchase their groceries online . Participating in the pilot will enable Rosie to accept online payment for SNAP/EBT , allowing the company to extend its existing functionality to enable home delivery , with the goal of helping Dash 's launch SNAP delivery services in late August , in accordance with USDA timelines . Amazon , FreshDirect , Safeway , ShopRite , and Hy-Vee also were chosen to participate in the pilot program with Dash 's Market .
“ EBT/SNAP customers are often strapped financially and for time and may be working multiple jobs and taking care of children or elderly parents , ” said Natasha Thompson , executive director , Food Bank of the Southern Tier . “ Rosie will help these customers save time and stick to a budget because the app displays a running total as they buy their essential items . We 're grateful to Rosie and CenterState CEO for making this new service available to many of the millions of Americans who receive EBT/SNAP benefits . ”
Vowell 's Marketplace , a Mississippi-based supermarket chain with 21 locations , recently decided to use Rosie to develop its e-commerce program . While Vowell 's has not yet launched its e-commerce service , Todd Vowell , president of Vowell 's Marketplace , said that Rosie 's SNAP capabilities was the main reason they decided to partner with the online grocery shopping app .
“ We looked at all options for e-commerce , ” said Vowell . “ Rosie was the only company to offer this SNAP payment capability . We 're launching our online shopping service with curbside pickup , and we believe that will pair well with this payment functionality . ”
Shoppers around the country utilize the Rosie app each month to process and pay for their online grocery orders . With the EBT/SNAP capability , a segment of the population that has been underserved by online grocery shopping will now be able to take advantage of the service , according to Rosie .
“ Rosie was founded on the premise of making the everyday act of buying groceries as easy as possible for every shopper , and this new service is designed with the particular concerns of EBT/SNAP users in mind , ” said Rosie CEO Nick Nickitas . “ This program enables our retail partners to compete with national chains and big-box stores by offering expanded access to healthy food and a convenient way for shoppers to place , pay for and receive their orders . ”
LIVE COVERAGE OF TONIGHT 'S WWE SMACKDOWN Share this article : 0 votes Tonight 's WWE SmackDown opens with a video package looking back at Sunday 's Elimination Chamber pay-per-view .
We 're live from Anaheim , California with Mauro Ranallo , JBL , David Otunga and Tom Phillips .
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles logo Enlarge Photo
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles CEO Sergio Marchionne has been fishing for a potential merger partner or buyer for the past couple of years .
Their goal is to find someone willing to share the burden of steep capital costs the auto industry demands . Now it seems that one party has finally bitten .
Automotive News ( subscription required ) has learned from a source that a major Chinese automaker made a bid for all or part of FCA , though the offer was deemed too low . The identity of the automaker is unknown but rumors point to either Dongfeng , Geely , Great Wall or Guangzhou Automobile Group ( GAC ) .
Other sources revealed that several Chinese automakers have been conducting due diligence on a potential purchase of FCA , and that FCA executives met with at least one Chinese automaker , in this case Great Wall . Chinese delegations were also seen recently at FCA 's headquarters in Auburn Hills , Michigan .
This is n't the first time FCA has been linked with a Chinese automaker regarding a merger or buyout . In May 2016 , it was reported that GAC was interested in a stake in FCA , though GAC later denied the report .
Sergio Marchionne Enlarge Photo
Marchionne has also in recent years approached Ford , General Motors , Toyota and the Volkswagen Group about a potential merger , but has been rebuffed on every occasion . However , VW Group CEO Matthias Müller in March said they would be open to talking with Marchionne once more .
According to Automotive News , one of the main drivers of Chinese interest in FCA is government pressure to expand outside of China by acquiring foreign companies . Geely , which successfully turned around Volvo over the past decade , earlier this year bought major stakes in Lotus and Proton . Tire manufacturer Pirelli was also sold to a Chinese chemical company in 2015 .
Acquiring FCA would provide a Chinese automaker with immediate access to the United States market as well as some well-known and highly profitable brands , namely Jeep and Ram . It 's not certain if all FCA brands would be included in any potential sale , however . One of Automotive News ' sources claimed Italian brands Alfa Romeo and Maserati would be spun off , just like Ferrari was in 2015 .
FCA 's controlling shareholder is investment firm Exor which in turn is controlled by Italy 's Agnelli family .
Stay tuned for an update .
RANCHO PALOS VERDES , Calif. — Internet usage worldwide is growing slightly , at 7 % , vs. 12 % the year before , while smartphone sales have hit a wall .
Those are the headlines from Mary Meeker 's annual Internet trends survey , which was revealed at the Code conference here Wednesday morning . Meeker is an executive with venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers .
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
There are 3.6 billion users of the global internet , Meeker said . `` Growth is harder to find after hitting 50 % penetration , '' of the world 's population , they said .
Looking at big trends , voice computing has evolved to record usage , after years of so-so quality . Now , Google has a 95 % accuracy rate for `` learning word accuracy , '' from just under 80 % in 2013 . The Amazon Echo smart speaker is now in over 30 million homes , they added .
E-commerce usage rose 16 % in 2017 , vs. 14 % the previous year , now representing 13 % of total retail sales .
Meeker says that when researching product purchases , 49 % of shoppers begin with searches on Amazon.com , followed with 36 % on search engines . Additionally , social media referrals to e-commerce purchases rose 6 % .
Netflix represents the largest subscription service , with 117 million subscribers , compared to 100 million for Amazon Prime and 75 million for the Spotify music service .
Ride-hailing service Uber has 31 million drivers making an average hourly rate of $ 21 . Airbnb has 600,000 hosts , who make an average of $ 6,100 .
Unemployment is currently at 3.9 % , a historic low . The 70-year-average is 5.8 % and job openings hit a 17-tear-high at 7 million , with most of the openings in professional services and finance .
Follow USA TODAY 's Jefferson Graham @ jeffersongraham ) on Twitter , Instagram and YouTube .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Voyage , the self-driving car spin-out from Udacity , is open-sourcing its approach to autonomous driving safety . This comes at a time when autonomous driving programs are under intense scrutiny following two fatal crashes — one involving Tesla 's Autopilot and the other involving one of Uber 's self-driving cars in Tempe , Arizona . Meanwhile , Voyage has successfully deployed five Level 4 self-driving vehicles in retirement communities in California and Florida .
Dubbed Open Autonomous Safety , the initiative aims to help autonomous driving startups implement better safety-testing practices . Companies looking to access the documents , safety procedures and test code can do so via a GitHub repository .
“ Each and every autonomous vehicle startup today has to define their own safety programs , and we think that is dangerous , ” Voyage CEO Oliver Cameron tweeted earlier today .
Version one includes scenario testing , functional safety , autonomy assessment and a testing toolkit . Later this year , OAS will release driver training material , additional scenarios and fault injection code and tests .
Here 's a quick breakdown of what the above currently entails :
Scenario testing : Looks at fundamental questions , like how self-driving cars behave around pedestrians and when cars back out of driveways .
Functional safety : Helps to ensure safety without a driver present .
Autonomy assessment : Validates whether or not car is moving in the right direction “ and how we know that we are solving the right problems , ” Cameron wrote in a blog post .
Testing toolkit : A library of traffic , roadway and vehicle assets .
“ When it comes to safety , we believe open is better . At Voyage , we welcome contributions to improve OAS , like any other open source project , ” Cameron wrote in a blog post . “ The purpose of this effort is to promote an elevated standard of safety in the autonomous vehicle industry , increasing public trust through transparency . ”
We are still waiting for the release of the FISA Abuse Memo produced by the House Intelligence Committee and scheduled to be declassified and released by the president as I write this . But that has not stopped the Democrats from pulling out all the stops to try to keep the FISA abuses a secret . And it seems like the ones with the most to lose are screaming the loudest .
And by now , we are all familiar with the Democrats attacks . But one thing we can count on is that the Democrats will continue to make the claim that everything in the Memo is false . That it is partisan spin .
Have you ever notices how guilty people often accuse their accusers of the same infraction they are accused of committing ? And yes , Republicans spin things too .
But not in this case .
Everything hinges on the Memo being absolutely legitimate . A Memo full of fake accusations would actually be detrimental to the Republicans and help the Democrats immensely . And the 2018 elections would no doubt tip to Democrats if the Republicans produce a false document , ironically alleging that Democrats used a false document in FISA Court . Unlike the “ Dirty Dossier ” this Memo will be fully and completely vetted before one person is fired , before a Special Counsel is even contemplated . Any momentum the Republicans might hope to gain would be short lived when the Memo is compared to the documentation from which it was written . It can easily be proven by looking at the classified data . And if false and “ fabricated ” as the Democrats insist , the devastation for the Republicans will be great .
So why would Devin Nunes create a false Memo that twists the truth ?
Well , they would n't . Their Party would n't allow such a Memo to be released . All of the “ perps ” would be cleared as the Trump DOJ would have to admit that the underlying documents did not support the Memo 's conclusion . No special Counsel would come from it if the documents did n't support what the Memo says .
And if that were the case , Democrats would n't be making that claim now . They would be pressing for the Memo to be released and the underlying documents be compared to the Memo . Which if this Memo were false , would be a huge boost for the Democrats .
But they do n't want it released , do they ?
There is no better indication that this document is not only true and accurate , but that it will be devastating for the Democrats .
About Tom White Tom is a US Navy Veteran , owns an Insurance Agency and is currently an IT Manager for a Virginia Distributor . They have been published in American Thinker , currently writes for the Richmond Examiner as well as Virginia Right ! Blog.Tom lives in Hanover County , Va and is involved in politics at every level and is a Recovering Republican who has finally had enough of the War on Conservatives in progress with the Leadership of the GOP on a National Level .
Share this : Facebook
Google
Twitter
LinkedIn
Print
Pinterest
Tumblr
More
Reddit
BOSTON -- Judge Thomas Estes is guilty of `` egregious and willful misconduct '' that has `` seriously damaged the public 's trust and administration of justice in Massachusetts , '' Howard Neff , an attorney representing Massachusetts ' Commission on Judicial Conduct , told the Supreme Judicial Court Tuesday .
`` I suggest they can never command the moral authority and respect necessary to be a judge in Massachusetts , '' Neff said .
The SJC heard arguments Tuesday on how Estes should be sanctioned for having an extramarital affair with a clinician in a drug court they oversaw . The affair included courthouse sexual encounters .
The state Commission on Judicial Conduct , which investigates complaints about judges , recommended that Estes be suspended without pay indefinitely while state lawmakers decide whether to remove them from the bench . Estes ' attorney , David Hoose , asked that they be given a four-month suspension .
`` There have been many sinners in the workplace generally , '' Hoose said in court . `` He is not the first person to have a sexual relationship with a coworker , he 's not first judge , male or female , to have a sexual relationship with a coworker ... Many people got nothing more than censure and were allowed to remain on the court . ''
The state Commission of Judicial Conduct found that Estes , who lives in Northampton , had an extramarital affair with Tammy Cagle , a clinician in the drug court program at Pittsfield District Court , from November 2016 to July 2017 . They had sexual encounters in Estes ' lobby at Eastern Hampshire District Court in Belchertown . Estes used their state email address to send personal emails to Cagle .
Cagle filed a sexual harassment complaint against Estes with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination , but withdrew the complaint in favor of filing a federal lawsuit . That lawsuit is pending in U.S. District Court in Springfield . The Commission on Judicial Conduct did not make a finding on whether there was sexual harassment .
Estes was nominated as a judge by former Gov . Deval Patrick in 2014 . They were reassigned to administrative duties last July .
In court , Neff argued that Estes knew their conduct was wrong , but continued it anyway , and brought discredit to the administration of justice in Massachusetts .
The commission did not find evidence of favoritism to Cagle or evidence that their relationship biased Estes ' judicial decisions . But Neff said judicial decision-making is nuanced .
`` Who can say whether they have subtle impact on their decision-making one way or another ? '' Neff said . Given their sexual relationship , Neff said a reasonable person could infer that every decision about the Pittsfield Drug Court `` could have been influenced by Ms. Cagle because of their ongoing undisclosed sexual relationship . ''
Neff argued that because Massachusetts judges are appointed for life and not subject to election , the SJC should be stricter in its discipline than if there were another way for a judge to be removed from office .
Hoose responded that Estes ' relationship with Cagle did not affect their work . Hoose cited witnesses who said all the decisions made in the drug court were made by consensus , and there is no evidence Estes favored Cagle in court .
Justice Scott Kafker questioned Hoose on whether Estes can continue to work now that the allegations are public . `` Now we have an appearance issue and an abuse of power issue that , even if it did n't directly impact the individual decisions , places the integrity of the process itself at issue , '' Kafker said .
Kafker said as the highest officers in the court , judges are `` held to the highest standards . ''
`` Whenever the person in charge of an organization is having a sexual relationship with someone who reports to them , that creates all kinds of problems , '' Kafker said .
Hoose said Estes does not deny that they acted improperly . `` There is no question here that Judge Estes has engaged in conduct that is worthy of sanction , '' Hoose said . `` The question is whether it 's sufficient to terminate their career . I most vigorously suggest that it is not . ''
Hoose said the court has only suspended a judge and referred the matter to the governor and Legislature three times , and both involved more serious infractions connected to their work on the bench .
Hoose said judicial evaluations show that Estes was a good judge . `` He 's a superlative judge and an exemplary judge who has sinned , but not sinned so severely as it should cost them their career , '' Hoose said .
After court , Hoose described Estes ' conduct as `` a mistake thousands of people make , '' which they described as `` engaging in a consensual relationship with a willing adult woman who was a coworker . ''
Both Estes and Cagle attended the hearing but declined to comment .
Cagle 's attorney , Leonard Kesten , said Cagle wants Estes to be removed from the bench . `` This is a story of a powerful man taking advantage of an employee , '' Kesten said after the court hearing .
Kesten compared Estes to movie mogul Harvey Weinsten , who was accused of sexually harassing and assaulting multiple women .
Kesten said the relationship was not consensual because of the power differential between Estes and Cagle .
`` People like that have taken advantage of their positions with women forever , and that is exactly what happened here , '' Kesten said . `` You have powerful men who are approaching women with much less power offering to help them and obtaining sexual favors and later on saying it was consensual . ''
Hoose called the allegations of sexual harassment `` completely baseless . ''
The SJC can impose sanctions on Estes including a temporary suspension or reassignment .
If the SJC refers the matter to the Legislature , there are two ways for lawmakers to remove a judge . The House could pass a bill containing articles of impeachment , then the Senate would hold a trial . Alternatively , the House and Senate may both issue a `` bill of address , '' which must be agreed on by the governor and confirmed by the Governor 's Council .
Gov . Charlie Baker supports Estes ' removal .
The last time a judge was removed from office by the Legislature was in 1973 , according to the Associated Press .
ISLAMABAD , Dec 11 ( APP ) : SAARC President Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( SCCI ) Suraj Vaidya Monday underscored that Pakistan 's support for enhancement of trade , investment and business amongst the member countries of the SAARC region .
Talking to media persons here today prior to their departure for Nepal on the last leg of week-long visit to Pakistan , they also appreciated the positive approach that Pakistan has been following to strengthen regional cooperation under the SAARC process .
They said that it was firm commitment of SAARC Chamber to continue all out efforts for further strengthening the role of SAARC in the region , says a press release issued here .
They said accompanied by VP SAARC Pak chapter Iftikhar Ali Malik , they held fruitful and result-oriented meeting with Federal Minister for Commerce and Textile Muhammad Pervaiz Malik , who assured of enhancing regional trade , Pakistan is playing proactive role in activating two most important regional organizations South Asian Association ( SAARC ) and Economic Cooperation Organization ( ECO ) .
They further said the minster told them that Pakistan is in process of consulting its stakeholders for preparing a separate shorter sensitive list for the least developed countries of SAARC .
They said that another meeting with Sartaj Aziz , Deputy Chairman Planning Commission of Pakistan who was also kind enough to share their life-long expertise in the field of planning of new development projects in the region . They said SAARC chamber will take full benefits of the experiences of Planning Commission to launch new industrial joint ventures and development-oriented projects .
Suraj said that South Asia is mired in several crisis and conflicts at the moment due to various unresolved political and geographical factors and all these issues would be resolved effectively through strong regional connectivity and business to business contacts.He said law and order situation has been improved in Pakistan which is attracting foreign investment helpful enhancing trade activities in Pakistan that will lead regional trade cooperation among the member countries of South Asia .
Appreciating the role of CPEC , they said South Asia could drive the benefits from China Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC ) as it is an energy deficient region which can use Central Asia 's huge gas and oil resources to help address its energy deficits .
Surej Vaidya further said the economic corridor will connect China to the world and will have a significant impact on the China , Pakistan and regional economies as its role in bringing prosperity to the region can not be ignored . “ Social economic development is critical to convert challenges into opportunities in South Asia , ” adding that the South Asia needs to connect with CPEC to derive benefits of the project which is spanned largely yielding investment and economic opportunities for South Asian nations which have potential and interest to gain from CPEC .
VP SAARC Chamber Iftikhar Ali Malik who was also present on the occasion in replay to a question , emphasized the need for expediting the process of trade liberalization in South Asian region . They said that cooperation in member states will help in promotion of trade and improving quality of life of our people who accounted for 1/5th of the world 's population . They emphasized that intra regional trade is far below its potential .
Pakistan is looking at widening the ambit “ so that we make these opportunities in our region a reality and improve the level of prosperity and economic development in this region ” , they said .
There are other areas too that the SAARC countries should work on , such as formulating standards and working with different departments and states to improve ecosystem to boost services trade .
Malik urged the governments of SAARC member countries to adopt policies helpful to push export sector in regional trade agreements , while looking at issues of competitiveness across sectors in the form of reforms and liberalisation and focusing on the trade policy .
Stuart Broad needs five Test wickets to overhaul the great Ian Botham on England 's all-time list . ( AAP )
Stuart Broad is five wickets short of overhauling Ian Botham and moving into second behind James Anderson on England 's all-time list .
Stuart Broad needs five Test wickets to pass the man whose feats steeled them to deliver in the Ashes cauldron - Ian Botham .
Broad has the milestone in their sights as England prepare to face West Indies in a three-Test series , beginning on Thursday in Edgbaston .
The 31-year-old is four wickets short of Botham ( 383 ) on England 's all-time list , with Broad 's teammate James Anderson leading on 487 scalps .
The series against a raw Windies side looks the perfect opportunity for Broad to overtake `` Beefy '' , arguably the country 's most celebrated modern-day cricketer , and match the feat their pace partner Anderson managed in 2015 against the same opposition .
It would also have England 's current attack occupying the top two spots on the list , and although Anderson is four years older than Broad there are hopefully plenty more wickets to collect .
Anderson is 13 wickets shy of 500 , while Broad has 379 .
`` I remember when Jimmy overtook Beefy in Antigua and seeing how much that meant to him , '' Broad said .
`` He 's the biggest player England cricket has ever had , and actually having got to know them over the past few years he 's a top guy as well .
`` You realise how much they want England to do well . You can see they are desperate for us to improve and be competitive - and anyone who has done what they have done against Australia I 've got a lot of respect for .
`` Beefy 's probably an inspiration to me on how to take on Australia . They have been a big influence , not just on bowling but also their mentality on English cricket and on the importance of the Ashes .
`` Jimmy 's a great friend of mine . I 've been lucky to have bowled at the other end and if it was n't for them I would n't have as many wickets . ''
MOST TEST WICKETS FOR ENGLAND
James Anderson 487
Ian Botham 383
Stuart Broad 379
Nathon Lyon opposes ICC 's stump mic broadcast
Rupin Kale FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER News 158 // 04 Jul 2018 , 21:17 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The off-break bowler believes what 's on the field should stay on the field
What 's the story ?
Australian off-spinner , Nathan Lyon , recently opposed ICC 's decision to broadcast stump mics at all times and its decision to penalize verbal obscenities used during an international game .
In the latest edition of The Unplayable Podcast ( h/t cricket.com.au ) , Lyon said , `` I think what 's on the field needs to stay on the field . There are a few expletives flying around when people do n't execute their skills . It 's very , very rare that people are sharing expletives with the opposition or an umpire or an official . That 's where I 'm not the biggest fan of the stump mics going up because we 're a lot of role models .
`` I 'm not saying swearing is OK , but when you 're competing at the highest level and under extreme amounts of pressure , sometimes you miss your skill and therefore an expletive may come out , '' they added .
In case you did n't know ..
After the conclusion of ICC 's five-day Annual Conference in Dublin , the cricketing body made tweaked its Code of Conduct policy by adding four different offences to it , while also increased the punitive actions for Level 3 offences , one of which includes ball-tampering .
Audible obscenity , along with personal abuse , disobedience towards the umpire , and attempting to gain a cheating advantage were the new offences added to the ICC Code of Conduct . Along with this , the cricketing body changed its stump microphone policy , allowing the audio to be played even when the ball is dead .
The details
While Lyon agrees with the increased penalty for ball tampering , the Australian international is against the expansion of stump microphone .
However , the 30-year-old also touched on the other side of the debate , saying that as role models for kids , international cricketers like themselves must be careful of what they say/do on the cricket pitch at all times .
What 's next
Using swear words and expletives in the heat of the moment is an extremely common occurrence on the cricket field . It will be interesting to see how the players adjust to these changes made by the international cricket governing body .
The debate around the stump mic is likely to gather winds in the next few weeks as well .
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker , however Playback journalism takes time and funding ...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you .
Please , whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser .
Donald E. Whaley
Donald E. Whaley 88 , of Mt . Pleasant passed away on Saturday , February 11 , 2017 , at the Henry County Health Center in Mt . Pleasant .
Funeral services will be held on Saturday , February 18 , 2017 , at 10:00 a.m. at the Oakland Mills Community Church with Pastor Rick Moorman officiating . Burial will follow in the Oakland Mills Cemetery . Friends may call after 1 p.m. on Friday at the Murphy Funeral Home in Mt . Pleasant where the family will receive friends from 5 to 7 that evening . Memorials may be directed to the Oakland Mills Community Church or to the Oakland Mills Cemetery in their memory .
Online condolences may be sent to the family at www.murphyfuneralandmonuments.com
Murphy Funeral Home of Mt . Pleasant is handling the arrangements .
Golf fans will no longer be able to call in or email possible rules violations they witness while watching broadcasts of tournaments on television .
The golf governing bodies announced Monday that beginning Jan. 1 , such information will not be considered in administering the rules of golf , according to a joint announcement made by the United States Golf Association and R & A .
Lexi Thompson received two 2-stroke penalties after improperly marking their ball at the ANA Inspiration tournament . Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
The PGA Tour , LPGA Tour , European PGA Tour , Ladies European Tour and the PGA of America are on board with the decision . As part of the new rule , all have agreed to assign one or more officials to monitor the video broadcast of a competition to help identify rules issues .
In addition , the USGA and R & A have approved the adoption of a local rule , also starting Jan. 1 , that eliminates the additional 2-stroke penalty for failing to include a penalty on the scorecard when the player was unaware of the infraction . That penalty will permanently be removed when a modernization of the Rules of Golf takes place on Jan. 1 , 2019 .
The viewer call-in issue has been a hot topic in the game for years . The governing bodies have always maintained that information gathered from anywhere to properly administer the rules -- there are not typically rules officials with every group -- was fair game .
There have been numerous examples , with a prominent one involving Lexi Thompson at the LPGA 's ANA Inspiration tournament in April , when it was discovered they had failed to properly mark their ball on a green .
A viewer emailed rules officials about the possible infraction , which occurred during the third round but was not verified until the final round . Thompson was penalized 2 strokes for the infraction and two more for signing an incorrect scorecard . They went on to lose the tournament in a playoff .
Anthony Rizzo smacks a liner to right field where Bryce Harper lays out but can only trap the ball , allowing Kris Bryant to score the Cubs ' second run . ( 0:32 )
WASHINGTON -- Kyle Hendricks is becoming an October/November hero for the Chicago Cubs . The right-hander shut down the high-powered Washington Nationals for seven innings in the first Game 1 start of their postseason career , leading the Cubs to a 3-0 win and 1-0 series lead .
Hendricks had to be on their game as Nationals star Stephen Strasburg was even better -- at least through the first five innings . A sixth-inning error by third baseman Anthony Rendon opened the door for the Cubs to score two runs on their first two hits of the night . Strasburg struck out 10 before leaving -- but Hendricks would outshine the NL pitcher of the month for September .
Kyle Hendricks pitched seven innings of two-hit , shutout baseball in Game 1 against the Washington Nationals . Getty Images
Hendricks , the 2016 MLB ERA leader , gave up just two hits and three walks , and was able to pitch around an error by their own third baseman in their final inning of work . Hendricks was masterful , working both sides of the plate with some of the best movement on their pitches he 's had all season . Every time they needed to make a pitch , they did .
The performance was reminiscent of their outing in Game 6 of last year 's NLCS against Clayton Kershaw of the Dodgers . The Cubs won that game , then a certain Game 7 of the World Series -- which Hendricks started as well .
Before this series began , three-time World Series champion Jon Lester -- a veteran of several Game 1 starts -- declared it a `` passing of the torch '' to the Dartmouth alum , even declaring Hendricks ' next goal is to be an Opening Day starter . It ca n't be far in the future . Hendricks has tackled and won a Game 1 and 7 and everything in between while lowering their career postseason ERA to a nifty 1.98 after Friday night 's outing .
Mr. Postseason indeed .
FIFA 18 : EA Sports reveal first official gameplay footage
Could this be the start of many more ?
@ SarthRedDevil by Sarthak Sharma News 14 Aug 2017 , 13:00 IST
The game releases on 29.09.2017
What 's the story ?
This could be the moment that all gaming fans have been eagerly waiting for . In their string of reveal videos that EA Sports have really stepped up as of late , this could be arguably the most important .
In a Facebook video , EA Sports FIFA has revealed a new update for Major League Soccer ( MLS ) with an aim to garner publicity for the game in the United States . This move , however , has more than just a bit of MLS action . The video features actual footage from the game , something that has been missing from earlier reveal videos by the company . It might not be much and even not what was intended , but it gives some valuable insight into what might be expected come end September .
In case you did n't know ...
FIFA 18 videos are all over social media with promotions in full swing for the impending release . The MLS will be a major part of the game this year with new stadiums as well as players being added to make the American league look like a really big deal .
The heart of the matter
They are calling this latest reveal a `` New Broadcast Package '' meant specifically for the MLS . The video begins with a commentary featuring the familiar voices of Martin Tyler and Alan Smith with a game between Toronto FC and LA Galaxy about to start . Both the MLS clubs have their starting lineups ready and then the fun begins .
A sneak peek into the FIFA gameplay graces fans around the world as the video features a cross from the far side which is volleyed into the top corner by an LA Galaxy player . That pretty much ends the sequence but in a very short space of time , the video tells a very strong story . A strategically placed quote from Martin Tyler about the game growing in America tells us exactly who the target market is via this particular reveal .
What 's next ?
FIFA 18 releases across major platforms such as PC , PS 4 , Xbox One and even a version for Nintendo Switch on 29th September 2017 with promotions underway for the big release .
Author 's take
This little piece of footage may have had all that we needed when it comes to knowing what the game will actually appear to be when we get our hands on it . Though there has been leaked footage of the gameplay in FIFA 18 , this is the first consolidated effort from EA to actually make the game 's appearance visible to their enormous fan base .
A Teacher Allegedly Had Black Students Lie on Floor For Slavery Lesson , Sparking Outrage
A New York City middle school teacher 's lesson on slavery in America has sparked outrage after they allegedly singled out black students and told them to lie face-down on the classroom floor .
Students and a staff member at a middle school in the Bronx told the New York Daily Newsthat social studies teacher Patricia Cummings was giving a lesson to several 7th-grade classes about the Middle Passage , the harrowing journey of millions of Africans who were kidnapped and shipped to America as part of the Atlantic slave trade .
Cummings , who is reportedly white , allegedly had black students lie on the floor . At one point , the New York Daily News reports , they allegedly stepped on the back of at least one of the students and said , “ How does it feel ? See how it feels to be a slave ? ”
The student body at the William W. Niles School , M.S . 118 , is 60 percent Hispanic , 21 percent black , 16 percent Asian and 3 percent white , according to the latest statistics from the New York City Department of Education .
Cummings has since been reassigned away from students and an investigation into the alleged incident is underway , according to New York City Department of Education spokesperson Toya Holness .
“ While the investigation has not been completed , these are deeply disturbing allegations , and the alleged behavior has no place in our schools or in society . They have been reassigned away from students and we 're providing the school with additional supports , ” Holness told ABC News in a statement Saturday .
The New York City Department of Education is deploying additional counselors and school-climate specialists to M.S . 118 to support students and staff as needed , department officials told ABC News . The school 's principal is meeting with students and families and the superintendent has visited the school to support the community . The school also sent a letter home with students to their families , the officials said .
M.S . 118 principal Giulia Cox did not immediately respond to ABC News ' request for comment Saturday .
Attention nonprofits and NGOs ! Apply to showcase in Startup Alley at TechCrunch Disrupt SF on Wednesday , September 20th .
In 2014 , TechCrunch launched the Include Program to promote diversity within the tech world . As part of this program , TechCrunch invites select nonprofits and NGOs to exhibit in Startup Alley at TechCrunch Disrupt San Francisco . Showcasing in the Alley gives unprecedented access to investors , entrepreneurs and global press .
This year , TechCrunch will select and host three organizations to exhibit in Startup Alley on Wednesday , September 20th . NGOs and nonprofits qualify for the space if they are a registered 501c3 ( or have had equivalent status for at least three years ) , have not participated with TC Disrupt in 2017 and support underserved and underrepresented communities in tech . Preference is given to local organizations . Companies can apply here .
As part of their participation , organizations will receive two full conference passes , one demo/exhibit space , inclusion in the printed program guide and online program guide , branded table-top signage , power and Wi-Fi . Selected organizations will have the opportunity to network and engage with hundreds of entrepreneurs , investors and press from around the world .
Applications are open from now till August 21st . Groups will be notified of their participation status on August 23rd . If you have additional questions , please email startupalley @ techcrunch.com
Mattie Marie Cloud Jose , known to family and friends as Meddie or Mimi , was born May 27 , 1944 , in Booneville , Arkansas to Roy and Ruby Dees Cloud . Meddie married Alvin Lloyd Jose on November 11 , 1961 . Alvin and Meddie made their home in Elk City until 1983 when they moved to the Jose farm west of Leedey . Meddie enjoyed being a farmer 's wife , even during the tough times that accompanies farming life . Meddie loved attending basketball and softball games and prided themselves on being the youngest-acting mom/fan at 72 years young ! Known for their spunkiness and sassy spirit , Meddie lived life to the fullest , often stealing the show with their laughter and fun-loving antics when surrounded by family and friends .
Meddie had a passion for making quilts and sharing time with friends , especially on quilting retreats . “ Whatever happens on the quilting retreats stays at the quilting retreats ” was a motto that Meddie and their quilting friends shared . Meddie was a member of a Western Oklahoma Quilt Guild , and they enjoyed sharing their quilting passion with their handmade gifts to family and friends . Traveling was another of Meddie 's favorite pasttimes . They loved it when their brother Jimmy would call and tell them to pack their bags because they were heading out this week , maybe to Canada or Florida . The destination was n't important to Meddie ; they just enjoyed the road trip . They enjoyed going to Ruidoso , New Mexico , to see Bryan and go to the horse races . Meddie loved hosting Thanksgiving gatherings and playing Spades til late at night with their family . With Meddie being one of the 15 Cloud children , the gatherings were quite large and anything was possible . When the sisters got together , it might be hugs , kisses , or fists . Family time could become quite comical . Just recently , stories were told of Meddie jumping fully clothed into their nephew Robbie 's pool . Meddie did n't stop there—she even went down the slide , laughing the entire time . Everyone has probably heard Meddie 's expression , “ I 'm going to K-Mart. ” Well , what Meddie really meant was that they were out having fun and not to be expected home early .
For the last eight years , Meddie 's passion had been being “ Mimi. ” Meddie loved their boys Wyatt and Quaid . They shared a very special bond , and the boys knew that Mimi would do anything for them . Even Wyatt 's and Quaid 's teachers and the show cattle crew referred to Meddie as Mimi . The abundance of pictures of Wyatt and Quaid in Meddie 's home are proof that the boys were their pride and joy . Meddie played with their grandkids like they were in their twenties .
Meddie enjoyed traveling with Quinten , Marti , and the boys to the Miniature Hereford shows . At 72 years young , Meddie learned the show cattle life and loved going to the farm to help Marti and Quinten wash and blow out the heifers . In January , Meddie went with the QM Farms crew to Denver to the North Western Stock Show .
Meddie was a fun-loving , sassy spitfire who loved life and never had a dull moment . Meddie would do and say anything , sometimes to the shock of those who might not know their generous and loving spirit . Just recently , Meddie had been saying they were missing Alvin , and on February 11 , 2017 , Meddie went Home to the love of their life . Meddie is at peace now , having the time of their life while at the same time making Heaven a bit more fun .
Meddie was preceded in death by their husband , Alvin Lloyd Jose ; parents Roy and Ruby Cloud ; sisters , Nadine Moore , Sharon Book , Tammy Cloud , and Mary Ellen Cloud ; brothers , Johnny Cloud , Willard Smith , and Larry Cloud . Meddie is survived by their two children Bryan Lloyd of Ruidoso , NM ; Marti Marie and husband Quinten McIntyre of Leedey , OK ; Two grandsons Wyatt Lloyd and Quaid Len ; Brothers , Jerry Cloud and wife Pauletta ; Jimmy Cloud and wife Cheryl ; Robert Cloud and wife Karen ; sisters Leona Bohanon and husband James ; Diane Langley and husband Ronnie , all of Elk City , OK ; sister Joy Carter of Portland , Oregon ; sister Lucy Clark and husband Kenneth of OKC , OK ; and brother-in-law Billy Book of Seminole , OK ; two special forever friends , Donita Smith and Jerri Lynn Wilson of Leedey , OK. Meddie leaves a host of family and friends to celebrate their bright fun-loving spirit . Memorial services were held Wednesday February 15 , 2017 at 2:00 pm at the First Baptist Church , Leedey , Oklahoma . Condolence may be made to the family at shawfuneralhome.net . Shaw Funeral Home of Leedey .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A week later than planned , Theresa May will this afternoon give a statement to MPs on last Friday 's Brexit breakthrough .
In a magisterial piece of diplomacy the Prime Minister won approval for the negotiations to progress to trade talks by deploying the often underrated tactic of complying with almost everything the other side requested .
This was greeted by Tory MPs , including several Brexiteers , as Kissinger-style triumph until they looked more closely at more detail of what Mrs May had agreed and realised it was closer to the Chamberlain end of the deal-making spectrum .
David Davis yesterday tied themselves up in knots by claiming , just as the impact assessments carried out by their department now no longer existed , so the Brussels agreement was , in fact , nothing of the sort .
The Prime Minister will continue this semantic sleight of hand today by arguing what they signed up to was entirely consistent with their Lancaster House and Florence speeches .
( Image : PA )
Though I can not recall either speech acknowledging we would remain in the single market and customs union during the transition phase , nor that we would remain under the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice for another eight years .
As with every statement uttered on Brexit by the PM it is intended first and foremost for the Tory audience with the interests of the public ( unless they are hard Brexiteers ) a secondary consideration .
Having opened the door to the UK remaining under the protectorate of the EU post Brexit – there is no other way to interpret the proposed solution to the Irish border issue – Mrs May will now try to convince their restless backbenchers that this is not actually the case and they have not chosen between a hard Brexit and a soft Brexit .
We shall see when they make their statement this afternoon whether the Tory Brexiteers have bought this deceit willingly or have decided to swallow what little is left of their pride for the sake of the greater prize which is ensuring we do in fact leave on March 29 2019 .
Mrs May will also have to repair the damage caused by Davis with their casual claim the deal was not binding .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Their words have caused alarm in Dublin and Brussels who could still make life difficult for the UK at this Thursday 's summit of EU leaders .
Labour 's John McDonnell is giving a speech in the City this morning on the financial sector .
A consultation commissioned by the Shadow Chancellor has recommended moving some functions of the Bank of England to Birmingham .
The new Scottish Labour leader Richard Leonard is in town today and will be addressing the weekly meeting of the Parliamentary Labour Part y this evening .
There are premiership football clubs which offer more job security than leading Labour north of the border and a lot rests of Mr Leonard 's shoulders as they try to continue the party 's mini revival in Scotland .
The Commons begin with Education questions at 2.30pm with May 's statement due at 3.30pm .
The Work and Pensions select committee is holding another hearing at 3.45pm on PIP assessments where it will hear from various disability charities including Mencap and Scope .
At 2pm the Labour MP Rachel Reeves , co-chair of the Jo Cox Loneliness Commission , will give a speech at the Policy Exchange think tank calling for an overhaul of the welfare state to tackle the “ social epidemic ” of loneliness .
Ms Reeves says the state act as a “ convenor ” and bring people together to help them help themselves .
We have recorded a new ay to the Left podcast on all latest Brexit developments .
It includes an uncharacteristically accurate prediction on whether May would get a deal .
Lebanon Ford 550 HP Mustang Ecoboost Enlarge Photo
Lebanon Ford , the Ohio-based dealership responsible for some of the best bang-for-your-buck Mustang modifications , is back again . This time , Lebanon Ford Performance has tackled the Mustang EcoBoost , and it has quite the proposal for pony car fans .
For $ 32,995 , Lebanon Ford will massage 550 horsepower from the 2.3-liter turbocharged 4-cylinder engine . The car is called the LFP 550 and it includes the base price of a Mustang EcoBoost ( $ 27,095 ) with a manual transmission , plus all necessary modifications . Five hundred and fifty horses for the price of a bone-stock Mustang GT and the power of a GT350 is n't a bad value proposition , folks . In fact , it 's downright impressive . LFP says with the demise of the Mustang 's V-6 engine , it needed to fill the void left for those not seeking a V-8-powered pony car . A giant turbo sure is one way to do it .
Said turbo comes in the form of a single 7670 EFR Turbocharger Kit from Borg-Warner , which is refined and cleaned up with a Cobb Accessport and a custom tune from VMP Performance . Supposedly , 550 hp is a conservative figure when all is said and done . LFP adds an upgraded intercooler and an oil catch can for good measure . Although this is totally doable with a base Mustang EcoBoost , LFP recommends opting for the $ 1,995 EcoBoost Performance package , which is only offered on the $ 32,890 EcoBoost Premium model . This package adds other go-fast goodies such as a limited-slip rear axle , larger 19-inch wheels , larger brakes , revised suspension tuning , and additional cooling . With its modifications , LFP claims a quarter-mile time of 11.2 seconds is n't far-fetched with a set of dedicated drag radials .
Have you already purchased a Mustang EcoBoost ? No problem , says LFP . The little Ohio Ford store will happily take in a previously purchased Mustang EcoBoost and work its magic for a standalone package price of $ 7,699 , still achieving the 550-hp figure .
Now we have three bargain performance machines from LFP . LFP 550 joins the 727-hp Mustang GT LFP 727 and the 1,200-hp twin-turbo LFP Hellion . The latter costs just $ 45,499 for a four-digit power figure . Crazy ? You bet . Awesome ? No doubt .
The Wave Of Female Candidates Is Set For A Wave Of Losses , Come November
Enlarge this image toggle caption The Washington Post/Getty Images The Washington Post/Getty Images
Lauren Underwood is optimistic about their chances of winning a seat in Congress .
`` This seat is 100 percent at play . It 's winnable , '' the Democratic candidate said of Illinois ' 14th Congressional District , which stretches along the western and northern sides of Chicago 's outer suburbs .
Them attitude is maybe unremarkable — every candidate says they 're optimistic — except for the fact that the odds are stacked against them They know very well that this race is considered a pretty safe bet for the GOP in November — the nonpartisan Cook Political Report lists it as a `` likely Republican '' win , meaning Republican incumbent Randy Hultgren has an excellent chance of holding onto their House seat .
Still , Underwood is undeterred .
`` We 're not in an average year , and I 'm not an average candidate , '' they said . `` I think that that matters . What we 've seen in elections out of Virginia and Texas and the special [ election ] in Pennsylvania is that the candidate and the quality of the election that they 're running matters a lot in the election outcome . ''
Underwood is in good company . This year 's unprecedented crop of women running for office includes a glut of women running in races that , to put it mildly , will be a challenge for them to win in November .
Lots more women running equals lots more women losing
An NPR analysis shows that the influx of women candidates , beyond being heavily Democratic , features a glut of Democratic women running in races currently considered to be easy Republican wins .
In total , 49 percent of the Democratic women running for the House , not including incumbents , are in likely or safe Republican districts . On the other side , 34 percent of Republican women running as non-incumbents are in likely or safe Democratic House districts .
And even those running for seats that are within reach for their party will still have to get through sometimes crowded primaries .
The bottom line is that a wave of female candidates is going to equal a wave of women losing in 2018 .
Loading ...
Importantly , this does n't necessarily make women unusual , according to an NPR analysis of the FEC 's total candidate dataset . That data is n't perfect — it includes some candidates who filed but never made it to the ballot , for example — but it suggests that large numbers of men , particularly Democrats , have filed in districts that would be very difficult to win . Indeed , while the number of women running has increased substantially this year , the level of women as a share of all candidates has not increased all that much .
Interestingly , the districts featuring female candidates followed a similar pattern in the last midterms — with many Democratic women likewise running in solid Republican districts — according to data from March 2014 provided to NPR by both the Cook Political Report and Rutgers ' Center for American Women and Politics , or CAWP .
Loading ...
Both parties have seen increases in female candidates this cycle , though far more of the increase has been among Democratic women , who have been energized by their dislike of President Trump , and cultural forces like the # MeToo movement .
The large number of Democratic female candidates in those `` solid '' and `` likely Republican '' districts may reflect that energy , as women like Underwood hope to unseat staunch conservatives .
To be clear , the candidate field will narrow already considerably in the primaries . Right now , according to the Rutgers data , there are 555 women in the running for 324 U.S. House , Senate or governors ' races — a figure that includes incumbents , challengers and candidates in open races .
But in November , that wave of women will face its real numbers test .
How many women could be elected ?
One way to look at the data : If a woman won every possible House race this November , women would occupy 264 House seats — well over half , and a roughly 150 percent bump from the current level of 106 .
But take out all of those Democratic women in races that Cook considers `` solid '' or `` likely '' Republican and Republican women in `` solid '' or `` likely Democratic '' races , and there would be a potential 162 female House members . And that 's potential — assuming all of those women won .
To be clear , this still gives women — particularly Democratic women — a good chance of picking up significant numbers of seats in November .
Toss-up races are one opportunity for this to happen . One easily overshadowed figure in the above charts is the number of women in toss-up races this year — twice as many GOP women as in 2014 , and more than five times as many Democratic women .
Some women will lose , though . And that 's OK with Erin Vilardi , founder and CEO of VoteRunLead , a nonpartisan group that recruits and trains women to run for office . They say their group is `` coaching women to run to lose '' for a few reasons .
`` One , you might actually win , because this is such a crazy election cycle in 2018 , '' Vilardi said . `` No political pundit knows what voter turnout is going to be . Is it going to be 16 points higher [ than the last mid-term election ] ? Eight points higher ? Five points higher ? We have no idea . ''
In addition , Vilardi said , a first-time candidate 's 2018 campaign could teach them about fundraising and campaigning , not to mention giving them more name recognition , setting them up for an easier campaign in 2020 .
Running a strong campaign in 2018 could also get a candidate more respect and power within their party in advance of future elections , Vilardi added .
`` Maybe it 's also that you go to the party and say , 'If we had 12 people running in this race , ' or 'If we had a ticket up and down , ' or 'If we had been tending to the Latino population in this community , ' or ' I registered 15,000 new Latinos as a part of this campaign ' — those people are only voting for you . You 're bringing that body of people with you , '' they said .
On top of all that , Vilardi added , new candidates can give more visibility to otherwise ignored issues .
For now , Underwood has other things on their mind than the long game . They face off against six other candidates on Tuesday ( all of them men ) for the Democratic nomination . They know she 's a strong candidate , having outraised all of their opponents who have filed fundraising reports combined , according to FEC data . But they do know that , if they win , she 'll have a much tougher race to run .
`` We 're going to need to raise two million dollars in the general , '' they said . `` This will be a challenge . We 're rising to that challenge . ''
Azerbaijan announces manat rate for October 9
2017-10-06 17:10 | www.trend.az | 0
Baku , Azerbaijan , Oct. 6
Trend :
Official exchange rate of Azerbaijan 's national currency , the manat , against the US dollar was set at 1.7002 AZN/USD for Oct. 9 , the Central Bank of Azerbaijan ( CBA ) said Oct. 6 .
Thus , the AZN/USD rate remained unchanged compared to the rate on Oct. 6 .
We love being the place you come to in order to find answers to nagging problems . While the Mac 911 name predates iOS and iCloud , we 're open to answering questions related to any Apple hardware , software , and services . But we can help save you some time if you have one of the most common situations that we receive email about .
This super FAQ provides brief answers to issues that represent a good three-quarters of all the email we receive , along with links to our full-length columns with more details .
Focus on Photos and iCloud Photo Library
Apple 's transition from iPhoto to Photos in OS X starting with a beta release in early 2015 through multiple versions in Yosemite and El Capitan led to lots of confusion and grief . Many folks have leapt over the divide or firmly decided to stick for as long as possible with iPhoto ( or Aperture ) .
Along the way , iCloud Photo Library 's launch managed to add even more variables , as people tried to sort out where the master copy of their media “ lived , ” and what happened when they wanted to delete or sort images and video .
As a general tip , if you 're looking for help manages Photos for OS X libraries , I highly recommend Fat Cat Software 's PowerPhotos , which I reviewed December 2015 . While it costs $ 30 , that includes a copy of iPhoto Library Manager , which can help prep or manage older iPhoto libraries , too . PowerPhotos is the only tool that can merge Photos libraries , and works with Apple 's database format to find and remove duplicates .
We 've seen these four questions asked most frequently about Photos and iCloud Photo Library :
Mac hardware : Erase , restore , and Wi-Fi
The runner-up category at Mac 911 is anything related to OS X , particularly dealing with cleaning up a system for sale or restoring one that seems to have gone kaput .
Sorting out Apple ID issues
We 're so very many years into Apple using a unified Apple ID for its services and stores , and yet the company still ca n't seem to manage letting us merge accounts and purchases . We get two distinct questions associated with Apple IDs all the time .
I have two Apple IDs ( or my partner/spouse/etc . and I each have one ) : Many people have wound up with two Apple IDs that manage different parts of their Apple experience because of how Apple launched different services . I use one account that was registered first as an iTools account , for all of my synchronization , while another , which started as my personal email address , for iTunes and App Store purchases .
Many people also write in because two or more people in their family grouping ( whether a couple or including children or parents or others ) have unique Apple IDs and they want to share purchases or information among them , wondering if Family Sharing is a good option .
There 's really nothing you can do about any of these situations , but people who have been told this in the past by Apple and supposed gurus like yours truly continue to ask , because it 's so frustrating and seems unreasonable .
I do have some general advice , however :
If what you 're doing is working but annoying , you should learn to accept it , because it seems unlikely Apple will ever change this . I am often frustrated in setting up new devices or dealing with unexpected password requests for iCloud , the App Store , and other Apple properties due to my two-account situation , but it does work reliably . I have n't lost any data , and I can always access my purchases .
If you 're using email via iCloud with one account , and have all your purchases on another , you can transition everything except email to your purchasing account , and switch to have everything sync through that account for iCloud . You can tie iCloud in iOS and OS X to the purchase account , and set up an email-only connection for your email-focused iCloud account . I suggest a plan in “ Can you merge synced data from multiple Apple IDs ? ”
Family Sharing may work in some cases , though I do n't love the implementation . Chris Breen wrote up a transition suggestion in 2014 that still works , but not for everyone .
I have an Apple ID in one country ; how can I change the country for that Apple ID 's registration ? You can , but you lose access to all your purchases . You can maintain separate Apple IDs that are registered in different countries , but that can be problematic when you want to switch among them to access different purchases or data , as I explain in “ How to use different iTunes accounts for different languages . ”
No , Siri , no !
Siri has limitations around correctly spelling things you speak and correctly pronouncing words and names . There are some workarounds .
“ Siri wo n't spell something correctly. ” Siri may transcribe a name or word incorrectly . You can add the correctly spelled version of the word or name to a contact name , and that can fix things . You can also swipe down on the Siri screen and type to correct misspelled words in its version . It 's supposed to get better over time as you make those corrections , but Siri still transcribes “ Offie ” instead of the app “ Authy , ” no matter how many times I correct it .
“ Siri wo n't pronounce my name or someone else 's name correctly. ” You can tell Siri that it got it wrong , and Siri provides alternative pronunciations from which you can pick , or you can add a word or name to a contact and use a hidden phonetic field in Contacts to provide the correct way to say it . Unfortunately , this does n't always work , either , to judge by reader reports .
Hey , Mac , that 's no keeper
The single top question we 've received for years running is how to uninstall MacKeeper , software that in itself provides a legitimate ( if overpriced ) function , but because of its advertising , affiliate , installation , and removal issues , we have n't and do not recommend here at Macworld .
MacKeeper 's original owners agreed to pay a settlement in a class-action lawsuit . The new owners , as of two years ago , seem closely associated with the original firm , but we have received substantially fewer complaints about its practices and the software 's removal . Emails still outpace those on any other topic , but there are far fewer of them .
I still regularly see MacKeeper pop-up ads that state that the website has run a diagnosis ( not credible ) , and that the diagnosis reveals something 's wrong with my Mac ( also not credible ) . These ads also use a discredited technique that , on attempting to close a window , allows a page to show a pop-up confirmation dialog warning against closing it .
( If you 've paid in the past for any software that has a recurring charge , or have relatives who have done so , now 's a good time to ensure you do n't have such a charge reappearing even after you 've canceled a subscription and uninstalled the software . )
Since executive editor Susie Ochs wrote an updated guide to removing MacKeeper in December 2015 based on some changes the company had made , complaints and queries have tapered off even further . If you ca n't get MacKeeper off your computer , follow them directions .
ISLAMABAD , Jul 4 ( APP ) : Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) leader , candidate for NA-54 , Asad Umar said that corrupt politicians and rulers tainted the image of the country while upcoming general elections are decisive for nation 's fate .
Addressing a public gathering here at F-11 Markaz , they said that people are facing severe water , electricity shortage , economic crisis and other pressing issues and the former government basked in the glory of their so-called development in the country .
They said no economic expertise is required to understand the current economic scenario where no sustainable improvement can be seen . They believed that the current social setup depicts a state of lawlessness in the country where the principle of might is right holds water adding sectarian violence established its roots in the society due to the flaw of institutions enforcing law .
Asad Umar said the general elections 2018 were not important for their successful contest rather Imran Khan to finish the status quo in the country . They claimed that no corruption and nepotism allegations were charged against PTI government in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ( KPK ) and Imran Khan while a budget of Rs 2,000 billion was spent by the KPK government .
They vowed to their electorate to redress all their grievances regarding development in their constituency which was ignored by their former representatives .
Speaking on the occasion , President Al Hussain Trust Allama Syed Zafar Abbas Kazmi assured Asad Umar for their complete support in the forthcoming general elections 2018 .
They said our country required sincere leadership in the current scenario to end its crisis and expressed that Asad Umar would not only play their role to resolve local rather national issues . They also fastened ‘ Imam Zamin ' on Asad Umar 's arm for their success in the 2018 general elections .
KYLE BUSCH
Daytona – Top of the Bucket List
HUNTERSVILLE , North Carolina ( Feb. 13 , 2017 ) – Over the past two seasons , Kyle Busch , driver of the No . 18 M & M 'S Toyota for Joe Gibbs Racing ( JGR ) , has made significant progress on their bucket list within the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series .
Along with bringing home their first NASCAR Cup Series championship in 2015 , Busch has brought home back-to-back Brickyard 400 wins in 2015 and 2016 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway , and a victory in the 2008 Southern 500 at Darlington ( S.C. ) Raceway .
With those items checked off the list entering their 13th full-time season in NASCAR 's top series , Busch turns their attention to a race every stock car driver dreams of winning – the Daytona 500 . After 11 career starts in the “ Great American Race , ” Busch is still searching for their first victory in NASCAR 's season-opening event and they look to add the ultimate bucket list item to their resume .
When it comes to NASCAR , there are n't many traditions that run deeper than kicking off each new season with Speedweeks at Daytona ( Fla. ) International Speedway , which this year culminates Feb. 26with the 59th running of the Daytona 500 .
Before next week 's edition of the Great American Race , the 2017 season will warm up with Saturdaynight 's non-points Advance Auto Parts Clash , which Busch won in 2012 . It continues through next week 's Can-Am Duel qualifying races . Busch won their Duel qualifying race in 2009 , 2013 and 2016 . Then , the official NASCAR Cup Series season begins in earnest Feb. 26 with the Daytona 500 . In addition to their three non-points race wins at Daytona , Busch captured their first and only Daytona points-paying Sprint Cup win in July 2008 .
Busch will look to top their strong season from one year ago when they finished third in the Cup Series standings , qualified for their ninth career appearance in NASCAR 's playoffs , and made the Championship 4 for the second consecutive season . Busch won four races in 2016 , which gave them at least one win in each of their first 12 seasons . The Las Vegas native also tied their 2008 career-high 17 top-five finishes and career-high 25 top-10s last season .
The 38-race winner in NASCAR 's Cup Series will look to continue to win races and vie for another championship , with a few other goals still left to accomplish . Along with a Daytona 500 victory and a return to the Championship 4 , Busch 's goals for 2017 include crossing off two tracks where he 's never won in the Cup Series – Pocono ( Pa. ) Raceway and Charlotte ( N.C. ) Motor Speedway .
Also for 2017 , primary backer M & M 'S returns for its ninth season with Busch and the colorful M & M 'S Toyota . M & M 'S will have its fan pit stop experience on site during Speedweeks at Daytona at the base of the Toyota Injector . Activities there will include the M & M 'S Tire Changer , prize wheel , sampling of M & M 'S product and the No . 18 M & M 'S show car on-site for fan photo opportunities .
So , as Busch and their No . 18 M & M 'S Camry head back to Daytona for another edition of Daytona Speedweeks , their sights will be set on checking off another item on the bucket list by adding their name as the 38th driver to grace the Harley J. Earl Trophy as Daytona 500 champion .
KYLE BUSCH , Driver of the No . 18 M & M 'S Toyota Camry for Joe Gibbs Racing :
Are there race wins or other things that you hope to accomplish before your racing career is over ?
“ The number-one , most important thing is trying to win the Daytona 500 . After that , we will try to win the Coke 600 at Charlotte , or really any Cup race at Charlotte , which I have n't been able to do , yet . Past that , to be able to win at Pocono , which is the only other place besides Charlotte where I have n't won a Cup race . Winning at Martinsville and getting a Grandfather Clock and winning at Kansas , where I have n't been very good in my career , were both really special last year . Beyond that , I would certainly still like to win 200 overall NASCAR races , but that may be down the line a bit . Those are some of the bucket-list things that would be cool to accomplish someday . We still have plenty to accomplish but I 'm excited to head back to Daytona and get a new year started . Hard to believe it 's my ninth season with M & M 'S on board with me . We have a lot of great things to come with them this year and with the launch of M & M 'S Caramel in May . ”
Does having a championship on your resume make you feel any different heading into another new season ?
“ I do n't think I 'm any different than I was before winning the championship than I am today . I 'm just a fierce competitor who wants to go out there and win races and compete for championships . Even though there 's one under my belt , there 's plenty more to achieve . We 'll go out there and fight hard and make sure we can do that week-in and week-out , but also year-in and year-out with this M & M 'S team and everyone at Joe Gibbs Racing . At the same time , I feel like there was the pressure of winning a title lifted off my back . To be introduced as a Cup Series champion never gets old and will always be a huge honor for me , no doubt . ”
Why is the Daytona 500 so hard to win ?
“ Because everybody else wants to win it and it 's on all their bucket lists and , of course , it 's a race that 40 people have a chance to go out there and win . I would n't say the same for a race like Atlanta . You go to Atlanta and obviously that 's a race where probably 10 , 12 guys are going to have a chance to win but , when you show up to Daytona , all 40 people will believe that they have a chance to win . ”
How would you explain the feeling of starting the Daytona 500 ?
“ It 's crazy because I felt that as a rookie , maybe my second year , but I do n't necessarily feel it that much now . I feel it 's like another race , but it is the first race of the year and you want to start it off well . Are you always really ready for the start of the season ? Who knows ? If the Daytona 500 was the fifth or sixth race of the year , would it be better for me or better for somebody else ? Maybe , or maybe not . The only way I can explain it to people is if you ever get excited or the adrenaline starts pumping and you do n't necessarily have any feelings and it 's just excitement . It could be for people experiencing the birth of a kid or something like that , or seeing their kid go through graduation or something like that . That 's sort of the feeling that you get of getting ready to start the Daytona 500 . To me , I get nervous or pumped up or excited about the start of the Super Bowl , especially being there in person this year in Houston . I 'm excited and I 'm jacked up for it , so I can only imagine what the players feel , and that 's sort of the feeling that you get . ”
How important is the Clash exhibition race to learn the draft and get ready for the rest of Speedweeks ?
“ I think anytime we ever go down to Daytona , whether it 's with a new car or whether it 's with a different rules package or what have you , we always look at the Clash , as they call it now , as a race to watch to see exactly what 's going to happen and what characteristics you have in your racecar and things . It 's a learning experience for everybody , whether you 're in the race or whether you 're out of the race and not in it . For us , we 're curious to see how the car is going to race and how it 's going to handle and what it 's going to react like . Things are n't either drastically different with speedway racing this year , so there will be less to get used to . I 've been so busy with things this offseason with KBM ( Kyle Busch Motorsports ) and some of my businesses , I 'm just looking forward to getting back to Daytona to my day job with our M & M 'S Camry . ”
M & M 'S Racing
Race 1 of 36 – Daytona 500 – Daytona
Car No . : 18 – M & M 'S Toyota Camry
Teammates : Denny Hamlin – No . 11 FedEx Toyota Camry ; Daniel Suarez – No . 19 Arris Toyota Camry ; Matt Kenseth – No . 20 DeWalt Toyota Camry .
At-Track PR Contact : Bill Janitz , True Speed Communication ( 704-875-3388 ext . 803 or Bill.Janitz @ TrueSpeedCommunication.com ) .
Primary Team Members :
Driver : Kyle Busch
Hometown : Las Vegas
Crew Chief : Adam Stevens
Hometown : Portsmouth , Ohio
Car Chief : Nate Bellows
Hometown : Fairfax , Vermont
Race Engineer : Ben Beshore
Hometown : Hometown York , Pennsylvania
Engine Specialist : Mike Johnson
Hometown : Bozeman , Montana
Spotter : Tony Hirschman
Hometown : Northampton , Pennsylvania
Over-The-Wall Crew Members :
Gas Man : Tom Lampe
Hometown : Beatrice , Nebraska
Front Tire Changer : Josh Leslie
Hometown : Mount Clemens , Michigan
Jackman : TJ Ford
Hometown : Charlotte , North Carolina
Front Tire Carrier : Brad Donaghy
Hometown : Orange County , Virginia
Rear Tire Carrier : Kenny Barber
Hometown : Hoosick Falls , New York
Rear Tire Changer : Jake Seminara
Hometown : Steubenville , Ohio
Pit Support : Marcus Bonicelli
Hometown : Colorado Springs , Colorado
Pit Support : Jeff Koons
Hometown : Greenfield , Indiana
Road Crew Members :
Truck Drivers : Brendan Greene and Jamie Price
Hometowns : Midland , North Carolina , and Choteau , Montana , respectively
Tire Specialist : Jon Desrocher
Hometown : Plattsburgh , New York
Interior Mechanic : Wesley Lape
Hometown : Sinking Spring , Pennsylvania
Race Engineer : Tyler Allen
Hometown : Seattle , Washington
Ride and Handling Engineer : Chris Chase
Hometown : Nichols , New York
Rear End Mechanic : Chris Jones
Hometown : Smith Mountain Lake , Virginia
Mechanic : Todd Foster
Hometown : Birmingham , Alabama
Front End Mechanic : Brandon Griffeth
Hometown : Pittsfield , Illinois
Notes of Interest :
The 59th Daytona 500 will mark Kyle Busch 's 427th career Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series start and their 24th points-paying NASCAR Cup Series start at Daytona ( Fla. ) International Speedway .
Busch has career totals of 38 wins , 19 poles , 147 top-five finishes , 219 top-10s and 12,356 laps led in 426 career Cup Series races . Their most recent Cup Series win came in July 2016 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway , when they brought home their second consecutive win at the historic 2.5-mile oval . Busch 's win came from the pole position , their most recent pole and the 19th of their career .
Busch has one win , seven top-five finishes and eight top-10s and has led a total of 364 laps in 23 career Cup Series points-paying starts at Daytona . Busch 's average Daytona finish is 17.5 .
Warmup Act : Saturday night 's Advance Auto Parts Clash will mark Busch 's 11th appearance in the non-points event . They brought home their only Clash victory in 2012 . In that race five years ago , Busch passed three-time Cup Series champion Tony Stewart coming to the finish line on the final lap . Busch won by .013 of a second , the closest finish in Clash history .
Dueling at Daytona : Busch will make their 12th start in their Can-Am Duel twin qualifying race Feb. 23 . In their previous 11 starts , Busch has led 159 laps and has three career wins in the qualifying race – in 2009 , 2013 , and 2016 . The qualifying races this year will take on more importance as bonus points will be awarded in the season standings for a win in the twin 60-lap events .
Almost : Busch almost drove to their first Daytona Cup Series victory in July 2007 , finishing second to race-winner Jamie McMurray by a mere 0.005 of a second in a drag race to the finish line .
No More ‘ Almost : ' Busch finally notched their first and only Cup Series points-paying win at Daytona in the July 2008 Coke Zero 400 . Busch was just ahead of Carl Edwards when the caution came out for a multicar accident in turn one on lap 162 during a green-white-checkered finish . Busch was declared the winner by NASCAR officials when it was determined their car was in the lead when the caution came out to end the race .
38 Career Cup Series Wins : With their Cup Series win at Indianapolis last July , the 38th of their career , Busch is tied for 19th on the all-time Cup Series win list with Joe Gibbs Racing ( JGR ) teammate Matt Kenseth .
Trimming the List : With wins at Martinsville ( Va. ) Speedway and Kansas Speedway in Kansas City added to the list last season , Busch has won Cup Series races at 21 of the 23 tracks at which the series competes . The only two tracks they have yet to conquer in the Cup Series are Pocono ( Pa ) Raceway and Charlotte ( N.C. ) Motor Speedway . During their 2015 Cup Series championship season , Busch checked off Indianapolis and Homestead-Miami Speedway . Four of Busch 's last six Cup Series wins have been their first at each track in NASCAR 's top series ( Indianapolis , Homestead , Martinsville and Kansas ) . Of the 21 different tracks where Busch has won , they have multiple wins at 11 of them .
All-Time JGR Wins Leader : With their Brickyard 400 last July , Busch passed three-time Cup Series champion Tony Stewart for most all-time Cup Series wins for JGR . Busch now has 34 wins for JGR to Stewart 's 33 .
170 and Counting : Busch enters the start of the 2017 season with 170 career wins among NASCAR 's top three divisions – Cup ( 38 ) , Xfinity ( 86 ) and Truck ( 46 ) .
Sources : Bill Janitz/True Speed Communication
Treasurer Scott Morrison says the banking regulator is trying to make the industry more competitive with a proposal for a new licensing regime .
The banking watchdog is aiming to increase competition with a new licensing regime that would reduce barriers for new entrants while maintaining adequate safeguards .
Treasurer Scott Morrison , commenting on a discussion paper released by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority on Tuesday , said the proposed changes complemented the government 's plan to enable all authorised deposit-taking institutions to call themselves a bank , rather than just those with capital greater than $ 50 million .
`` A more competitive and innovative financial sector means more choice , lower prices and better service for Australian customers , '' Mr Morrison said in a statement .
After coming under fire in Italian media for accusing Harvey Weinstein of rape Asia Argento is returning to Italian TV as a judge on the “ The X Factor ” which will air on Sky Italia this fall .
FramantleMedia Italy , which is producing the show for Sky , has announced that Argento — who besides being an actor and director has had a music industry career as singer and disk jockey — will join other “ X Factor ” Italy judges , rapper Fedez , recording industry executive Mara Maionchi , local rocker and record producer Manuel Agnelli , as well as host Alessandro Cattelan .
“ We are thrilled to welcome Asia to the X Factor family where we are sure they that the contribution of their musical culture and personality will be of great importance , ” said Gabriele Immirzi , CEO of FremantleMedia Italy in a statement .
Immirzi went on to note that Italy 's upcoming “ X Factor ” edition “ will signal a further innovation of the show from both a creative and productive standpoint . ”
American shot in Istanbul could have been saved b
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A driver has been filmed taking seven minutes and more than 18 manoeuvres to parallel park their tiny car in a double-bay parking space .
The spectacle in Guildford high street , Surrey , was caught on camera by property maintenance director Lee Smith over Christmas as they sat in their van eating lunch .
Lee captured the driver 's attempts to navigate the Renault Clio green hatchback into the roomy space and provided a hilarious running commentary from inside their own vehicle .
( Photo : Mercury Press )
Lee , 36 , said : `` I 've never seen anything like it . If she 'd done the manoeuvre once or twice that would be fine but this was for seven minutes . ''
The footage captures the driver repeatedly reversing , nudging forward and even opening the door and getting out of the car to assess how far away they are from the kerb in the double space .
Dad-of-two Lee said : `` We 'd parked up after getting a KFC lunch and this all unfolded in front of us .
( Photo : Mercury Press )
( Photo : Mercury Press )
`` It was five minutes on the nose from me starting filming to when the lady , who I 'm assuming is their mum , gets out of the car .
`` This had been going on for two or three minutes before I started filming - they were just doing the exact same manoeuvre over and over and over again . ''
( Photo : Mercury Press )
( Photo : Mercury Press )
Eventually the driver hops out to help an elderly lady out of the car and onto the pavement .
Once the passenger is safely on the pavement the driver gets back in again and within a few manoeuvres manages to successfully park .
A collection point for clothing which will be sent to the families of Grenfell Tower in London , devastated in yesterday 's fire , has been set up at a Peterborough gym .
Karl Butcher from Immortal 365 gym said : “ The families of the Grenfell Tower in London have lost everything in the fire , they have no homes , food or clothing .
“ We are going to have a clothes donation box at Immortal that we will be sending to families
“ Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families . ”
Donations can be dropped off at the gym at 3 Milnyard Square , PE2 6GX , Peterborough , from today , Thursday June 15 .
This is a very sensitive question . Yes , of course I did . I 'm human and I 'm a human freelancer , which is even worse , and sadly I did hit some crunch periods with this book where I had to work on the weekend . But I will say in my defence , I would always try and protect some zone of the weekend , so maybe not work on the Saturday but work for several hours on the Sunday and make sure those hours had a start and a stop . I 'm guilty though .
Onstad chatted with the Star about why Europeans are taking the right approach to leisure , how the on-demand gig economy has done away with set work hours and why weekends seem a little more magical when you 're younger .
In their new book The Weekend Effect , available Tuesday , Toronto author Katrina Onstad challenges the “ cult of overwork ” and underlines the importance of taking back those 48 hours of “ off ” time that have been eroded in an ever-competitive economy and constantly connected world .
When 's the last time you had a truly enjoyable weekend — one free from checking work emails , rushing between appointments and , most importantly , one that left you feeling rejuvenated and ready to take on the week ahead ?
It was a gradual decline of quality on the weekends . There 's four of us in my house and we were all feeling burnt out and really had those cliché Sunday night blues . It was not the weekends I remembered from when I was young , when there was so much possibility and we would feel a little bit altered for the better on a Sunday night .
Well , not having to earn money is great . But I think those great weekends that we remember are usually very social , they involve human connection and some kind of almost escape from the self , like any kind of activity where you can get into that flow state and really feel like you 're a part of something bigger than yourself . So the romance and the potential of the weekend is something that I think you can really feel when you 're young and it 's important to try and get back into it .
Before crunch time on the book , did you take a cold-turkey approach to reclaiming your weekends , or was it a gradual process ?
I do n't want to come off as cold , and I think we have to be realistic about our different kinds of obligations , which change week to week . But for me , it 's really been about sparking this awareness of my time and investigating my time to see if I 'm using it wisely and if not , if diversion is the main substance of my weekend or work is the main substance of my weekend , then I really have to pull back .
In the book , you talk about how Europeans , generally , have a different approach to work than Canadians or Americans . How did that difference arise ?
I think in North America , there 's always been this work-identified culture — this is the New World , right ? Work and self are really intertwined , and I think that , this is a generalization , but in many developed Western European countries , there 's a different relationship to time and maybe not as monetized a relationship to time . What we 've also seen is that governments over there have been quicker to pick up on the downside of work-dominated culture and so you see in France , legislation passed to enshrine the right to disconnect , and Germany has also put in place some of these kinds of initiatives to protect their workers ' free time . We 're a bit behind here , and I think a lot of it has to do with this work-first mentality .
In the book , you write about the “ gig economy ” and how convenience for people using on-demand services means the disruption of steady work hours for others . How can people such as Uber drivers block off time and reclaim their weekends ?
There 's been a massive shift in the way people work and I think our institutions really have n't caught up to the humanity that 's required for this shift . There was a poll that showed more than 50 per cent of Toronto workers are now doing precarious work , so those kinds of workers are going to have a really hard time finding that conventional Saturday-Sunday weekend . I think the first thing we need to do as a society is examine how equitable our labour practices are and what we need to improve so that workers are being treated fairly and getting a healthy amount of time off . And then , on a personal level , we probably have to reframe our idea of the weekend so that even if our “ weekend ” falls on a Wednesday and a Friday , you can be really conscious about not squandering it .
Toronto 's such a work-oriented city and I think it 's something we really need to examine on a systemic level as well as in our own private lives . It 's not just self-help . There are a lot of forces at work that have compromised our weekends and our free time , and if those do n't change , then the onus ca n't just be on the individual , it has to be a sort of larger social shift towards healthy work habits .
Interview edited for length and clarity .
The abrupt cancellation of “ Roseanne ” will have a massive impact on ABC 's plans for the fall .
At its upfront presentation to advertisers two weeks ago , ABC unveiled a fall schedule that boasted “ Roseanne ” leading off the Tuesday-night primetime lineup . The revived multi-camera sitcom had just secured its place as the 2017-18 season 's No . 1 scripted show in Nielsen 's 18-49 demo . Heading into the upfront , ABC had positioned the show as the long-sought answer to the network 's Tuesday-night woes and the new face of its comedy brand .
On Tuesday , ABC canceled “ Roseanne ” just hours after star Roseanne Barr published a racist Tweet about former Obama-administration White House aide Valerie Jarrett .
Tuesdays had for years vexed ABC , with each season bringing a new strategy for reviving the network 's fortunes on the night . In 2013-14 , ABC made the unorthodox move of putting first-year student Marvel drama “ Agents of SHIELD ” on at 8 p.m. , where comedies had typically dwelled . Two seasons later , another Disney-owned franchise , “ The Muppets , ” was given a shot at 8 p.m. Last season , “ Black-ish ” was relocated to 9 p.m. Tuesdays , where the network hoped it would anchor the primetime block much as “ Modern Family ” had for years on Wednesday nights .
None of those moves mattered , and ABC continued to flounder on Tuesdays . But “ Roseanne ” promised a solution . At 8 p.m. , it would go head-to-head with “ The Voice ” on NBC and “ NCIS ” on CBS and provide formidable competition to both — even with a likely ratings decline in the upcoming season . The decision to schedule new single-camera comedy “ The Kids Are Alright ” at 8:30 p.m. was a risk , but one with potential payoff if the first-year student series proved able to hold a significant chunk of the “ Roseanne ” audience and establish itself . “ Black-ish ” and “ Splitting Up Together , ” scheduled for 9 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. , respectively , had already proven themselves able schedule partners to “ Roseanne . ”
At 10 p.m. , ABC execs had high hopes for “ The Rookie , ” a first-year student drama starring Nathan Fillion as a middle-aged man who joins the Los Angeles Police Department . The morning of the upfront , ABC entertainment president Channing Dungey told reporters that “ The Rookie ” would appeal to “ the broad base of viewers that we start off the night with ” — a reference to the outsize ratings earned by “ Roseanne , ” which played particularly well in Midwestern states — and acknowledged that 10 p.m. Tuesdays “ has been a challenging time period in the past . ”
Without “ Roseanne , ” ABC 's options for saving Tuesday night are limited . The network could , conceivably , make a bold move such as tearing “ Modern Family ” from its longtime Wednesday perch and placing it in the Tuesday lead-off spot . But doing so would hobble the survival chances of first-year student comedy “ Single Parents ” at 9:30 p.m. Wednesday and first-year student drama “ A Million Little Things ” at 10 p.m. Wednesday .
Tinkering with Wednesday risks undermining a night in which ABC is fairly well positioned , at least until 10 p.m . But one possible move would be to dispatch season three of “ American Housewife ” to Tuesdays and rearranging the two hour comedy block there into whatever order would make the most sense ( and do the least damage to “ The Kids Are Alright , ” for which ABC has high hopes ) .
That move would mean waving a white flag on Tuesdays — but present an intriguing opportunity on Wednesdays . The only new comedy other than “ The Kids are Alright ” to get a series order from ABC for next season is “ Schooled , ” a spinoff of “ The Goldbergs. ” “ Schooled ” is not yet on the schedule , but almost any “ Roseanne ” patch-job scenario involves it being moved to fall . Placing it at 8:30 p.m. Wednesday behind “ The Goldbergs ” gives the spinoff a solid shot at capturing the original 's audience . Alternatively , ABC could move “ Fresh Off the Boat ” or “ Speechless ” from the newly formed Friday comedy hour to Tuesday , then move “ Schooled ” into the vacant slot — or go with the unscripted standby of “ Shark Tank ” reruns on Friday in place of the comedy block , holding whichever comedy does n't move to Tuesday until midseason .
If ABC needs to ramp up additional development , it has Kenya Barris and Julie Bean 's untitled family comedy still in development . The show had been ordered to straight to series last season , but was pushed to off-cycle development in February after ABC failed to find a suitable replacement when planned star Alec Baldwin left the project .
A decision on ABC 's fall schedule is not expected for at least several days .
RELATED CONTENT :
Plumbing issues are never that easy to deal with , but you will find it is easier to navigate the problem when you have solid advice . Whether you need help diagnosing or putting the project together yourself , these steps will guide you through each process that you will encounter as you take on your home 's plumbing .
Do n't pour cooking grease , leftover frying fat or any oils down your sink drain . These substances will harden as soon as they cool down , and clog your drains . This is very true for garbage disposal , since fat will make the blades run less quickly and efficiently . Do n't put oils down the sink .
If you have bad water pressure in the shower , the showerhead might be clogged . Take a plastic baggie , fill it with regular vinegar , and tie it to the showerhead so that the showerhead is covered . Leave it overnight . In the morning , take the baggie off and use a small toothbrush to scrub away any mineral deposits .
Make sure overflow holes are cleaned out . This can help to prevent any water damage . Overflow holes are a way to stop water from overflowing if a sink is left on by accident . If the overflow hole is clogged it will not be able to do its job .
Some people have problems with their plumbing system in that the pipes sweat and drip condensation . You do not have to hire a plumber to take care of this nuisance . You can purchase self-adhesive drip tape from your local hardware store . This drip tape will insulate your `` sweating '' pipes which are dripping with moisture built up from condensation . To make sure the tape sticks firmly , dry the pipe thoroughly before applying the tape .
If your toilet is constantly developing moisture on the outside , you may want to consider turning up the heat in your bathroom . The biggest cause of `` sweaty '' toilets is cool and moist air . Believe it or not , this moisture could actually cause damage to your toilet , so it is crucial that you fix the problem .
It is important to always run cold water while using your garbage disposal . The blades will stay sharper , and the overall disposal process will run smoother . If you use hot water it will liquefy the grease , allowing it to accumulate in your drain causing your pipes to clog .
Make sure to clean out the dryers lint trap . This will save a ton of trouble for you , it will also prevent fires . Inspect your lint trap often to see if there are any tears or holes . If there are , you can have lint getting into your pipes , and this will clog them and give you more problems that will have to be dealt with .
When plunging a drain to attempt to remove a blockage , first make sure that the drain is completely covered in water . This helps to form a seal . Then , plunge at least fifteen to twenty times before stopping . Repeat the process two to three times . If this does n't work , try a chemical drain cleaner .
Try to update your internal toilet components from time to time . If you have to hold down the handle for a long time to flush your toilet , you may need to replace a worn piece . This improvement will help to save a lot of money on your water bill during the year .
Consult your Department of Consumer Affair if you 're looking to hire a plumbing contractor . You will be able to check their license and know if people have complained about this specific contractor . If they do n't generate appealing results , you can simply move forward and find someone who does .
If you have an automatic sprinkler system , you want to consider getting a spring-loaded timer which can be attached directly to your hose . This prevents your lawn from getting too much water in case you forget to turn your system off . Getting too much water could kill your grass and plants .
To compare the quality of your pipes or sewers over time , create a video for documentation purposes . Several months later , make the same video so that you can see if there are any new cracks or holes that require fixing . This can serve as a great way to analyze your infrastructure .
You should be very careful when choosing drain cleaners . A number of them have strong chemical ingredients that damage pipes . You need to select a cleaner that has been advertised as being gentle on pipes . Some chemicals will kill the bacteria your plumbing system needs to function properly and could even be harmful to humans .
While it might help to conserve a bit of water to not flush the toilet after every use or only under certain conditions , regularly flushing toilets can help keep water moving in pipes and prevent freezing . The same holds true for letting water run in sinks as well . If you have rarely used bathrooms in your home , make it point to to flush the toilets and run the faucets on a regular basis .
After reading the above tips , you should feel excited in the fact that you will now be able to be your own plumber . These new ideas may help yield positive results in your work . If they do n't , consider other options until you 're satisfied with the results .
Veteran choreographer Saroj Khan 's brazen comment that the casting couch `` provides livelihood at least '' in showbiz received a divided response . For some , it 's the bitter truth and some found their comment derogatory . They later retracted and apologised
Congress leader Renuka Chowdhary supported Khan 's view and said the Parliament too is not immune to the casting couch .
At an event in Sangli , Khan said : `` Can I tell you one thing ? This has been happening since the beginning of time . It has n't started now . Someone or the other tries to take advantage of every other girl . The government 's people do it too . Then why are you after the film industry ?
`` It provides livelihood at least . Does not rape and leave you . It depends on the girl , what they want to do . If you do n't want to fall in the wrong hands , you wo n't . If you have art , why would you sell yourself ? Do n't take the film industry 's name . ''
A video of the comment was doing the rounds on social media on Tuesday .
Them comment left Twitterati in shock as many took it as a clean chit to the prevalence of the casting couch in the Indian film industry , which has largely remained mum in naming and shaming offenders despite speaking up in favour of the global # MeToo movement .
Khan , however , apologised for making the remark .
`` Whatever the question , you do n't know ... You just know my answer . So it is sounding wrong . But anyhow , I am sorry . I apologise , '' Khan told IANS . When probed as to what was the question , Khan disconnected the call .
The comment comes in the wake of a debate which got intensified after southern actor Sri Reddy caused a stir by sitting semi-naked on a road in Hyderabad to protest against the casting couch menace in the film world .
Chowdhury supported Khan , saying : `` Yes , it is the bitter truth . The whole film industry may get up in arms against me . It 's just not in the film industry also , this happens everywhere in work spaces with women . It happens everywhere . So , do n't imagine that the Parliament is immune or some other work space is immune . It 's not .
`` This happens with women everywhere . If you look at the western world today , established top actores have taken this long to come out and say 'Me too ' . It 's time India stood up and say 'Me too ' . ''
From the film fraternity , Bollywood star Ranbir Kapoor said they have never faced the casting couch , but it is `` worse '' if it exists . And Richa Chadha felt the media was blowing Khan 's statement out of proportion as what they meant was why was Bollywood being singled out when it happens everywhere .
Filmmaker Ashoke Pandit slammed Khan .
`` I did n't expect such derogatory and uncalled for statements from a veteran like Saroj Khan and totally condemn it . Our entertaiment industry , like all other industries respects women . Exploitation of women is a crime and should be fought in all spheres of life , '' Pandit tweeted .
Actress Shruti Seth wrote : `` The right intent but very , very wrong words . Again , women are made incumbent to stop injustice against themselves and men have been absolved of their participation . Stop the practice of sexual exploitation . In whichever industry it exists , it 's wrong .
Sophie Choudry commented : `` So much respect for Sarojji as a choreographer but this is how they use their position to protect girls ? If I did n't come from a financially sound background , I would have returned to London within a month of being in Mumbai because of industry folk who think like that . `` ( IANS )
ARLINGTON , Va. -- The Washington Capitals have acquired forward Tyler Graovac from the Minnesota Wild for a 2018 fifth-round pick .
Capitals general manager Brian MacLellan announced the trade Wednesday night . The deal gives Washington a second forward under contract for next season to satisfy the minimum exposure requirements for the upcoming Vegas Golden Knights expansion draft .
Because they have Graovac , the Capitals can protect center Lars Eller .
Graovac has one year left on their contract at a salary-cap hit of $ 625,000 . They played 52 games for Minnesota last season , scoring two goals and adding two assists .
In addition to helping with the expansion draft , the 24-year-old could be a fit on cap-strapped Washington 's roster next season .
Staff Reporter
Punjab University Dean Faculty of Life Sciences and former registrar Prof Dr Muhammad Naeem Khan has been awarded the YKSUG Visiting Professor Fellowship by the Yanka Kupala State University of Grodno , Belarus .
According to the Ministry of Education , Republic of Belarus YKSUG Visiting Professor Fellowship is awarded to help improve bilateral academic linkages and research collaborations between Belarusian and Pakistani universities .
Under the fellowship , Prof Naeem Khan visited Grodno University from November 27 to December 2 , 2017 and gave a series of seminars and guest lectures to the graduate students , besides holding academic cooperation meetings with various university officers , including Prof. Yury Bialykh , Vice Rector ; Prof. Vasilij Burd , Dean , Faculty of Biology & Ecology and Ms. Elena Nazaruk , Director , International Relations , Yanka Kupala State University of Grodo , Belarus .
PU Vice Chancellor , Prof Dr Zafar Mueen Nasar has congratulated Prof Naeem Khan on receiving the Belarusian academic fellowship .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man went weak at the knees with laughter when they discovered the king of all lookalikes .
The amateur footballer is convinced he 's found Prince George 's likeness in a photo of a woman 's knees .
Chris Murphy scrambled to take a snap of the royal resemblance as they passed through Hindley , Greater Manchester , on their way to a match .
The 30-year-old said the uncanny likeness left a car full of grown men 'crying with laughter ' as they passed the unknown woman in the street .
Handsome Prince George , now aged three and third-in-line to the throne , has won a host of admirers thanks to their public appearances with parents Prince William and Kate Middleton .
( Photo : Mercury Press )
Chris , from Skelmersdale , Lancashire , said : `` I could n't believe what I was seeing .
`` I had to get the lads to slow down in the car so I could get a picture .
The Queen is feeling 'better ' says Princess Anne , as royals attend Sandringham church service without them
`` This woman was just stood there having a cig and I saw their knees and straight away I could see a baby 's face .
`` The more I looked at it the more I knew I recognised it as someone . It 's the spitting image of Prince George .
( Photo : WireImage )
`` There were six of us in the car on the way to football and we were all doubled over laughing at this woman 's knees .
`` Grown men . It was hilarious .
`` I had to zoom right in to do it justice .
Princess Diana saw George Michael as 'one of the girls ' thanks to their flirty banter
`` The eyes and the mouth are all there . All he 's missing is a little crown .
`` She just looked like an ordinary woman in their 40s stood outside a shop .
( Photo : Tim Rooke/Rex )
`` She was probably wondering what on earth we were all laughing at . ''
Chris , a fibreglass laminator , was travelling with their Tanner Athletic teammates on the way to a game against HMP Hindley on Saturday when they noticed the novelty knees .
Their team went on to record a 3-2 victory - but all the talk in the changing rooms was about Prince George 's doppelgänger .
From Prince Harry 's new girlfriend to Adam Johnson 's journey to jail - Mirror photographers ' pictures of the year
Chris said : `` We were in absolute bits all afternoon about it and then we went and won on the pitch too .
`` That 's all you want from your Saturdays really . A bit of banter and three points .
( Photo : Mercury Press )
`` All I remember about them was their knees .
`` I genuinely did a double take at first because it was so clear . I was in tears .
`` I sat down and looked at with my dad later on and we both agreed it looked like Prince George . ''
ISLAMABAD , June 15 ( APP ) : Prime Minister Muhammad Mawaz Sharif arrived here Thursday to appear before the Joint Investigation Team ( JIT ) set up by the Supreme Court to probe Panama Papers case .
They were accompanied by Chief Minister Punjab Shahbaz Sharif and son
Hussain Nawaz . They waved to the large number of party workers gathered outside the venue to show solidarity with the Prime Minister .
The prime minister 's sons Hassan Nawaz and Hussain Nawaz had already appeared before the JIT and recorded their statements .
Hundreds of the PML-N leaders and workers gathered outside the Federal Judicial Academy building to express solidarity with the prime minister .
Strict security arrangements were made around the Academy building with multiple tiers of security cordons .
Pacific Rim : Uprising knows how you like your robots : Huge , and piloted by John Boyega speaking in their actual English accent . Also it knows how you like your Kaiju monsters — larger than ever before and with “ evolved ” abilities .
The new trailer of the movie makes the sequel to Guillermo Del Toro 's loving mega monster flick look like a very , very fun ride that succeeds by embracing fully what it is , and generally rollicking in giant-scale combat among city fixtures .
Things look perhaps a bit more Power Rangers here than in the first movie , but that 's not necessarily a bad thing . Even so , things could still go very wrong with this sequel — but let 's hope it goes very well and we get Pacific Rim sequels forever in perpetuity . I basically want it to be the Fast & Furious of the Kaiju genre .
TORONTO — Despite watching their team win 7-2 in Winnipeg to kick off the season , Mike Babcock wants to see improvements in Saturday 's home opener against the New York Rangers .
The Maple Leafs coach reeled off how many penalties Toronto took Wednesday night , making for a rocky opening against the Jets .
Babcock wants to see what they call a commitment to doing things right .
It looks like defenceman Calle Rosen and centre Dominic Moore will come in Saturday for Andreas Borgman and Eric Fehr .
Staff Reporter
Karachi
Aimed at facilitating customers seeking new electricity connections and promote energy conservation practices , Karachi Electric ( KE ) has set up facilitation stall at the 4th Association of Builders and Developers of Pakistan ( ABAD ) Expo 2017 .
KE facilitation stall at ABAD Expo 2017 created a direct interaction opportunity between KE team and customers regarding pertinent information on acquiring new power connections . During the exhibition , KE also raised public awareness around energy conservation and actively promoted energy efficiency initiatives .
Per KE spokesperson , “ In line with KE 's customer centric approach and commitment towards promoting energy conservation practices , we are glad to be a part of this exhibition today . Our collaboration with ABAD is yet another testament of KE 's unwavering commitment to greater consumer care and further strengthens our position as a progressive power utility . We will continue to extend all possible support to ABAD in the future as well . ”
KE offers a wide range of customer care touch points from call center , centralized handling of complaints via web to dedicated customer care offices in 29 IBCs . In addition , KE also offer live chat service via SMS and complaint resolution 24/7 via email and social media forums . The power utility mobilizes mobile vans across the city to facilitate consumers at their doorstep . K-Electric is also committed to energy conservation and carries out a robust public awareness campaign to help preserve the country 's precious resources . To date more than 1.3 million consumers have been reached through these campaigns , including more than 50,000 school children .
THE Irish Chamber Orchestra opens its season in Limerick with a choral collaboration with Chamber Choir Ireland , marking the 800th anniversary of the arrival of the Magna Carta .
Conducted by Paul Hillier , They will perform ‘ A Letter of Rights ' , a large-scale work for choir and orchestra , alongside Handel 's ‘ Dixit Dominus ' .
‘ A Letter of Rights ' , commissioned by Salisbury Cathedral in 2015 , saw UK composer Tarik O'Regan team up with American poet and librettist Alice Goodman to create this exciting new work .
Continue reading below ...
Based in New York , O'Regan has already been recognised with two GRAMMY® nominations , British Composer Awards and their work has featured on more than 30 albums .
For this piece , O'Regan “ was drawn in particular to the idea of poise , something which came directly from Alice 's libretto… the extremely intricate way in which parchment was made in 1215 ( and which Alice references beautifully in their text ) , but also the delicate nature of the very language which was written upon that parchment 800 year ago , and its subsequent interpretations . ”
At St. Mary 's Cathedral on Saturday February 25 8pm .
Tickets and information www.irishchamberorchestra.com
Share this : Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google
More
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Digg
Pinterest
Reddit
LinkedIn
Category : Arts , Entertainment , Lifestyle
Police : 1 Suspect In Custody In N.Y . Subway Blast An explosion in a subway station tunnel beneath the New York Port Authority bus terminal shook up Midtown Manhattan on Monday morning . The NYPD reports one suspect in custody .
At four-tonnes in weight , nearly 20ft tall and nine metres long , Featherstone 's war horse is not easy to manoeuvre .
But the steel sculpture which was crafted down in Bristol , underwent a 200 mile journey on the back of a low-load truck yesterday to reach pastures new in Featherstone .
The sculpture is lifted into place .
At around 3pm the majestic creation was safely placed in its long-term home .
Local families , members of Featherstone Town Council and representatives from the Royal British Legion watched on as the horse was lifted several feet into the air by crane , moved over a hedge and lowered to the ground in Mill Pond Meadow .
The memorial sculpture now stands tall above 353 trees , each one commemorating a Featherstone man who lost their lives during the First World War .
Visitors can walk underneath it as they make their way around the meadow , which is designed to be a place of peace , remembrance and reflection .
Read more : 20ft war horse sculpture rides 200 miles to Featherstone
Something unexpected could affect your life in a personal way . Remain optimistic that you will figure out a way to straighten out this situation . Refusing to face the problem or being stubborn might not work . Identify with the other parties involved . Tonight : Fun and games .
You might feel more balanced than you have in a while . Sometime during the day , some anger could arise from out of nowhere . You need to be careful as to what words you say ; otherwise , you will need to make amends , which could be difficult . Tonight : Slow down .
IF TODAY IS YOUR BIRTHDAY : This year you often have an effect on others . You also are very much your own person . If you decide to go in a desired direction , nothing can stop you . Remember that ! If you are single , be smart and avoid the classic pitfall of dating someone you work with . You will be a lot happier if you do . In the next few months , you could meet someone highly desirable , if you have n't already . If you are attached , work on your flexibility , and you might discover that your sweetie does the same . Keep your distance from TAURUS , as they or they are even more stubborn than you are !
You sense that the less said the better . You have been gaining some insight over the past few years . Trust in your ability to handle the issue at hand . It is normal to feel discouraged at times ; let the wave of doubt wash right over you . Tonight : Visit with a favourite friend .
You might be more emotional than you realize . You can not keep postponing events . Resolve the issue , at least for yourself , so it no longer runs your life . Honour a fast change of pace , but note what motivates you to switch gears . Tonight : Remain flexible and understanding .
LEO ( July 23-Aug. 22 )
You could be pushing yourself very hard to meet your expectations . You are your harshest critic ; try being easier on yourself . A higher-up might make a demand that you are n't ready to meet just yet . Examine new possibilities . You have a lot going for you . Tonight : Relax at home .
VIRGO ( Aug. 23-Sept. 22 )
You could be a lot more uptight than usual . Make a call and arrange to meet up with a friend for lunch . Once you gain a fresh perspective , you will not be so tense . In fact , by the end of the day , you might even laugh at what has occurred . Tonight : Distract yourself .
LIBRA ( Sept. 23-Oct. 22 )
You work well in partnerships . You have the special gift of making others feel important and cared about . Expect today to be heavy on one-on-one relating . You ca n't help but charm those around you . Nevertheless , you sense a certain ambivalence . Tonight : All smiles .
SCORPIO ( Oct. 23-Nov. 21 )
Your intensity generally lures others toward you . Finally , you 'll meet someone who has the same effect on you . Use the power of your eyes and your smile , and you will like the results . You will enjoy spending time with this person . Tonight : Do n't give in to insecurity .
SAGITTARIUS ( Nov. 22-Dec. 21 )
You could be much crankier than you realize . Understand what is causing this type of discomfort , and try to find a solution quickly . Otherwise , it is likely created distance between you and others . Try to avoid unnecessary discomfort . Tonight : Think rather than act impulsively .
CAPRICORN ( Dec. 22-Jan. 19 )
Do n't cause a problem for yourself when there need not be one . Allow your creativity to emerge and play into your day . You could even enjoy the unexpected ! The only person who can stop you is you . Make the most of the moment . Tonight : Let the real fun begin !
AQUARIUS ( Jan. 20-Feb. 18 )
You might feel as if you are put on the spot . As a result , you are likely to feel pressured to do what someone else desires . You could feel as if you ca n't get past a boundary . You also seem to have difficulty recognizing people who act out in destructive ways . Tonight : Close to home .
PISCES ( Feb. 19-March 20 )
Do not hesitate to speak your mind . You will take a stand regardless of whether someone else expresses strong resistance or defiance . At least you 'll know where this person is coming from . The less said at the moment , the better . Tonight : Hang out with a close friend or loved one .
BORN TODAY : Actress Halle Berry ( 1966 ) , gunfighter Doc Holliday ( 1851 ) , basketball player Magic Johnson ( 1959 )
www.jacquelinebigar.com
About the Author : Dan Soko
Dan Soko is a short story author and web content editor . They have work appearing or forthcoming in over a dozen venues , including GhanaScoop , Nigeria Daily News and CapitalBay . When he 's not frightening strangers with their post and writing , he 's most likely frightening their wife Mimi and their two mischievous cats : Buttons and Snaps . You can visit them at www.ghananation.com/author/webby .
CHARLOTTESVILLE , VA.—The mother of the woman killed when a car plowed into a crowd of people protesting a white nationalist rally in Virginia said they do n't want people to be angry about their daughter 's death . Instead , they said they want people to continue their daughter 's fight against injustice in a peaceful way .
“ I miss them so , so much , but I 'm going to make their death worth something , ” Susan Bro told The Associated Press in an interview Monday .
Bro described their daughter , Heather Heyer , as a courageous , stubborn , and principled woman who was a firm believer in justice and equality who died Saturday for those beliefs . Bro said they would prefer to grieve in private , but felt compelled to try to follow their daughter 's example .
“ Let 's take from their death that we 're going to move forward in conversation . We 're going to move forward in understanding and listening to one another and seeing how we can come together , ” Bro said .
Heyer , 32 , was among the hundreds of protesters who had gathered in Charlottesville to decry what was believed to be the largest gathering of white supremacists in a decade — including neo-Nazis , skinheads and Ku Klux Klan members — who descended on the city to rally against plans to remove a Confederate statue .
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United attacker Juan Mata celebrated their goal against West Ham with an unfamiliar face - after a fan invaded the London Stadium pitch to hug the Spaniard .
Mata 's 63rd-minute strike gave Jose Mourinho 's side the lead in Stratford as they swept the ball home from a Marcus Rashford centre .
They wheeled away to celebrate in front of United 's supporters but one man was n't content with watching their heroes celebrate from afar and leaped over the advertising hoardings to grab Mata .
United 's No 8 was unperturbed by the fan 's advances as they continued celebrating the crucial goal for their team .
( Photo : Getty Images )
( Photo : Getty Images )
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
Zlatan Ibrahimovic doubled the visitors ' lead late on from an offside position in a match which was plagued by poor officiating .
West Ham played the majority of the game with 10 men after Mike Dean 's atrocious decision to dismiss Sofiane Feghouli after 15 minutes for a challenge on Phil Jones .
The 2-0 win sees Mourinho 's men move to within one point of a top four spot ahead of their next Premier League game against Liverpool in just under two weeks ' time .
United face Reading in the FA Cup on Saturday before hosting Hull in the first leg of their EFL Cup semi-final the following Tuesday .
Liverpool , currently second in the top flight , are the visitors to Old Trafford on Sunday , January 15 .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Jose Mourinho reacts to Man United 's win over West Ham Share this video Watch Next
Joe Maddon gets tricky , putting four players in the outfield , but Joey Votto hits it down the first-base line and cruises to second with an easy double . ( 0:27 )
There are only three positions in baseball that have the force of law behind them .
The pitcher really is the pitcher ; once they come into a game , they must face at least one batter before they can be replaced by another pitcher . The catcher really is the catcher ; they have to set up in the area behind home plate , and if he 's not in that area when the pitch is delivered , the pitcher is charged with a balk . And the first baseman really is the first baseman , as they are the only player allowed to wear a special glove . There are rules about where these guys can stand .
Everything else is just a suggestion . As with Ikea instructions , you 're totally free to ignore them and build the thing however you like . It might fall apart , but if you can make it work , there 's a Pinterest page waiting to celebrate you .
On Monday , when Joey Votto batted in the fifth inning of the Cincinnati Reds ' 15-5 loss to the Chicago Cubs , opposing manager Joe Maddon decided to go off book . They sent their third baseman Kris Bryant into the outfield :
Cubs using four outfielders for Votto # reds pic.twitter.com/9xJ7GRBAhZ — Mark Sheldon ( @ m_sheldon ) August 15 , 2017
We might remember this as a freak show moment , a one-time thing that cutesy Maddon tried because is n't they precious . One-time thing or not , though , it should be taken more seriously than that . Baseball is having a serious conversation with itself right now , and this is an important moment in that conversation . Whether Maddon ever employs a four-man outfield again , we might trace something else back to this moment .
We might also wonder , simultaneously , why Maddon tried it here of all times .
Votto is an odd candidate for the treatment . They are not an extreme fly ball or line drive hitter . Their fly ball rate ( 40 percent ) is five percentage points above the league overall but trails true fly ball hitters like Joey Gallo ( 58 percent ) and Cody Bellinger ( 49 percent ) . Despite an ability to go foul pole to foul pole , they are n't particularly damaging with their fly balls -- at least , with those that stay in the park . Their batting average on fly balls in play over the past four years is only .080 , which is roughly the league average . He 's not a very fast runner , so there 's no extra pressure on outfielders to cut balls off quickly to hold them to a single .
By moving an infielder to the outfield , the Cubs took away the chance to put on an infield shift , and Votto is a hitter against whom the shift has been very effective . Over the past three years they have faced 652 shifts , according to Baseball Info Solutions , and hit 53 points lower against the shift than against a more traditional infield alignment .
They were facing Jose Quintana , who is a moderately groundball-oriented pitcher . Quintana is also a lefty , whom Votto is less dangerous against than righties . ( Votto had grounded out twice Monday night before the fifth inning . ) And , for good measure , Wrigley Field is n't even a spacious outfield . By square footage , it 's slightly smaller than the median pastures .
Finally , the Cubs were up by five . They were trading a much higher likelihood of a single for a much lower likelihood of extra bases . The score would say their priorities should have been otherwise .
I can name four points in favor of the call :
With one out and nobody on , a single is a little less harmful than usual and a double is a little more harmful than usual , so the base/out state was favorable . With a five-run lead , it 's a fairly safe time to try something you 've always wanted to try . It 's fun , which is n't something you can usually say about facing Votto . Because ... Votto has hit 354/.473/.628 against the Cubs since Maddon took over as manager . At a certain point , a reasonable human is willing to try almost anything .
These are the things you think about when deciding whether it 's time for the four-man outfield . I happen to know a bit about it . A couple summers ago , Ben Lindbergh and I ran baseball operations for an independent minor league team . One of our beliefs was that positions are a social construct ; one of our hypotheses was that we could do better . In select spots , we used both a five-man infield and a four-man outfield in regular ( i.e . non-walkoff ) game situations .
The five-man infield was the much scarier call to make . It left a huge part of the field exposed , and if the batter beat the alignment , they would n't just get a single ( as they would beating an extreme infield shift ) but a triple . Realistically , perhaps , even an inside-the-park home run .
Editor 's Picks Power Rankings : Red Sox , Cardinals soar toward the top Could a 2013 World Series rematch be in the cards ? Boston is riding high in the AL East while St. Louis powered its way back among the contenders . Plus , what other teams made big moves up or down ?
Why we should all root for an Astros-Dodgers World Series The numbers are n't just powerful -- they 're overwhelming . Houston and Los Angeles in the Fall Classic would be a clash of the titans that could make baseball history . 1 Related
The four-man outfield , on the other hand , was fairly low-risk . It would most likely cost only a single if it backfired , and the area that the alignment left exposed ( opposite-field groundballs ) is one that defenses are generally willing to concede to pull hitters these days anyway . But if it was n't as scary , it also offered a lot less benefit . While tons of groundballs sneak through the holes in the infield ( about a quarter of them ) , the vast majority of fly balls ( about 91 percent ) are already caught . The hits that go to the outfield tend to be either line drives in front of outfielders -- for which a four-man alignment like the Cubs used would offer little help -- or dingers , which , ditto .
In both cases , we made the decision because the spray charts told us it would make sense . But the more compelling reason for both the five-man infield and the four-man outfield was that we were facing batters we could n't think of anything else to do . Our team kept trying to play regular defense against them and we kept failing . So we tried irregular defense . It 's allowed !
Maddon 's move on Monday night matters because it reminds baseball of those two words : It 's allowed . There 's no reason to stand three guys in the outfield and four in the infield except that you believe it 's the best way to do things . Usually it will be . Virtually , it always will be . But to do it that way , you should believe it 's the best way to do things , and to believe that confidently requires constantly reassessing and constantly ruling out the alternative . Because there might very well be exceptions .
My guess is that , within a couple decades , we 'll see corner outfielders routinely swap spots depending on who is batting ; perhaps corner infielders , too . My guess is we 'll see five-man infields when pitchers bat , particularly when the pitcher is expected to bunt . My dumb dream is that we 'll see this dumb thing :
Sam Miller
Or maybe not . But the key to all of these is the acceptance that the law only has power over three positions . Everybody else is just a fielder , paid to stand where they can catch the most baseballs .
For the record , Votto doubled .
They doubled right past first baseman Anthony Rizzo , who might very well have been shaded that one extra step over if the Cubs had used a regular infield shift instead . Of course , the `` regular '' infield shift used to be considered pretty irregular , even radical . Nowadays , when the third baseman jogs over and stands in shallow right field , almost as far away from third base as they can go without getting light-headed , nobody even blinks . Third base is just a suggestion .
When Dating In The Era Of Divisive Politics , Both Sides Stick To Themselves
Enlarge this image toggle caption dane_mark/iStock dane_mark/iStock
They say opposites attract . But these days , maybe not so much .
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply .
`` This was like a dealbreaker for me , '' says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area . `` If you are Trump supporter , I 'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee . ''
It 's not just an issue of party politics , Jagosz says . It 's about core values . Love , they say , can not conquer all .
`` If you do n't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that 's OK — I do n't wan na date you if you think that behavior 's OK , '' Jagosz says . `` If that 's not a dealbreaker for you , then you and I have nothing to talk about . ''
As another single put it in their profile , `` Red hats need not apply . ''
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with `` Make America Great Again '' — have been feeling the same way .
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted them to launch TrumpSingles.com .
`` Yeah , it 's both ways , '' Goss says . `` You know , like a liberal does n't want to date a Nazi . And a republican does n't want to date , well , a whiny snowflake , and that 's what they 're viewing each other as . ''
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they 're sick of the `` lefties '' refusing to even give them a chance .
Trump Supporters Evaluate The First 3 Weeks Of President Trump Trump Supporters Evaluate The First 3 Weeks Of President Trump Listen · 11:12 11:12
`` [ The liberals ] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh , you must be a racist ; oh , you must be a homophobe ; oh , you must be a misogynist , ' `` Goss says . `` They 're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them . ''
Helen Fisher , the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com , says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum .
`` There 's a real distinct difference that we 're seeing today , and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views , '' they say .
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum . And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around .
`` I think it 's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK , you like this person , well , you must be like that person then , ' `` Fisher says . `` America is taking this very , very personally . No question about it . ''
Looking back now , it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993 .
As Carville famously put it once , `` You can love the sinner and hate the sin . ''
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree .
But today , singles seem to be saying they just ca n't do that .
`` I mean , I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other , but it 's just not going to work that way , '' Goss says .
Their Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members . LiberalHearts.com , founded by Salvatore Prano , is up to nearly 50,000 .
`` There 's more activity now than ever , '' Prano says . `` I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other 's arms . ''
But there is one other option for lonely liberals . Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com , a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians `` to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency . '' Goldman became their own first client .
`` I ca n't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [ after the election ] , '' they say . `` That 's not the country I want to live in . So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values , like Canada . ''
It may be better than the alternative . According to the new Match.com survey , a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all .
Published :
At the APC Mega rally in Owerri , Imo state earlier today , Governor Okorocha said the Igbos who never believed in President Buhari when they were campaigning for president in 2015 , have declared to support them in 2019 .
President Buhari will be seeking re-election in 2019 . Speaking at the rally , Okorocha said . '' Igbos never believed in Buhari in 2015 but 2019 Igbos have declared for Buhari , ” .
Okorocha , who is also the Chairman of the Progressives Governors Forum ( PGF ) , used the opportunity to correct the impression that APC is not recognised in the South East .
“ We also want to correct the impression that there is no APC in the South East which has led to some of our leaders in Abuja negotiating with the governors in the South East to vote for Buhari for President to gain their support in return .
Ladies and gentlemen , that act can best be described in the Rochas dictionary as an act of Iberiberism . If anybody wants to support APC , it must be total . There is no partial support for APC for President and support the governor differently. ” they said
Share This
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Have your say
RFL interim chief executive Ralph Rimmer believes the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup semi-finals ' presence will be “ elevated ” when staged as a double-header for the first time .
The Wembley finalists will be decided this year when all four teams play at Macron Stadium , Bolton on Sunday August 5 with both games live on the BBC .
There has been three World Club Challenges held at the venue previously and the same number of Test matches between 1998 and 2007 .
Rimmer said : “ The Ladbrokes Challenge Cup is one of the most prestigious competitions in sport and the introduction of a semi-finals double header is a fantastic opportunity to showcase two of the biggest games of the year at one event .
“ Fans rarely get the chance to watch two games on one day that have so much riding on them .
“ We believe this unique event will offer another opportunity for the sport to showcase itself to a wider audience of event goers and casual sports fans .
“ By creating the double header we feel we will elevate the games and create a memorable experience for all those involved . ”
The first semi-final will kick off at 12.30pm with the second game starting at 2.45pm .
Phillip Bernie , Head of TV Sport , BBC , said they had been working with the governing body for some time on what will be a “ five hour feast of rugby league ” .
Leeds Rhinos welcome back Joel Moon , Matt Parcell , Carl Ablett and Anthony Mullally for tomorrow 's Cup quarter-final against Leigh Centurions .
However , they have lost Brett Delaney and Jack Ormondroyd to injuries suffered in Saturday 's defeat in Perpignan .
Castleford Tigers have recalled prop Will Maher from a season-long loan at Halifax ahead of tomorrow 's Super League game at Hull KR .
They could make their first appearance of the season for the club along with Kieran Gill and Tuoyo Egodo while Greg Eden and Joe Wardle return from injury .
After last week 's loss against St Helens , Junior Moors , Greg Minikin and Ben Roberts miss out through injury along with ex-Hull KR prop James Green .
Wigan Warriors prop Ryan Sutton , 22 , has agreed a two-year deal with Canberra Raiders starting in 2019 .
by Christine Stuart | Apr 24 , 2018 11:58am Google ( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment | Share
Posted to : Veterans Affairs , Rocky Hill
HARTFORD , CT — Veterans Service Organizations from around the state gathered at the state Capitol Tuesday to continue their effort to restore $ 2 million to the Levitow Healthcare Center at the Department of Veterans ' Affairs Veterans ' Home at Rocky Hill .
The two-year budget adopted last October anticipated the state would modify the licensing requirements for the Levitow Healthcare Center portion of the state-run facility and save $ 2 million .
When the plan was scrapped it was discovered that the licensing change would actually jeopardize millions of dollars in federal reimbursements , and the plan was canceled .
“ In the original plan , there was never supposed to be an actual cut to the budget . The cost savings could n't be realized , but now they want the DVA to find it in their budget anyway ? The budget is cut to the bone as it is . If this keeps up , the DVA will cease to exist , ” Bob Priest , state commander of the Veterans of Foreign Wars , said .
The loss of $ 2 million would come on top of the 35 percent in budget cuts they 've experienced over the last decade .
“ When we took an oath to serve our country to protect the flag , the constitution , and the people of America we never stopped once we got out , ” Ed DeGumbia , state commander of the American Legion , said .
The more than 100 patients and about 30 residents at the state veterans home and hospital “ are not as fortunate as the rest of us , ” DeGumbia said .
DeGumbia said they have been reassured that the money would be restored .
“ It 's infuriating that the state is planning cuts that could put World War Two , Korean War , and Vietnam veterans on the street , ” DeGumbia said . “ We owe these folks such an incredible debt , and it makes me sick that this is how we are honoring their service . And what kind of message does it send to the men and women coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan ? Who would want to come home to Connecticut knowing that we could just turn our backs on them ? ”
Steve Kennedy , Connecticut Team Leader for Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , said they were concerned they would have to lose some wings of the hospital without the restoration of the funding .
Both the legislature 's Democratic and Republican spending proposals restored the funding , which will likely become part of the budget debate . However , the two sides have yet to get together to start negotiating the budget with 13 to 14 days left in the legislative session . The length of the legislative session may depend on how many weekend days lawmakers are willing to work before the May 9 adjournment .
Dan Thurston , chairperson of the Connecticut Military and Veterans Coalition , said Rocky Hill is a state asset .
“ It is unique and it has been around much more than a century and it is something that brings great value , ” Thurston said .
While there is stand alone legislation , the funding issue will likely be part of the budget decisions between legislative leaders , which could begin as early as today .
A government notification said in cases where Aadhaar number has not been assigned yet , the depositor have to submit proof of application of enrolment for Aadhaar . Photo : HT
New Delhi : After making Aadhaar mandatory for bank deposits , filing income-tax returns and applying for a permanent account number ( PAN ) , the government has made the unique identification number compulsory for all post office deposits , Public Provident Fund ( PPF ) accounts and the National Savings Certificate and Kisan Vikas Patra schemes .
In four separate notifications , the ministry of finance on Friday mandated the 12-digit unique ID number for establishing the identity of account holders . Existing depositors have been given time till 31 December to submit their Aadhaar numbers .
It is another step towards making the use of Aadhaar all-pervasive in a country where it is already being used to better target beneficiaries of some government subsidies and welfare programmes .
“ Provided that where Aadhaar number has not been assigned , the depositor shall submit proof of application of enrolment for Aadhaar , ” the notification dated 29 September said .
Existing depositors who have not provided the Aadhaar number at the time of application for such deposits “ shall submit their Aadhaar number to the post office savings bank or deposit office concerned , on or before December 31 , 2017 ” , it added .
There are more than 1.18 billion Aadhaar cardholders in the country .
Last month , the government extended the deadline for obtaining Aadhaar for availing government schemes and subsidies by three months to 31 December . Earlier , those who did not have Aadhaar were asked to enrol for one by 30 September .
As many as 135 schemes ( of 35 ministries ) including the free cooking gas to poor women , kerosene and fertilizer subsidy , targeted public distribution system and the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act will be covered by the extension .
Also , the last date for linking Aadhaar with PAN was again extended from 31 August to 31 December , according to an order dated 31 August issued by the Central Board of Direct Taxes .
Earlier this year , the government had made quoting one 's Aadhaar or Aadhaar enrolment ID compulsory while applying for a PAN , which is mandatory for filing tax returns , opening bank accounts and financial transactions beyond a threshold .
“ The very premise of Aadhaar is to make identification easier . Instead , people are not able to identify themselves without linking their other identity proofs such as PAN to Aadhaar . This shift is increasing hardships especially for the poor , ” said Pranesh Prakash , policy director at the Centre for Internet and Society , a Bengaluru-based think tank .
While the Supreme Court has settled the question of mandatory linking of Aadhaar with PAN card and its requirement for filing tax returns , all other issues surrounding Aadhaar will be heard by a three-judge constitution bench .
A total of 22 cases have been tagged to be heard by a constitution bench on Aadhaar . They challenge several aspects of Aadhaar and the use and sharing of data collected under the programme .
Among these challenges are those involving making Aadhaar mandatory for social welfare benefits , infringement of the right to privacy , and making Aadhaar mandatory for filing tax returns and for obtaining and retaining a PAN .
Priyanka Mittal contributed to this story .
Captain Ted German , a Team Leader with Detachment 1 of 2D Civil Affairs Group ( 2D CAG ) , teaches a class providing an overview of the Methode D'Elaboration de la Decision Operationalle , the French military planning process , at 2D CAG 's headquarters on Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling on February 12 , 2017 . Detachment 1 completed this training in preparation for the Detachment 's upcoming support of Exercise African Lion in Morocco in the spring of 2017 , during which the Detachment will conduct joint operations with units of the Royal Moroccan Armed Forces .
Prior to Capt German 's class , 2D CAG 's four detachments had executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12 on Marine Corps Base Quantico , completing training in convoy operations , key leader engagements , clinic assessment and medical capability , interpreter interaction and usage , night operations , patrolling , and cultural familiarization .
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group ( FHG ) . 2D CAG , along with its sister units of 1st , 3D , and 4th CAG , provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander 's objectives . 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force ( II MEF ) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade ( II MEB ) , as well as those commands ' subordinate units .
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.12.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID : 3166735 VIRIN : 160401-A-AB123-0099 Resolution : 640x480 Size : 75.67 KB Location : MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO , VA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [ Image 1 of 14 ] , by CPT Thomas Garnett , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Headlines : Special court to be set up in Jodhpur jail for verdict on Asaram Bapu today
A special court will be set up in Jodhpur jail for verdict on Asaram Bapu today . Watch to know more .
Police are searching for a 15-year-old Hull girl reported missing this morning
Kasey Herron was last seen at around 8.30pm yesterday on Wexford Avenue .
They are described as being white , 5ft 4ins tall , of slim build with short black hair . They were wearing a dark parka jacket with a fur collar , blue jeans and black trainers .
Anyone who has seen them is asked to call 101 quoting log six of 11/10/17 .
On Grand Manan , local residents are speaking out about the U.S. intervention , said Cook .
`` I guess the comment on the street would be : 'Typical American bullies , ' '' they said . `` They 're not happy about it , and they do n't think ( the Americans ) have any business doing this . ''
Cook said he 's never before seen border patrol agents in the area , where the U.S. Coast Guard typically patrols .
Global Affairs Canada distributed a brief statement saying it is investigating `` these incidents that occurred in Canadian waters . ''
Spokesman John Babcock said the Canadian government is also talking with U.S. agencies , though they did not provide details about the fishermen 's allegations or Ottawa 's response .
`` Canada 's sovereignty over the Machias Seal Island and the surrounding waters is long standing and has a strong foundation in international law , '' Babcock said .
`` Until the matter of the boundary is resolved , we will continue to take practical steps with the U.S. to ensure that the area is well managed . Canada and the U.S. have a long history of co-operation which ensures that fishing in this area is well-managed and safe for both countries . ''
The Grand Manan Fishermen 's Association issued a statement late Wednesday that used much the same language . As well , the group suggested the actions of the U.S. agents may have been routine .
`` We understand that a few Grand Manan fishermen were approached by the United State Border Services during the month of June . Our understanding is that this was a part of a regular exercise being conducted along the U.S. marine border . ''
The association said it has enjoyed a respectful and cordial relationship with its U.S. counterparts .
`` We look forward to continuing with that relationship , '' the group 's statement said .
ALDI has voluntarily recalled Chocecur Dark Chocolate Bars as a precautionary measure due to the potential of almond pieces in the product not listed on the packaging .
The product may cause an allergic reaction in customers who have a nut allergy .
ALDI has removed the affected product from its stores . The affected product has a best-by date of July 24 , 2018 .
The product was available in the following states : Ohio , Illinois , Indiana , Wisconsin , Iowa , Kentucky , West Virginia , New York , Pennsylvania , Michigan , Maryland , Washington D.C. , Virginia , Connecticut , Rhode Island , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Vermont , Georgia , South Carolina , North Carolina , Tennessee , Florida and Texas .
No illnesses related to the product has been reported .
No other ALDI products have been recalled .
Customers who have any questions about the recall , they can contact ALDI customer service at their website or at 1 ( 800 ) 325-7894 .
Copyright 2017 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Sreesanth to ignore BCCI orders and resume playing career
Sreesanth has launched a vehement attack on the BCCI and is set to play first division cricket .
@ kaushalraj7 by Kaushal Raj News 15 Feb 2017 , 10:50 IST
Sreesanth is refusing to give up on their playing career
What 's the story ?
After the BCCI laid a major roadblock on outcast seamer S Sreesanth 's comeback trail by refusing to issue a No Objection Certificate that would allow them to play club cricket in Scotland , the 34-year-old has massively hit out at the board and is set to defy orders and resume their playing career later this month .
Sreesanth is set to represent Ernakulam Cricket Club in a first division two-day game starting on the 19th of February .
Speaking to Hindustan Times , they said , “ When there is no official letter stating my life ban then why will the umpires stop me from playing ? All that I have received is a suspension letter when I was in Tihar jail . A suspension letter is valid only for 90 days . The BCCI has announced about my life ban only in the media . There is no official correspondence till date . I was stupid to have not played cricket for this long . The way I have been ill-treated is probably even worse than a terrorist . ”
Also read : Highest ever rating points for Kohli in the latest ICC rankings
The context
Sreesanth 's international career was rocked when they were charged for spot-fixing during the IPL 6 in 2013 . Though they were acquitted in September 2015 , the BCCI have not lifted the life ban they imposed on them after the spot-fixing charges .
The heart of the matter
Sreesanth was set to play for the Glenrothes Cricket Club in Scotland in a league starting in April , but their hopes were dashed by the BCCI . The pacer still clearly feels aggrieved by the way they have been treated by the BCCI .
Despite having admitted to the spot-fixing charges initially , Sreesanth claims , till date , that they were forced to sign confession statements . Their quotes claim that the entire episode has just been played out in front of the media and that the BCCI are yet to send them or any their state any official confirmation of their ban whatsoever , which would be a concern if proven true .
What 's next ?
The BCCI will be expected to release a statement with their official stance on the matter . It all appears to be a game of chess between Sreesanth and the board right now with the former trying to apply a bit of pressure on the latter .
Sportskeeda 's take
Having been a part of two World Cup-winning squads , the pacer still remains very popular amongst the fans and is using their popularity to make a statement in the media .
The BCCI has claimed theirs since day one that their verdict on levying a life ban on Sreesanth was due to a thorough internal study of the matter and However , if what Sreesanth says is true , and the BCCI are yet to offer any official communication of the ban to any party , then the pacer has a right to make a fuss about it .
This saga is surely set to play out for the next couple of months but one does n't expect the BCCI to change its stance . It would be remarkable if Sreesanth does go out and actually represent Ernakulam Cricket Club on the 19th February without any permission from the BCCI .
The regular season is over . The wild-card matchups are set .
So , # PulseOfTheNation has a few questions for you :
The Dolphins and Steelers faced off in Florida in October , with Miami winning 30-15 . The Raiders beat the Texans 27-20 at home in November , but that was with a healthy Derek Carr . The Packers beat the Giants 23-16 in Green Bay , Wisconsin , in October . The Lions and the Seahawks did not play each other during the regular season .
No matter what happens , we will have new conference champions ; the Super Bowl contestants from last season ( champion Denver Broncos and runner-up Carolina Panthers ) both missed the playoffs .
Empathetic 'Anatomy Of A Scandal ' Does Justice To A Dark Subject
Editor 's note : This review contains spoilers . Read on at your own risk .
Rape has become such a standard feature of crime novels that a literary prize was launched last month for the best thriller `` in which no woman is beaten , stalked , sexually exploited , raped or murdered . '' I felt weary recognition when I read about the Staunch Prize ; I could build a fortress out of all the rape thrillers I get sent in the mail each month . You know the types : For men , something about a hardbitten , boozy detective solving some gruesome rape and murder of a young blonde girl ; for women , a gauzy black cover , `` Girl '' or latterly , wokely , `` Woman '' in the title , maybe an unreliable narrator , possibly an abusive boyfriend . They stack up , and with them , a kind of exhaustion . `` Reading anything fun ? '' my friends will joke .
But within the world of books and TV where rape is a central plot point , there is a chasm between works that treat it with nuance , and ones that derive a dark energy from it , that try to make it part of the thrill . The difference is easy to see . Think of the barely-veiled eroticism of the rape scenes in Game of Thrones — the gold-lit tapestried bedrooms , the camera 's horrible , charged lingering on women 's quivering mouths and filling eyes . Perhaps the goal should n't be to stop writing about it , but to do it better .
Anatomy of a Scandal is in many ways the standard middlebrow crime fiction indicated by that familiar gauzy black cover — female protagonist with a hidden past , clear but not elegant writing , and persistent but mild suspense . But Sarah Vaughan , who was previously a reporter at the Guardian , brings a sustained attention and care to the subject that ensures rape is never played for thrills , instead delving into complicated questions of consent and criminality .
The plot centers around three women : Kate is an emotionally detached barrister who prosecutes sexual offenders . Them quarry is James Whitehouse , a politician accused of rape by Olivia , their young researcher and erstwhile mistress . Meanwhile , their privileged wife Sophie , who until then had been `` someone whose life has been as bright and solidly precious as a fat gold ingot , '' has to decide whom they believe .
We 're familiar with the standard masked rapist of fiction . As Kate notes at one point , `` Juries are keen to convict the predatory rapist , the archetypal bogeyman down a dark alley , yet when it comes to relationship rape , they 'd really rather not know , thank you very much . '' This is only just beginning to change , and Vaughan 's novel is interesting because it features a serial rapist who does n't seem to know they are one . Moreover , their victims had been attracted to them and did consent ( or would have ) to sex in other circumstances — meaning Anatomy of a Scandal is balanced on the edge of our shifting attitudes towards rape .
One of the novel 's other rich strains is the relationship between Kate and Sophie , who ( spoiler alert ) knew each other as undergraduates . Lesser authors might have set these women against each other , but Vaughan does something carefully subversive instead . In an early flashback to Kate and Sophie 's university days , we 're given a tableau of three people in an Oxford don 's office : Sophie is the pretty B-student crossing and uncrossing their legs for the professor , Kate is the smart , chubby girl in Doc Martens feeling overlooked , and the don is the renowned scholar sitting there eyeing Sophie 's legs .
'Anatomy of a Scandal ' cleverly and cleanly undercuts some of the queasy hallmarks of its genre .
It 's such a familiar setup : Hot girl versus deserving dweeb , vying for male approval . But instead of leaning into that ready-made cheerleader/nerd dynamic , and having us side with the nerd , Vaughan has Kate pipe up with a smart point — and then Sophie stops fussing with their legs and comes out with some good ideas , they have a good discussion , and then afterwards the two girls go off for tea . They become friends of sorts . What a wonderful , subtle bait and switch . The gross professor is beside the point . One girl does n't have to win at the other 's expense .
Anatomy of a Scandal is full of quietly revealing choices like that one , showing an empathetic and careful mind at work . `` I am tired of man 's inhumanity to man . '' Kate thinks . `` Or rather , their inhumanity to women and children . '' The reason rape saturates books , TV , and film is that women are beaten , stalked , sexually exploited , raped , and murdered in real life .
Fiction is one way we have of examining our culture , and processing our experiences . Anatomy of a Scandal cleverly and cleanly undercuts some of the queasy hallmarks of its genre , the things that so often make reading about rape feel like participating in our own degradation . While it still happens , we 'll keep reading and writing about it — in reckoning , in preparation , in fear , in anger — so we may as well read books that do it justice .
( ru ) Все права защищены ! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
( en ) All rights reserved ! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting , active hyperlink on www.contact.az required . Powered by © Contact Online news , 2007 -
Email : editor.contact.az @ gmail.com
Fairhope , Alabama PRIVATE COMPANY TO INSTALL FOR FIRST TIME After a controversy about how it was done last year , at its last meetin ...
Employers in the North should be morally obliged to go into local schools to make sure young people know about the range of possible jobs available to them , an influential former Treasury Minister has claimed .
Lord Jim O'Neill , one of the architects of the Northern Powerhouse concept , said many firms were failing to grasp the importance of going into schools and explaining what they do to students , particularly in disadvantaged areas .
The vice-chair of the Northern Powerhouse Partnership ( NPP ) , which represents business and civic leaders , said Britain ought to follow the example of Germany , where companies spend or are responsible for a fifth of the national education budget .
This week , a major report by the NPP urged businesses to mentor at least as many northern schoolchildren as they have employees in the region , a move which could benefit at least 900,000 young people aged 11 or older .
Speaking yesterday at a major conference in Leeds on education and skills , Lord O'Neill said the gap which needed to be bridged to reach this point was “ huge ” , in part due to the traditional approach taken to teaching and education . They pointed to the post-industrial former cotton and wool-producing towns in West Yorkshire as an example of areas where not enough employers were engaging with local schools .
“ How do many of these kids , particularly in more disadvantaged areas , have a clue about what is out there ? , ” they said .
It is a bit presumptuous from education providers and companies that these young people have their minds open from the right age about the range of possibilities they will have . Lord O'Neill
“ It is a bit presumptuous from education providers and companies that these young people have their minds open from the right age about the range of possibilities they will have .
“ Why not oblige employers to regard it is as part of their DNA ? There are many companies that do , but not nearly enough . In Germany it is part of their culture .
“ We are implying that companies should morally oblige themselves to do it , but maybe it is not crazy for the Government to consider guidelines or maybe consider a policy step on it , because it is really important ” .
Lord O'Neill was one of the speakers at yesterday 's Northern Powerhouse Conference 2018 : Education and Skills , held in Leeds . Other speakers included former head of Ofsted Sir Michael Wilshaw .
The aim of the event was to bring together key decision makers , MPs , business and elected leaders , as well as work and skills providers from across the North , to build consensus on how to deliver world-class education and job opportunities .
Judith Blake , leader of Leeds City Council , told the conference that like many other places in the North , the city had seen “ significant private sector job growth but a hollowing out of the labour market and growing skills gaps and shortages ” .
They said : “ Investing in our people is a priority for the North and our ambition is for a stronger and inclusive economy where all our citizens are equipped with skills that enable them to benefit from growth . ”
Coun Blake added : “ We want to see the North 's economy continue to grow in strength alongside additional investment and solutions that are specifically tailored to the North .
“ But we face the challenge of a highly centralised , complex and increasingly fragmented skills and employment support system .
“ Local leadership and control is essential to providing a coherent and accessible local offer that works with business to create a highly skilled workforce ready to access more and better jobs . ”
The NPP 's report this week argues that there is still a significant North-South divide in education .
Data shows the average GCSE score across eight subjects in 2016/17 among teenagers across the North was 45.1 , compared to an average of 48.6 in London .
Ed Cox , of the IPPR North think-tank , said the report “ highlights opportunities where we can learn from the successes of London ” .
But they said : “ We must remember that the London Challenge received as much as £40m per annum and , as the NAHT reported this week , under the new funding formula , per pupil funding in Barnsley is £4,729 compared with £7,840 in Hackney . ”
As Nepal steps up efforts to hold polls to local government bodies on May 14 in the face of opposition from the Madhesi Morcha , China has become the first country to offer assistance for the elections . India , which has been pushing for all stakeholders to join the electoral process , is still silent .... HindustanTimes 5:39:00 PM CEST
Seventy years ago India got its independence from the Brits , but that freedom did n't come without pain , as the country was severed in two and Pakistan was formed . Though the British censors banned any entertainment that encouraged independence , Indian cinema was right there recording the country 's highs and lows . But after a spate of such films , audience taste changed — the freedom struggle was deemed dreary and filmmakers turned to the subject only sporadically . Here are a dozen films that show the patriotic fervor and sorrow of Partition — which ones do you remember ?
Nastik ( 1954 )
In this Partition tale , a brother wreaks revenge on the priest who sold their sister into prostitution during the migration of people from the two sides . Starring Ajit and Nalini Jaywant and directed by comedian I.S.Johar , the heart-rending story mirrored the real-life upheaval in which children were separated from their families as huge waves of Hindus , Muslims and Sikhs suddenly were shifted from one country to another .
Veerapandiya Kattabomman ( 1959 )
The first Tamil-language film in Technicolor , “ Veerapandiya Kattabomman ” starred then-matinee idol Sivaji Ganesan as the titular war hero who fought the East India Co. , the trading company that ruled India before 1857 when the British took over .
Shaheed ( 1965 )
Based on the true story of Bhagat Singh , the martyr who took revenge on the British general who ordered a massacre of those celebrating Baisakhi at Jallianwala Bagh , a legend that is well known to Indians everywhere . The film starred Manoj Kumar , who would later take on the title of Mr. India . Supporting roles were played by titans of the Hindi film industry Nirupa Roy and Prem Chopra as Singh 's mother and best friend .
Garam Hawa ( 1974 )
The Partition tore apart families , neighborhoods , towns and states . This unforgettable story by Kaifi Azmi on post-Independence India about a Muslim family was directed by M.S . Sathyu and starred Balraj Sahni with a stellar ensemble including A.K . Hangal and Jalal Agha .
Junoon ( 1978 )
Shashi Kapoor is married to Shabana Azmi but obsessed with a young English girl while their brother-in-law is equally obsessed with the idea of freedom . Both are flirting with danger in Shyam Benegal 's pic based on Ruskin Bond 's “ A Flight of Pigeons ” set during the 1857 Soldiers Mutiny .
1942 : A Love Story ( 1994 )
Long before they were known to western audiences in “ Slumdog Millionaire , ” Anil Kapoor starred in this romance set against the background of Indians fighting for independence . Directed by Vidhu Vinod Chopra , the film was a box office success .
Bharati ( 2000 )
Gnana Rajasekharan 's film with Sayaji Shinde essaying the titular role of the revolutionary Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati was not a box office success , but it did pay homage to one of the few South Indian heroes of the Independence movement .
Lagaan ( 2001 )
Directed by Ashutosh Gowarikar and starring Aamir Khan , this film about Indians beating their colonial overlords in a cricket match won hearts and an Oscar nomination for foreign-language film . It featured stirring music by A.R . Rahman .
The Legend of Bhagat Singh ( 2002 )
Ajay Devgn toplines as the titular martyr . Indian maestro A.R . Rahman composed the songs and score .
Mangal Pandey ( 2005 )
Aamir Khan returns to a successful theme with this film based on a real-life hero of the 1957 Soldiers Uprising , this time under director Ketan Mehta , with music by A.R . Rahman , although the film was not as successful as “ Lagaan . ”
Rang de Basanti ( 2006 )
Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra 's film toggled between current-day students and those who fought for freedom in another hit for Aamir Khan , as they dipped into the Independence well again reuniting with A.R . Rahman .
Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey ( 2010 )
What happens when you ban kids from playing soccer ? They join up with a bunch of fighters and cause trouble for the rulers . Abhishek Bachchan and Deepika Padukone star in Ashutosh Gowariker 's true tale of the Chittagong Uprising of 1930 in which school children plan simultaneous attacks on the British overlords unbeknownst to their parents .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Bridge construction continues on the Rockwell Ave. bridge over Leggetts Creek in Scranton . Jason Farmer / Staff Photographer
Bridge construction continues on the Rockwell Avenue bridge over Leggetts Creek in Scranton .
Work on the bridge is expected to be complete by the beginning of July , Pennsylvania Department of Transportation spokesperson James May said in an email . Officials closed a stone arch bridge , built in 1905 , over Leggetts Creek near West Market Street on April 25 , 2012 , because of its crumbling , unsafe condition .
A replacement project that began Sept. 2 , 2014 , was supposed to take about 13 months to complete , with a new bridge to be done by Oct. 2015 . The old bridge was torn down , but PennDOT suspended work in March 2015 , when contaminated soil was found during excavation for new bridge footings .
PennDOT then redesigned footings to avoid excavation of contaminated soil . Work resumed later that year .
Salim Ahmed
Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif has said that International Volunteer Day provides a useful platform for saving human lives through effective , comprehensive and collective efforts during natural calamities .
In their message on International Volunteer Day , Shahbaz Sharif said that voluntary organizations and the people working for the persons facing difficulties deserve our accolades because helping the people in need is a high example of human values as the volunteers working without any interest or lust earn the benefits of both the worlds . The volunteers move forward to help the people in need without caring for their lives during natural calamities and disasters and work with zeal and passion which is a high virtue . Similarly , the volunteers perform their duties by rising above the barriers of culture , language and territorial boundaries by serving the humanity with passion . That is why , the character of organizations and the people engaged in different types of voluntary assignments enjoy a unique and exemplary status in the society . They said that role of volunteer organizations during catastrophic situations like floods and earthquakes is very important and the losses can be controlled during such eventualities by giving professional trainings to the volunteers . They said that we should also reiterate our commitment today that the organizations and the volunteers will be continuously encouraged by the society .
Meanwhile , Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif has said the whole nation has to be united to cope with the challenges faced by the country . The nefarious designs of the anti-social elements will have to be failed with the power of the unity and we all have to work collectively for national development and prosperity by setting aside internal disputes . Pakistan can not tolerate the politics of chaos in any condition and have to move forward by creating unity in our ranks . They said that they have always termed the public service as a noble cause and added that the people of the province have been selflessly served during the last more than four years .
They were talking to a delegation of Pakistan Muslim League-N. Shahbaz Sharif said that solid strategy has been adopted for the speedy development of the province adding that transparency and merit policy has been promoted as well . They said that supremacy of merit has been ensured in every sector and zero-tolerance policy has been adopted against corruption .
Warriors prop Ben Matulino has been suspended for one NRL match after pleading guilty to a shoulder charge in last week 's loss to Canberra .
Warriors prop Ben Matulino will sit out Friday 's NRL clash with South Sydney after copping a one-match ban for a shoulder charge .
Matulino , who will join Wests Tigers in 2018 , attracted the ire of the NRL judiciary for a shoulder charge on Canberra 's Elliott Whitehead late in their side 's 36-16 loss to the Raiders on Sunday in Auckland .
The 23-cap Kiwis front-rower made an early guilty plea and was duly slapped with a one-game ban on Tuesday .
The Warriors , who are well out of the NRL finals hunt and have lost six games on the trot , will name their squad for the Rabbitohs match later on Tuesday .
It was an eventful Friday when Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich called in for our scheduled interview . The group 's most recent album , “ Hardwired to Self Destruct , ” had been certified platinum that morning , and that night they played to more than 63,000 fans at Miami 's Hard Rock Stadium .
Then again , it was n't an unusual day for the world 's biggest hard rock band , which is also one of the most successful groups in history . Metallica reliably rakes in millions each year via its annual tours ( they 've toured every single year since 1982 ) , album sales ( they own their masters and sell hundreds of thousands each year via their Universal-distributed Blackened label ) and , since they buried the hatchet with the digital world by pacting with Spotify in 2012 , streaming services . Nearly two decades after the band waged war on Napster , Ulrich spoke with Variety about the ever-changing music business — and the little matter of them recently being knighted in their native Denmark .
How have your views on streaming and technology changed ?
I was having dinner with somebody yesterday and we were talking about the state of the music business and I do n't think it 's something you can control . “ How do you put records out ? How does it feel to be in a band ? How does the business side work ? ” All that stuff is something that is constantly evolving and the only thing you can do as an artist is sort of hold on and let the ride take you wherever the ride takes you . You have to adapt — if you do n't , and you do n't continue to evolve , you 're dead . Somebody else will take your place or you 're just gon na run into a creative stagnation . And I think as an artist that makes it much more interesting . When we put out our last record six months ago we had no idea what the f— we were doing , but that was part of what made it so interesting because it was almost like there was a creative process attached to releasing the record . The creative process did n't end with writing the songs and making the record : It was like releasing the record itself was a creative process , whereas 30 years ago it was just a formula you followed . So that 's kind of what 's cool about what 's happening in 2017 , all this is constantly evolving . For me but also the other guys in the band , we fear complacency , we fear being uninspired .
Given it is so different now how rewarding is it to have “ Hardwired ” go platinum ?
I do n't take anything for granted , so the fact that we could sell a million copies of this record in 2017 is an amazing thing and we 're really appreciative and psyched about that . It 's great , but even beyond that is the fact that people are really responding to the music . I think this is our best-received record in 25 years and people want to hear more songs live when we 're playing . We get , “ You should play more of the new record. ” I 've never heard that in our 35 years as a band ! It 's really cool , the way both fans and newcomers have taken to this record .
You were just knighted in Denmark — what was that like ?
First of all , it was a surprise — I did n't know it was gon na happen . I was at a dinner party with the Crown Prince of Demark and about 40 other Danish [ VIPs ] , and all of a sudden they started talking about a special talent in the room and I was like , “ Who the hell is they talking about ? ” Then I realized they were talking about me , so I tried to hide under the table , but to no avail : They pulled out the cross and the whole thing , and it was very humbling , but I was completely unprepared for it . It was a little bizarre , but it was awesome .
Playing in front of their hometown fans will give Real Madrid an edge , coach Zinedine Zidane says . ( GERARD JULIEN / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
MADRID—If Bayern Munich is to have any chance of a sixth straight semifinal appearance in the Champions League it will have to do something that only one team has achieved this season — defeat Real Madrid at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium . Winning in Madrid is no easy task and even a 1-0 victory on Tuesday will not be enough after a 2-1 first-leg , quarterfinal loss in Munich . Celta Vigo 's 2-1 win in the Copa del Rey in January gave Madrid its only loss in 23 games at the Santiago Bernabeu this season , where Zinedine Zidane 's team has won 15 times and drawn five . In the Champions League , the defending European champions have n't lost at home in 12 consecutive matches , winning nine of the last 10 . “ The fans will be more important than ever , ” Zidane said on Monday . “ Our fans always give us a plus , especially in games like this one . ”
Article Continued Below
Bayern has only managed two wins in 12 matches against Madrid at the Bernabeu . “ We 'll go there and try to turn the tide , ” Bavaria defender Philipp Lahm said . “ It wo n't be easy , we 're the underdogs . But we 'll have a chance to win in Madrid. ” Madrid had most of its regular starters available for the loss to Celta in the Copa del Rey quarterfinals , when it could n't come back after conceding two goals on counterattacks in the second half . Madrid was eventually eliminated 4-3 on aggregate after a 2-2 draw in Vigo .
“ We will need to have a great game and be very strong , ” Zidane said . “ We will go out to win the game and we 'll not gamble . The first leg is already in the past and we know the difficulties Bavaria can create. ” Madrid is trying to become the first team to defend the title since the competition 's new format was created in 1992-93 . Madrid defeated city rival Atletico Madrid in the final both in 2014 and 2016 . “ It 'll be a great game , ” said Bayern coach Carlo Ancelotti , who led Madrid to the 2014 title . “ We believe in ourselves and we 'll give it everything. ” Only two teams have reversed a first-leg home loss in Champions League history — when Inter Milan eliminated Bayern in 2010-11 and Ajax got past Panathinaikos in 1995-96 . Bayern had been the dominant home team in the Champions League until last week 's loss ended its run of 16 consecutive home wins in the competition . Cristiano Ronaldo scored both goals for Madrid in the come-from-behind win in the first leg , becoming the first player to reach 100 goals in European competition . They are three short of the 100th-goal mark in the Champions League . The Portuguese forward was among the Madrid players rested by Zidane in Saturday 's 3-2 win at Sporting Gijon in the Spanish league , a result that kept Los Blancos ahead of Barcelona in the standings . Madrid forward Gareth Bale will not play on Tuesday because of a right leg injury . Defenders Pepe and Raphael Varane also have been ruled out because of injuries . Forward Robert Lewandowski , who is recovering from a right shoulder injury that ruled them out of the first leg , should be available for Bavaria . The Poland striker has scored 38 goals across all competitions this season . “ I 'm doing well , ” said Lewandowski , who trained with the rest of the squad on Sunday . Bavaria teammates Mats Hummels and Jerome Boateng also have been nursing injuries , while Javi Martinez is suspended .
Over the weekend , Mark Gurman at Bloomberg reported that Apple has apparently built out a microLED display laboratory in California for testing and manufacturing small batches of the next-generation screen technology , presumably for its iPhone and other devices . Apple had previously acquired microLED startup LuxVue in 2014 .
The news of a secret research lab fits into a larger narrative about Apple 's deeper and more expensive focus on research and development . Neil Cybart of Above Avalon , a subscription blog focused on Apple , noted that Apple “ is on track to spend $ 14 billion on R & D in FY2018 , nearly double the amount spent on R & D just four years ago ” and also pointed out that “ The $ 14 billion of R & D expense that Apple will spend in FY2018 will be more than the amount Apple spent on R & D from 1998 to 2011 . ”
Those are incredible numbers for any company , but the scale of the R & D output even for Apple is exceptional . Even more notably , Apple 's R & D expenses as a percentage of revenue have been steadily increasing over the past few years and are projected to reach a decade high of 5.3 % this year despite higher revenues , according to Cybart .
That revenue percentage may be high for Apple , but it is remarkably low compared to peers in the technology industry . Other companies like Google and Facebook are spending more than double and sometimes triple Apple 's percentage of revenue on R & D . Part of that reason is Apple 's sheer revenues and scale , which allows Apple to amortize R & D over greater revenues than its competitors .
The more interesting observation though is that Apple has traditionally avoided having to do the sorts of expensive R & D work involved in areas like chip design and display manufacturing . Instead , the company 's focus has traditionally been on product development and integration , areas that certainly are n't cheap , but are less expensive than bringing say a new LCD technology to market .
Apple does n't produce wireless modems or power management systems for its phones , instead using components from companies like Qualcomm , as in the iPhone X . Even highly-touted features like the iPhone X 's screen are n't designed by Apple , but instead are designed and manufactured by others , which in the case of the screen was Samsung Display . Apple 's value-add was integrating the display into the phone ( that edgeless screen ) as well as writing the software that calibrated the color of the screen and ensured its exceptional quality .
For years , that integration-focused R & D model has been a win-win for Apple . The company can use the best technology available at low prices due to its negotiating leverage . Plus , the R & D costs of those components can be amortized not just against iPhones , but all other devices using the technology as well . That meant Apple put its resources behind high-value product development , and could maintain some of the best margins in the hardware industry by avoiding some of the costlier research areas required for its products .
That R & D model changed after Apple bought P.A . Semi almost exactly a decade ago for $ 278 million . Apple moved from an R & D strategy focused on product development to increasingly owning the key hardware components of its devices . No where is that more visible than in the processing cores at the center of the iPhone . The A11 Bionic processor in the iPhone X , for instance , is completely custom-designed by Apple , and manufactured by TSMC .
Indeed , the processor is an obvious place to start vertically integrating , since it provides so much of the other functionality of the device and also has a large influence on battery life . The FaceID feature , for instance , is powered by a “ neural engine ” component of the A11 chip .
There is a direct line between creating differentiated features that consumers recognize and are willing to shell out top dollar for , and building out the sorts of custom components that Apple has shied away from in the past . The display is obviously a critical point of differentiation , and so it should n't be surprising that Apple increasingly wants to bring that technology in-house so it can compete better with Samsung .
Alright , so Apple is spending more on R & D to increase differentiation – sounds great . Indeed , one narrative of these expenses is that Apple is investing from a position of strength . Through its sheer force of will , it has become one of the most valuable companies in the world , and it dominates many of the markets in which it competes , most notably smartphones . It has incredible brand loyalty with a million of customers , and it sees an opportunity to expand into new device categories like automotive in order to continue growing and owning more markets . In other words , it is expanding R & D to propel growth .
The more negative view is that Apple is struggling to maintain its hold on a shrinking smartphone industry , and the increasing R & D spend is really a defensive maneuver designed to protect its high sale prices ( and thus margins ) against significantly cheaper competitors who offer nearly equivalent functionality . Apple 's custom hardware powers its exclusive features , and that creates the differentiation needed to sustain revenues going forward .
There is truth in both narratives , but one thing is for certain , the margin pressure on Apple is increasing . While everyone is making educated guesses at iPhone X sales , many analysts believe that sales have been , and will continue to be weaker than expected , driven by the device 's high cost . If that is true , then higher prices will not be able to offset higher research and developments costs , and the combination will put more of a vice grip on Apple 's future smartphone innovation than the company has previously experienced .
It seems obvious that a company with hundreds of billions of dollars on the balance sheet should just be investing more of that into R & D initiatives like microLED . But analysts care not just about top-line revenue , but also the margins of that revenue . Apple 's increasing spend and declining unit sales portend tougher financial questions for the company going forward .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCOTT TWP . — Nico Piraino threw for 152 yards and a touchdown and ran for 70 yards and two scores to lead Lakeland to a 32-20
win over Riverside in a Lackawanna Football Conference Division III game Friday at Lakeland Stadium .
Piraino connected on nine passes , including seven to Thomas Pidgeon for 140 yards . The Chiefs ( 3-4 , 3-3 LFC Division III ) opened their first drive with four straight running plays , but on third-and-6 , Piraino hit Pidgeon down the left sideline for a 36-yard gain to the Riverside 10-yard-line .
“ Tom is a great receiver , so anytime we can get them open and I see some space , I just try to get it out in front of them and I know he 's going to make a play , ” Piraino said .
Two plays later , Piraino kept the ball and ran around the left end for a touchdown to give Lakeland a 6-0 lead .
Lakeland forced a fumble on Riverside 's first drive and C.J . Dippre recovered the ball on the Vikings 27 . Six plays later , Giovanni Spataro scored on a 2-yard run when the first-year student hit a wall of defenders at the line of scrimmage , but spun out of the tackle and into the end zone to give Lakeland a 12-0 lead .
“ That 's huge , ” Lakeland coach Jeff Wasilchak said . “ You 're up a little bit and they 're an explosive team . The turnover battle went our way tonight , which is something that we have n't been doing well . That went our way and we took advantage of it . ”
Lakeland forced a punt on Riverside 's next drive . With four seconds left in the first quarter , Pidgeon again beat their defender down the sideline and Piraino hit them in stride for a 60-yard TD . Dippre caught a two-point conversion pass and Lakeland led , 20-0 , at the end of the first .
Riverside ( 1-6 , 1-5 ) leaned on running back Chase Briskie on its next drive . The senior carried the ball four times for 48 yards , including a 14-yard touchdown run to cut the lead to 20-6 . Lakeland answered with a 14-play drive that Piraino capped with a 3-yard touchdown run .
“ I 've been getting more confident ( running the ball ) , ” Piraino said . “ Our offensive line did a great job tonight , so I just had to follow the holes that they made . ”
In the second half , Pidgeon had a pair of interceptions and Paul Sokoloski scored on a 1-yard run late in the fourth quarter to seal the win for Lakeland .
“ I said early in the season that we needed to get better and we have been , ” Wasilchak said . “ Obviously we 're nowhere near where we need to be yet , but we 're getting better every week and I 'm proud of our kids . ”
Contact the writer :
hsmith @ timesshamrock.com ;
570-348-9125 ;
@ sportsTT on Twitter
When President Donald Trump needed to be steadfast , to stand upright , to speak strongly and unequivocally against evil , they withered , wobbled , did little more than rhetorically mumble .
Why would n't Trump call the white nationalists and white supremacists and neo-Nazis who marched on Saturday in Charlottesville , Virginia , by their name ? Why would n't they denounce the garden-variety racists and virulent anti-semites who rallied for the cause of hatred ? Why would n't they call the man who used an automobile as a deadly weapon , plowing into a crowd of counter-demonstrators , killing one and injuring 19 , what they are : a terrorist ?
One could begin by suggesting that Trump simply is n't up to the job at hand , that the reality TV star turned president is in deeply over their head . That 's one of the least-unflattering explanations , anyway . Though realistically , one fears a darker motive : Trump understands well that the worst of the worst who rallied on Saturday are some of their most steadfast supporters , and , as such , bent over backwards not to offend them .
Though most everyone could see those in the mob that marched on Saturday for what they are - an ignorant throng of racist cowards - there are doubtless some in the White House who saw the marchers in another light : as Trump 's base .
While no one could reasonably have expected Trump to turn suddenly into the Great Communicator after the violence at Saturday 's anti-American march , their tepid and vapid statement , lame even by this president 's standards , was disappointing beyond all reckoning .
Rather than calling out the white supremacists , they spoke in the vaguest terms , establishing an equivalence between those who preach hate and those who demonstrated against their evil ways . They said Saturday 's events in Charlottesville showed an `` '' egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides . ''
When Trump had an opportunity to attempt to heal , to bring people together , they failed , and failed badly .
Though all right-thinking Americans could see this clearly , easily , there was one group that was pleased with the president 's remarks .
The Daily Stormer , a neo-Nazi publication , said : `` Trump comments were good . They did n't attack us . They just said the nation should come together . Nothing specific against us . They said that we need to study why people are so angry , and implied that there was hate ... on both sides !
`` So they implied the [ anti-fascists ] are haters . There was virtually no counter-signaling of us at all . They said they love us all . Also refused to answer a question about White Nationalists supporting him . No condemnation at all . When asked to condemn , they just walked out of the room . Really , really good . God bless him . ''
During last year 's presidential campaign , there were plenty of otherwise reasonable folk who lost their bearings , finding some way to support Trump 's candidacy despite their often-objectionable statements and their frequently unmoored behavior . It was because of appointments to the Supreme Court , many Republicans said . Others bought the economic message they were selling . There were those who just wished to shake things up . And some backed Trump because of their deep-seated and generally irrational antipathy toward Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . No matter their reason , no matter their excuse , many voters turned a blind eye on Trump 's obviously flawed character , their darker side .
And now the chickens are coming home to roost .
There are those in the White House who played the race card over and over again , both before and during the campaign . Most notably , there 's presidential confidante and trusted adviser Steve Bannon , onetime head of fake news site Breitbart.com , a favorite with members of the fringe right set .
If the president wants to show that they understand how badly they bungled their reaction to the horrific nightmare that was Saturday in Charlottesville , they could begin by kicking Bannon and their cronies to the curb . They wo n't , though . Because that would take guts . And it might anger the white nationalist crowd .
More than half a century after passage of the Civil Rights Act - a legislative effort to begin to scrub away the stains of slavery , the Civil War , segregation - white nationalists and members of the Ku Klux Klan and others who preach hatred marched in a bucolic college town in Virginia in an attempt to turn back the clock . There 's only one message for this sort : You are not welcome here . You are not welcome anywhere in America . Go home . Crawl back beneath the rock you belong under .
Though Trump failed to deliver that message , others did their best , and must continue to do so . Silence is complicity . So too is finding moral equivalence between the haters and those who would wish to put them back in their fetid place .
Elections in Kenya
Washington , DC - The United States Government is deeply concerned by the deterioration in the political environment in Kenya in advance of the October 26 , presidential election . We remain committed to supporting a free , fair , and credible election that is consistent with Kenya 's Constitution , current laws , and institutions , and we do not back any party or candidate .
Unfortunately , in recent weeks actors on all sides have undermined the electoral commission and stoked tensions . We are closely monitoring Kenya 's electoral process and what politicians are saying and doing .
A peaceful and transparent poll that provides all Kenyans a voice in choosing their next President will require that the electoral commission have the independence and support it needs to fulfill its Constitutional and legal obligations . While we support freedom of speech , baseless attacks and unreasonable demands on the electoral commission are divisive . We fully support the commission 's efforts to engage leaders and parties in dialogue , and urge all to participate openly , seriously , and in good faith .
Changing electoral laws without broad agreement just prior to a poll is not consistent with international best practice , increases political tension , and undermines public perceptions of the integrity of the electoral process .
Kenyan leaders and citizens must reject violence and call on others to do the same . Security services should use the utmost restraint in handling demonstrations , and any response must be proportionate and appropriate .
This election offers Kenya the opportunity to inspire and shape the future of Africa . We stand with all Kenyans who seek to advance democracy and prosperity , and strengthen security .
BLOOMINGTON , Minn. — Tom Brady is the comeback king in the playoffs .
From their past two Super Bowl wins to the AFC championship game rally against Jacksonville that got the Patriots to the NFL 's biggest stage for the third in four seasons , no quarterback has engineered more late-game playoff comebacks than Brady .
But they are not alone . Whether it was Marcus Mariota and the Tennessee Titans in the wild-card round against Kansas City earlier this post-season , or Russell Wilson against Green Bay in ( 2015 ) or Andrew Luck against the Chiefs the previous year , there have been as many playoff comebacks from at least 10 points down in the fourth quarter the past five seasons as there were the previous 26 seasons .
`` What happens is instead of playing the team , they start playing the clock . Sometimes you win and sometimes you go against a bad boy like Tom Brady and you get burned , '' former Colts receiver and current NFL Network analyst Reggie Wayne said . `` A lot of that falls onto the coaches . The players are going to run what the coaches call . ''
Whether it 's Atlanta failing to run the ball enough late in last year 's Super Bowl that helped the Patriots rally from 28-3 down to win in overtime or Seattle 's decision to pass at the goal line instead of hand it to Marshawn Lynch back in 2015 , questionable coaching decisions have contributed to some of those comebacks .
But nobody is better at exploiting those mistakes than Brady and the Patriots . They have four playoff wins in games they trailed by at least 10 points in the fourth quarter , including the `` Tuck Rule '' game against Oakland in 2002 . No other quarterback has led more than one such comeback in playoff history .
`` There 's a great belief no matter what the circumstances , that we have enough to overcome it , '' Brady said . `` I do n't think we want to try to overcome that again this year . That was pretty tough to do . Hopefully we can get a lead , play from ahead , play on our terms . ''
The Patriots are comfortable when that happens . They are 6-6 in the playoffs when trailing after three quarters under Brady and coach Bill Belichick , while the rest of the NFL has a 27-140 record in that span with only Russell Wilson and Eli Manning having more than two fourth-quarter comebacks with four each .
Not that it is by design .
`` That whole comeback thing is overrated , '' said NFL Network analyst Willie McGinest , who won three Super Bowl titles as Brady 's teammate in New England . `` Players ca n't go in and say , 'Hey , we want to win this game in dramatic fashion , be down 11 with eight minutes to go and come back and have the crowd go crazy . ' You want to be in control , play a certain way and be in front . Because that changes how you play the game . ''
Kicker Roberto Aguayo was disappointed to be cut by the Buccaneers but is glad to get a chance in Chicago . ( 0:34 )
BOURBONNAIS , Ill. -- Veteran kicker Connor Barth responded to the Chicago Bears claiming Roberto Aguayo off waivers by nailing every field goal attempt at Monday 's practice .
“ Well , what else am I supposed to do , you know ? ” Barth laughed . “ I 've got to do something here . It seems like I 've always got to … but , you know , it is what it is . It 's just life . My parents always say , control what you can control . At the end of the day , it 's all you can do . In any job , in your jobs , it 's competitive with anything you do . You just got to go out there , and perform and it 's a performance-based business .
`` At the end of the day , if you do n't do it , you 're not going to be anywhere . I 've somehow hung around for a little bit . Try to continue to work and kick well , and if I keep kicking like I did today , hopefully things will work out . If not here , somewhere else . ”
Connor Barth was perfect on their field-goal attempts Monday at training camp . AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh
Aguayo , who arrived at Bears camp late Sunday night , watched practice but not kick in team drills .
As fate would have it , Barth was cut by Tampa last preseason to make room for Aguayo , whom the Bucs drafted in the second round out of Florida State .
“ To be honest , the Tampa curse just will not go away . But it is what it is , '' Barth said . `` Like I said , I 've played , what , this is my 10th training camp ? If I ever said I was going to do that , it 's been a good run . I 'm just trying to enjoy it as long as I can , and whatever happens , happens . I 've got a great beach house to go back to in North Carolina . We 're renovating a house . It 's good times right now . So I 've got a lot of other things I 'm thinking about too . This is life , man . This is what it 's all about . ”
Aguayo said they do n't expect the reunion with Barth to get uncomfortable , even though both are gunning for the same job .
“ You got to embrace it , ” Aguayo said . “ When I got the call I knew they were here , but at the end of the day this is our job and things are going to happen . It is what it is . It 's out of our control . He 's a good guy , and I 'm just going to embrace it and be cordial out here . He 's a good guy . All these guys are good people that I 've met out here . I 'm excited to be here and get to work . ”
Barth hit 18-of-23 field-goal attempts ( 78.3 percent ) for the Bears last season .
Aguayo converted 71 percent of their kicks ( 22-of-31 ) with the Bucs in 2016 . The second-year kicker then missed a field goal and extra point in Tampa 's first preseason game that sealed their fate .
“ We 're trying to improve our football team and trying to make it competitive , ” Bears coach John Fox said . “ He 's a guy that we had high grades on as Roberto was coming up . I think it creates competition . Connor had a great day . We had a field goal day today and they were 100 percent in all of their kicks . So I think that competition is good for our football team . ”
JACKSON , Wyo . — Some parents in Jackson Hole , Wyoming , are upset that `` shooting at ( President Donald ) Trump '' was offered as a possible answer on a multiple-choice , online English test .
The Jackson Hole News & Guide reported Friday that the Jackson Hole High School quiz has since been taken down .
Teton County School District officials apologized and say they take threats of any kind seriously .
The quiz involved George Orwell 's 1945 novel `` Animal Farm '' and asked why a character in the book orders that a gun be fired .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Nurses at First Hospital in Kingston and Moses Taylor Hospital in Scranton recently voted to authorize their bargaining committees to send a 10-day strike notice if necessary , according to a press release issued Friday by two unions .
Contracts at Wilkes Barre General Hospital , Moses Taylor Hospital and First Hospital have expired and nurses are concerned about the lack of progress , according to SEIU Health Care and the Pennsylvania Association of Staff Nurses and Allied Professionals .
A strike is not imminent and no date is set but the vote means if negotiations continue to be unproductive at the hospitals , nurses are prepared to go on strike , according to union officials .
Jen Kamla , operating room registered nurse at Moses Taylor Hospital , said they do not want to strike but after three months of negotiations , officials from hospital owner Community Health Systems have “ rejected every proposal for improvements we 've put forward . ”
“ We are committed to delivering safe , quality care , and wish CHS would work with us to settle a contract that makes our hospital better , ” Kamla said in a press release . “ It 's frustrating , but we are determined to make sure our hospital can compete and our patients come first . ”
While these nurses said they face frustration and demand progress , registered nurses at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center in Plains Twp . ratified a new union contract Thursday .
The four-year agreement puts in place “ positive changes to improve bedside care and recruit and retain experienced , skilled nurses , ” according to union officials .
“ It 's a new day for all of us. ” said Kim Klinger , who has been a registered nurse at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center since 2003 .
“ This is a great achievement for nurses , our hospital and all our patients . ”
According to union officials , the contract includes improved staffing language so nurses have more input into staffing needs of their patients , changes to on-call use to prevent nurse “ burn out , ” guaranteed yearly wage increases of 3 percent each year , better training for nurses who float between departments and a student loan assistance program for nurses who stay at the hospital for more than 10 years .
“ Education improvements are going to have a big impact on nurse retention , ” Klinger said . “ Nurses will come here , stay here and their skills and experience will benefit our patients . ”
First Hospital , Moses Taylor and Geisinger Wyoming Valley registered nurses are represented by SEIU and Wilkes Barre General registered nurses are represented by PASNAP .
Union officials said the victory for more than 600 registered nurses at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center is a sharp contrast to other hospitals in the area .
Nearly 1,500 nurses from First Hospital , Moses Taylor Hospital and Wilkes-Barre General Hospital are still in negotiations with officials from their hospitals , all owned by Community Health Systems .
“ We congratulate our fellow nurses at Geisinger Wyoming Valley for achieving their contract , ” said Elaine Weale , registered nurse and president of the local union at Wilkes Barre General Hospital . “ As RNs , our priority is patient care and we know how important it is to have conditions in place that assure nurses are at their patients ' bedside . We are determined to reach an agreement that would put our patients before profits at Wilkes Barre General Hospital . ”
According to the press release from SEIU and PASNAP , while each union contract is separate , “ the problems that arise from corporate healthcare are the same . ”
In 2016 , Community Health Systems had a nationwide operating income of more than $ 18 billion .
“ Nurses have been committed to making sure hospitals put patient care first , stressing the need to get nurses ' input and invest in the workforce , ” the unions ' press release stated . “ Without that , hospitals can not succeed . ”
A spokesperson for Commonwealth Health , the Northeastern Pennsylvania hospitals owned by Community Health Systems , could not immediately be reached for a response .
BEIJING ( AP ) — Beijing and other cities across northern and central China were shrouded in thick smog Monday , prompting authorities to delay dozens of flights and close highways .
The Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau extended an “ orange alert ” for heavy air pollution for three more days . Beijing 's smog had initially been forecast to lift by Monday .
The “ orange alert ” is the third level , preceding a “ red alert , ” in China 's four-tiered warning system . On Sunday , 25 cities in China issued “ red alerts ” for smog , which triggers orders to close factories , schools and construction sites .
Air pollution readings in northern Chinese cities were many times above the World Health Organization-designated safe level of 25 micrograms per cubic meter of PM 2.5 , the tiny , toxic particles that damage lung tissue . The readings exceeded 400 by Monday afternoon in several cities in the northern province of Hebei .
Advertisement
Expressways in Shijiazhuang , Hebei 's capital , and more than a half-dozen other cities there were temporarily closed , according to notices posted on the official microblog of the province 's traffic police .
In the central city of Zhengzhou , authorities ordered students from kindergarten through high school to stay home on Tuesday because of the smog .
More than 300 flights out of the northern city of Tianjin were canceled Sunday due to poor visibility .
Authorities have deployed teams of inspectors to check on polluting factories , reports said .
China has long faced some of the worst air pollution in the world , blamed on its reliance of coal for energy and factory production , as well as a surplus of older , less efficient cars on its roads .
Researchers at Germany 's Max Planck institute have estimated that smog has led to 1.4 million premature deaths per year in China , while the nonprofit group Berkeley Earth in California has had a higher figure , 1.6 million .
Tawas City — A second man has been arraigned after being arrested in connection with the slaying of a 72-year-old northern Michigan man whose body was found in a shallow grave behind their home .
MLive.com reports 24-year-old Christopher R. Grinnell of Bay City was arraigned Monday in Iosco County District Court on one count of accessory after the fact to a felony in the death of Roger Lee Knickerbocker of Hale . The judge set a $ 1 million cash-surety bond .
Twenty-year-old Daniel J. Olar was arraigned Friday on an open murder charge and is held without bond .
Grinnell and Olar both are to appear for probable cause hearings on Aug. 22 .
Investigators say Knickerbocker was killed on or about Aug. 3 . A tip from an arrested woman led police to Knickerbocker 's body last week .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/2uHv7o8
© Cheshire police/Mercury press
A sailor was nearly sucked down a 100ft-wide sinkhole that opened up on a canal while they were boating.The giant crevice appeared on a stretch of the Shropshire Union canal in Middlewich , Cheshire , at 11.40pm last night.As the sinkhole opened it sucked the water from the canal causing the sailor and their boat to be dragged back before coming to a halt just foot away from the crack.The canal was left completely drained and the water flooded down onto a lower embankment.Police found the man aboard the nearby boat and they were plucked to safety.A dramatic picture of the scene this morning shows the vessel just feet away from plunging down the hole.An officer who attended the scene tweeted : 'Seeing the Middlewich sinkhole in the light of day highlights just how lucky the man in the boat was . Think he 'll be picking some numbers this evening . ' A Cheshire Police spokesperson said : 'At 11.42pm we received a report that a section of the Shropshire Union canal across an embankment had subsided . 'The contents of the canal flooded the lowland of the surrounding area , but it does n't appear to have flooded any houses . 'There had n't been significant impact of the local area , there has been significant damage to the canal . ' A male was found on board nearby and removed to safety . '
Concerns are growing for a Bristol University student who is missing .
Sofia Fareed was visiting Brighton for the bank holiday weekend and had travelled there by coach .
They had stayed with friends in a local hostel on the night of Sunday , April 16 .
The 19-year-old was last seen by friends on Monday morning .
Sussex Police say they are growing increasingly concerned .
A force spokesperson said : `` Sofia is Asian , 5 ' 4 '' , very long black hair with some dreadlocks and was last seen wearing a green cardigan , baggy multi-coloured patchwork trousers and carrying a green canvas bag .
`` We believe they are still in Brighton and would like to ensure they are safe and well .
`` Anybody who knows their whereabouts is asked to contact police with relevant information on 101 or online and quote serial 314 of 17/04 . ''
Four days ago , no one had ever heard of a video game called “ Active Shooter. ” It was an obscure indie first-person shooter that let the player commit a mass killing in a school environment . It was originally scheduled to launch June 6 on Steam , but widespread condemnation led to its removal , along with all of the other titles from its developer , Revived Games . So , what happened , exactly ? And why was it such a big deal ? Here 's what you need to know to get caught up .
What was ‘ Active Shooter ? '
It 's a “ dynamic SWAT simulator ” where players could choose to be members of an elite SWAT team or the titular active shooter , according to its description on Steam . Depending on what role they picked , players were tasked with either neutralizing the target or hunting and killing civilians in a school setting . A counter in the corner of the screen tallied the number of cops and civilians killed . The developer also said they planned to launch a 4-player co-op mode , a survival mode where players could choose to play a civilian , a survival mode from a civilian 's perspective , and a zombie mode where people needed to scrounge for gear and health packs while fighting the undead
A disclaimer on the game 's Steam page read : “ Please do not take any of this seriously . This is only meant to be the simulation and nothing else . If you feel like hurting someone or people around you , please seek help from local psychiatrists or dial 911 ( or applicable ) . Thank you . ”
Who Created It ?
Revived Games was an indie developer responsible for over half a dozen Steam titles . Many of them seemed like deliberate attempts to be trollish or satirical . “ Zucc Simulator ” was a thinly veiled jab at Facebook and the recent controversy over how it handles personal data , for example . “ Tyde Pod Challenge ” was a racing game where players controlled a police cruiser and picked up collectibles resembling a certain laundry detergent . All of the titles launched on Steam within the last six months , except for “ Active Shooter . ”
The games were all published by a company called Acid . Apparently , Revived Games and Acid were both the same person , a man who called themselves Ata Berdiyev . They have a history with Valve . A spokesperson told Variety via email Tuesday night Berdiyev was removed from Steam last fall while they were operating under the names “ [ bc ] Interactive ” and “ Elusive Team . ”
“ Ata is a troll , with a history of customer abuse , publishing copyrighted material , and user review manipulation , ” Valve said . “ His subsequent return under new business names was a fact that came to light as we investigated the controversy around their upcoming title . We are not going to do business with people who act like this towards our customers or Valve . ”
Variety tried to contact Berdiyev , but they did not immediately respond .
What Was the Controversy ?
There have been 23 school shootings in the U.S. in 2018 alone , according to CNN . Just last week , 10 students and teachers were killed at Santa Fe High School in Texas . Seventeen people were shot and killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , Florida in February . Given America 's current gun problems , many believed a game like “ Active Shooter ” was in extremely bad taste . Florida Senator Bill Nelson called it “ inexcusable . ”
“ Any company that develops a game like this in wake of such a horrific tragedy should be ashamed of itself , ” they wrote on Twitter Monday .
This is inexcusable . Any company that develops a game like this in wake of such a horrific tragedy should be ashamed of itself . https : //t.co/jjp6LxNWhC — Senator Bill Nelson ( @ SenBillNelson ) May 28 , 2018
Ryan Petty , the father of 14-year-old Parkland shooting victim Alaina Petty , called it “ despicable. ” “ Let @ steam_games know games depicting ‘ active shooter ' scenarios in schools , where players shoot civilians , students & law enforcement are unacceptable , ” they tweeted .
Despicable . Let @ steam_games know games depicting “ active shooter ” scenarios in schools , where players shoot civilians , students & law enforcement are unacceptable . https : //t.co/7utMvVqYzT — Ryan Petty ( @ rpetty ) May 27 , 2018
Fred Guttenberg , another father of a Parkland victim , said , “ This company should face the wrath of everyone who cares about school and public safety and it should start immediately . Do not buy this game for your kids or any other game made by this company . ”
This company should face the wrath of everyone who cares about school and public safety and it should start immediately . Do not buy this game for your kids or any other game made by this company.https : //t.co/LbkXy0upwc — Fred Guttenberg ( @ fred_guttenberg ) May 27 , 2018
There was also a petition on Change.org urging Valve to not publish the game . It gained over 144,000 signatures in four days .
Berdiyev recently addressed the controversy in a blog post , claiming “ Active Shooter ” does n't promote violence or mass shootings . “ Originally when this game started its course of development , I planned on having SWAT only based game-play , ” they wrote . “ Then I thought about adding more gameplay to it by adding additional roles : of the shooter and the civilian . While I can see people 's anger and why this might be a bad idea for the game , I still feel like this topic should be left alone . As I mentioned on Steam discussion forums , there are games like ‘ Hatred , ' ‘ Postal , ' ‘ Carmageddon ' and etc. , which are even worse compared to ‘ Active Shooter ' and literally focus on mass shootings/killings of people . ”
Is This the First Time Someone Made a School Shooting Game ?
Unfortunately , no . In 2005 , Danny Ledonne released a role-playing game called “ Super Columbine Massacre RPG ! ” It was based on the 1999 Columbine High School shootings perpetrated by Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold and it let players act out the infamous killings . Reaction to that game was unsurprisingly negative . In an interview with the Rocky Mountain News , Ledonne said the game was a way for them to work through their own issues surrounding similar problems they faced as a bullied high school student . Ledonne made a documentary about the experience in 2008 called “ Playing Columbine . ”
Two years later , a 21-year-old indie dev from Australia named Ryan Lambourn created a Flash-based game based on the Virginia Tech shooting called “ V-Tech Rampage. ” They followed that up in 2013 with “ The Slaying of Sandy Hook Elementary. ” At the time , Lambourn defended the game as a statement in favor of stricter gun control laws .
So , Why Was Valve Publishing ‘ Active Shooter ? '
Under the Steam Direct Program , anyone can publish a game after paying a $ 100 fee . Before it goes live , Valve reportedly reviews it to make sure it runs properly . There are a few guidelines : games containing hate speech or pornography are not allowed , for example . But Valve 's record of enforcing those guidelines is sporadic at best . It recently cracked down on certain visual novels containing sexual content , but a violent title like “ Active Shooter ” seemingly passed muster . The company 's laissez-faire approach to publishing has led to a flood of cheap games hastily cobbled together by so-called “ asset flippers ” looking to make money on the platform .
After it pulled “ Active Shooter , ” it told Variety a broader conversation about Steam 's content policies “ is one that we 'll be addressing soon . ”
Dreher bests Newberry Monday night
COLUMBIA , S.C. ( WOLO ) – Dreher basketball trailed early to visiting Newberry Monday night before coming back to top the Bulldogs 76-71 .
In 2012 , UrbanSpace , the building 's owner , paid close to $ 447,000 in property taxes , with its rate increasing steadily to that point at 1 per cent per year . Then in 2013 , it jumped to $ 520,280 . By 2016 , the bill was within a few hundred dollars of $ 700,000 . Without some kind of intervention , the building 's 2017 tax bill will be $ 846,210.73 .
“ There 's no question : There 's a fierce urgency of now , ” Cressy said . It 's the full boil of an issue that 's been simmering publicly since December when it was first revealed that the building , an unofficial cultural landmark , was near the breaking point , holding the line on modest rents for its tenants while its tax burden expanded .
All around , dozens of the building 's tenants had gathered . At issue was the building 's tax bill , a figure that has more than doubled since 2012 , putting pressure on tenants and UrbanSpace , the building 's owner , alike . This year alone , taxes will jump another 21 per cent , due to an assessed value that reflects the overheated property market surrounding it . UrbanSpace has borne the brunt of the increases , shielding its thinly funded tenants as much as it can . But with the new tax bill due in July , time is running out .
A hopeful late winter had given way to a stagnant late spring , with the fate of the building , a long-time sanctuary for dozens of the city 's non-profit cultural organizations , hanging in the balance . And they are n't the only one feeling anxious .
On a steamy pre-summer evening this week , Councillor Joe Cressy stood beneath the raw wooden beams of a common space at 401 Richmond St. , looking grave . They had every reason to .
Cressy , acknowledging the building 's significance to the city 's cultural life , exhausted all of the city 's tax-relief measures earlier this year , but they 're stopgap at best . Their efforts to broker a permanent solution with the province — a new tax class for “ cultural incubators ” like 401 — have dragged on . They had come to the building this week to offer an update : they had spoken with the premier 's office and had received an encouraging , if imprecise response .
An oasis of difference now walled in by high-end retail condominiums and office space , 401 — with its modest rents and non-profit tenants — is a holdout in a commercial property market driven sky-high by rampant development .
While UrbanSpace has absorbed the worst of the increases , tenants have shared some pain . And with taxes projected to go as high as $ 1.29 million by 2020 , there 's only so much that UrbanSpace can swallow and ample reason to be concerned .
“ The message from the premier 's office is , ‘ We 're on it , we 're working with you , we 're prepared to solve this and can you hang on a couple of months ? ' ” Cressy told the group . “ My answer was , ‘ Not really . ' But we have to give them that . ”
Patience , along with tenants ' finances , have frayed . “ We had a board meeting and everyone 's wants to know how much longer we can hang on , ” said Bruce Pitkin , the executive director of Theatre Ontario , one of dozens of non-profit arts organizations in the building . “ We had to cut a program to pay our taxes . If this is going to drag on for another two years we need to act now . ”
If no relief comes , the tax increases would likely spell the end of the lifelong vision of its owner , Margie Zeidler , who rehabilitated the decrepit hulk of an old factory in 1994 into an affordable refuge for its arts-minded tenants .
In a spiralling property market , a one-size-fits-all model for property assessment endangers countless other such buildings . Artscape , a non-profit that manages hundreds of affordable spaces for cultural activity , is facing a similar tax crunch .
A new tax class would not just assure their survival but might encourage the blossoming of like-minded ventures , thanks to a tax regime based on a building 's actual use , not its potential maximized value . ( The province currently assesses properties based on a “ highest and best use ” measure : the value of a maximum-envelope condominium tower , say , regardless of the actual structure on the site . )
“ For this building , we ca n't wait , ” Cressy said . “ But this was never intended as a get-out-of-jail-free card for one good building . It was about 401 Richmond as a model and encouraging others all across the province to do the same . ”
For the city , the new tax class could cure many development ills ; as things stand , highest-and-best-use assessments put pressure on landlords to crater older properties for new , high-priced developments to satisfy tax demands .
“ If there 's one crosscutting issue for us , it 's access to affordable space , ” said Pat Tobin , the city 's head of culture and economic development . The city was “ really in tune with the idea that market forces are balanced by a public-good argument , ” they said . “ Dealing with the ( tax ) assessment issue further upstream would of course be a huge help with that . ”
401 has always been an anomaly in the private commercial real estate market . Motivated by building the community over profit - “ the Zeidler family 's patience and benevolence as landlords is really quite unique , ” Tobin said - UrbanSpace has always carefully hand-picked tenants that enhance the building 's cultural ecosystem .
Leaving 401 “ is not an option that we want to pursue , given the richness of the collaborations that we have had in this community , ” Pitkin said .
Speaking in front of their tenants this week , many of whom applauded , Zeidler made clear that the situation was dire . In July , when the new tax bill comes due , UrbanSpace will be struggling to hold the line .
“ We 're not going to pass the increase on to tenants , because we do n't think we can do that without destroying the building , ” said Zeidler . “ But we 're going to have to pay ( the tax bill ) somehow . ”
It feels very much like a last gasp . After exhausting the city 's tax relief measures , Cressy put forward a motion to city council in January , to ask the province to change Ontario 's tax code for heritage properties , particularly those used to house cultural activities . It passed at council unanimously .
Through February and March , Tobin had their staff draw up a set of recommendations for the province about what a new tax class for “ cultural incubators ” like 401 Richmond might look like . Shortly after , fruitful conversations with staff at the provincial ministries of Finance and Tourism , Culture and Sport began .
John Sewell , the former mayor and a 401 tenant , joined the tenants ' steering committee . In April , they described the conversations with the province as “ encouraging. ” Optimism seemed reasonable . Cressy expected that a cultural incubator property tax class might be included in the provincial budget , released on April 27 .
Then , on April 11 , Finance Minister Charles Sousa responded to a direct question in the Legislature about the tax class by throwing it back to the city , saying the “ approval of the province ” was n't needed to solve the issue .
Conversations between city and provincial staff continued but stagnated . ( The Ministry of Finance , responding to a request from the Star , repeated Sousa 's line from April ; a new tax class is not on the table , it said , and its staff are encouraging the city to “ use the range of existing property tax tools to address this issue . ” )
“ The fact is , there are differences of opinion between ministries , so it 's going to take some political will to make this happen , ” Cressy said .
Cressy says they turned to Premier Kathleen Wynne 's office and stressed the urgency of the situation — to receptive ears — and a glimmer of optimism has returned . But they wonder if it can happen fast enough .
“ I 'm optimistic , in that we have a real interest expressed at the political level to resolve this , ” Cressy said . “ But this has already dragged on too long . And if we drag into September or later , for 401 Richmond it might be too late . ”
ISLAMABAD , Oct 6 ( APP ) : Minister for Defence Engineer
Khurram Dastgir Khan on Friday said Pakistan wanted reality based
relations with United States ( US ) and to work jointly against terrorism .
Talking to a private news channel , the minister said foreign
minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif had clearly presented Pakistan 's
stance in the US .
They said the US was present in the Afghanistan from last 16 years
but failed to establish peace there , adding American army
general had admitted that they had not complete control on the
Afghanistan 's land .
They said the US army had failed to restore peace in Iraq and
Afghanistan and wanted safe exit from Afghanistan but blaming
others for its failure .
Khurram Dastgir said US policy regarding Afghanistan was not
clear and no one was aware about its objectives for that country .
They said it was needed to assure US that India was still
an existing threat for Pakistan .
Replying to a question , they said Pakistan had started fencing
for securing its western border and Afghanistan should also do
the same and should initiate some concrete steps in this regard otherwise terrorism
would not be controlled properly in Afghanistan .
They said Pakistan had been fighting war against terrorism and
achieved a lot of success in it through operation Zarb-e-Azb and
Radd-ul-Fasaad .
Khloe Kardashian sparked controversy when they posted photos of them working out only one month after giving birth . Fans were concerned that they started working out too soon after delivering their first child , Truth . Chrissy Teigen was also a target awhile for going on a date with their husband only 10 days after giving birth . Some fans say people need to mind their own business when it comes to a stranger 's parenting habits . But haters say it 's all fair game -- that 's the life of a celebrity . Deal with it . What do you think ?
PERSPECTIVES
Khloe released a statement addressing the people that say they focus to much on their body .
`` What I 'm annoyed about is I 've read a couple of times on Twitter that they feel that I 'm focusing too much on my body , but the truth is , I 've worked out five or six days a week before I got pregnant and that 's my sanctuary and something I love to do , '' Kardashian continued . `` I want to start doing that now and get back to my rhythm and in between feedings I want to find time to work out because that 's going to be my new normal . ''
Some fans are defending the new mom .
So you criticize her , their whole life because she 's `` fat '' or `` overweight '' but , when they change and works out , begins to enjoy exercising , you criticize them because she 's `` too focused '' on their fitness ? These worlds standards need to change like , yesterday @ khloekardashian -- Hannah [ ? ] Bear ( @ HypedUpDolxn ) May 23 , 2018
Idiots @ khloekardashian works out with the baby right be next to them There are women that could n't care less about gaining weight after pregnancy and that if great too . If Khloe went that way people would be making fun of them being the `` fat one '' Do what you want You ca n't win . -- Julie Changs # 1 Fan ( @ TrulyJulieRokks ) May 22 , 2018
The Tylt is focused on debates and conversations around news , current events and pop culture . We provide our community with the opportunity to share their opinions and vote on topics that matter most to them . We actively engage the community and present meaningful data on the debates and conversations as they progress . The Tylt is a place where your opinion counts , literally . The Tylt is an Advance Digital , Inc. property . Join us on Twitter @ TheTylt or on Facebook , we 'd love to hear what you have to say .
PanARMENIAN.Net - The White House battled Tuesday , February 14 to insulate Donald Trump from a scandal over their top aide 's contacts with Russia , as it emerged that the president was aware of the problem for weeks before acting , AFP reports .
With calls for an independent investigation gathering pace , the White House admitted that Trump was told three weeks ago that national security advisor Michael Flynn may have misled colleagues about their Kremlin contacts .
The retired three-star general and former head of US defense intelligence initially denied discussing sanctions strategy with Russia 's ambassador Sergey Kislyak before taking office .
That may have breached US law on negotiating with foreign powers , and at minimum was a significant break with the norm that incoming administrations accept the US has `` one government at a time . ''
Flynn was asked to resign on Monday , after what the White House said were weeks of internal investigation that turned up no evidence of wrongdoing but `` eroded '' trust .
Law enforcement and intelligence agents intercepted calls and obtained phone records showing that members of Trump 's 2016 presidential campaign and other aides had repeated contacts with top Russian intelligence officials in the year that preceded the November 8 presidential election , The New York Times reported .
After finding evidence that Russia was seeking to disrupt the election , US intelligence agencies tried to determine whether the Trump campaign was cooperating with Moscow on hacking and other related efforts , according to the Times .
However , the newspaper said , the current and former US officials it cited have not yet found evidence of such collusion .
Paul Manafort , a former Trump advisor who was among those campaign officials picked up on the calls , dismissed the claims as `` absurd '' in an interview with the Times .
HERE 'S what Yorkshire MPs are saying about Theresa May 's surprise decision to seek an early General Election .
Gill Furniss , MP for Sheffield Brightside
“ Although today 's announcement is unexpected as Theresa May has for months denied there would be a general election , if the vote tomorrow is successful I absolutely welcome the opportunity to put our Labour policies before the British people . While May 's government continues to muddle through the Brexit process , Labour have been putting together proposals that will unite , protect and strengthen the people of Britain .
“ The Labour Party is clear that we will respect the vote to leave the European Union . However , the Labour Party is also clear that we will tread a path to Brexit that is inclusive of the whole country , not a divisive hard Brexit that will damage the economy and the lives of ordinary working people .
“ Under this Tory government , we have a crisis in the NHS , a crisis in social care , and school funding slashed across the country . Only Labour will protect the NHS , defend social care services , protect school budgets rather than pursuing divisive grammar schools , restore disabled benefits , and reverse the Tory tax cuts to the richest .
“ An alternative is needed . After years of deep austerity cuts and now with the uncertainties of a hard Brexit , the Labour Party is ready with an effective alternative to a Tory government that has failed ordinary working people . ”
Keighley MP Kris Hopkins
“ I believe it is right for a General Election to take place before the Brexit negotiations get fully underway .
“ I campaigned vigorously for a Remain vote but , as a democrat , I fully accept the clearly expressed will of the people .
“ It is important that we now pull together as a nation and seek to obtain the best possible deal for the United Kingdom as we prepare to leave the European Union .
“ That is why it is right that the people get a further say on what Brexit should look like .
“ As someone who has been proud to represent my home seat of Keighley and Ilkley in Parliament since 2010 , I am proud to be putting my name forward for re-election .
“ I will be asking local residents to support me on my record of achievement for them and my commitment to helping the Conservative Government to secure a Brexit deal that will be in the best interests of Keighley and Ilkley . ”
Sheffield Heeley MP Louise Haigh
“ The Tories have utterly neglected Sheffield and this election is our chance to send them a clear message . We 've seen jobs go ; pay fall ; schools underfunded ; and our NHS lurching from one crisis to another . ”
“ I have fought hard for our city as your MP and I will fight for our community in this election : for a world-class education for our kids ; for a fair economy that pays a living wage ; and I will fight against the politics of hate and division . ”
“ People in Heeley voted for Brexit because we had been ignored for far too long but Theresa May is not interested in people here and the hard right of the Tory Party want to use this moment to deliver on their political fantasies : slashing workers rights , a race to the bottom and further squeezes on jobs and pay . ”
“ Only a Labour Government will stand up for our city . ”
Source : ‘ Poisoned ' Mnangagwa airlifted to SA – NewsDay Zimbabwe August 14 , 2017
VICE-PRESIDENT Emmerson Mnangagwa has reportedly been air lifted to South Africa for medical attention after their health is reported to have deteriorated yesterday .
BY BLESSED MHLANGA
A well-placed source said Mnangagwa was taken out of the country in the company of their wife Auxillia .
“ He is now out of the country to seek further medical attention following ( the poisoning ) . I ca n't tell you more , ” the source said .
Details were scant at the time of going to print , but sources had initially revealed that Mnangagwa had been discharged after the alleged poisoning that happened at President Robert Mugabe 's youth interface rally in Gwanda on Saturday .
Another source said Mnangagwa left at 10:20am from Manyame Air Base en-route to Lanseria Airport in Johannesburg , South Africa .
They were accompanied by their wife , their son and other close family associates .
Mnangagwa , sources said , was supposed to have an engagement with war veterans in Mwenezi yesterday , but did not pitch due to their affliction .
The VP had earlier yesterday been reportedly discharged from Thornhill Airbase military medical facility in Gweru , where they had been admitted .
Although Zanu PF spokesperson Simon Khaya Moyo and Information deputy minister Thokozile Mathuthu declined to comment on the matter citing VIP security concerns , sources in Mnangagwa 's family said they had been certified fit and discharged from the medical facility .
“ It 's nothing to do with the public , it 's a personal issue , ” Mathuthu said .
“ If someone has a flu and is not feeling well , why should the government issue a statement ?
“ It has got nothing to do with the government , you should talk to the Vice-President himself . ”
Moyo said they were unaware Mnangagwa had been taken ill .
“ To be honest my brother , I am in the dark as you are . I have not been briefed , so I do n't know , ” they said .
“ If nobody has bothered to tell me , then how would I know ? ”
Efforts to contact presidential spokesperson , George Charamba for comment were fruitless , as their mobile phone went unanswered , while the minister of State in Mnangagwa 's office , Clifford Sibanda , was also unreachable .
But Mnangagwa 's allies were convinced itwas their foes were behind the “ poisoning ” .
“ This is the work of G40 . They want to kill them because they have failed to discredit them and now the answer is to eliminate him , ” a top official aligned to Mnangagwa claimed .
“ We are going to respond and the response will be felt . ”
Even people close to the family said they suspected that the Vice-President was poisoned by their rivals within the ruling Zanu PF party in an alleged attempt on their life .
The sources said the VP was taken ill after they complained of feeling dizzy after drinking a fruit juice during the rally .
“ He had some drink during their flight in the helicopter and at the rally . So we are no longer sure where they could have ingested the poisonous food , ” one of the sources said .
According to protocol used on VVIPs , Mnangagwa was supposed to be rushed to a military hospital at Thornhill Airbase in Gweru , but they chose to be taken to a private hospital in the Midlands capital first before they were later transferred to the airbase after they were ruled out of danger .
“ He refused to go to the military base and , instead , chose to go to the private hospital . They were later transferred to Thornhill after their doctor saw that they were out of danger , ” a close family member said .
Larry Mavima , a close friend to the Mnangagwa family , who accompanied the Vice-President to Thornhill Airbase , yesterday declined to comment on their condition .
“ I have no comment . Please refer to the Vice-President 's office for details , ” they said .
Sources said when Mnangagwa was discharged from Thornhill , doctors are reported to have prescribed bed rest and said they were out of danger .
Meanwhile , United Family International Church ( UFIC ) leader , Emmanuel Makandiwa reportedly told their followers during a church service yesterday that they prophesied Mnangagwa 's food poisoning incident on April 9 this year and publicly shared the prophecy .
“ I see someone in authority , who is loyal to a higher office , swallowing poison through food and vomiting blood and rushed to the hospital and only prayer can save him , ” Makandiwa said in an April recorded video , which they showed to their congregants yesterday .
UFIC spokesperson Prime Kufa confirmed the prophecy , saying : “ Yes the video was played , re-living the service of the 9th of April wherein the man of God spoke about the need to pray for a prominent politician because they were seeing something entering their stomach causing them to vomit — food first and then blood and ending up in hospital . Though the man of God did not mention any names , you need to watch the footage in order to come up with your own interpretation . ”
Juventus launch their bid for Ronaldo
Madrid still have Cristiano
The departure of Cristiano Ronaldo seems closer than ever , as Real Madrid would n't turn down a potential 100 million euro offers from Juventus .
Although a last-minute change of plot should n't be ruled out , the Old Lady have been working on the transfer , eager to offer 30m euros per year to the Portuguese star .
According to Jugones , Los Blancos would be open to accept an offer ten times smaller than their 1 billion euro release clauses .
Ronaldo has a written assurance signed by Real Madrid , allowing them to depart the club in case a reasonable transfer offer arrives .
Moreover , Juventus are n't considered direct rivals , a fact that could facilitate a deal .
Aware of the differences between the 33-year-old and Florentino Perez , Juve are willing to lure Ronaldo to Italy by offering a four-year contract to the player .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The heartbroken mother of an eight-year-old schoolgirl stabbed to death clutched a doll as they arrived for the funeral .
Mylee Billingham was found with knife wounds in Brownhills , near Walsall , West Midlands , on January 20 .
The young Ed Sheeran superfan was taken to hospital , but was pronounced dead shortly after their arrival , police said .
Mylee 's funeral was held at St James ' Church , in their home town of Walsall today . The coffin arrived in a white carriage pulled by two white horses .
There were floral displays on top of the carriage , one of which spelled out ‘ smiley , ' Birmingham Live reports .
Mourners were invited to wear “ bright and beautiful ” clothing in memory of the primary school pupil . Many wore purple , which was Mylee 's favourite colour .
Slices of Mylee ‘ s favourite cake , chocolate Swiss roll , were handed out to people as they left the church .
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
( Image : Tristan Potter / SWNS.com )
( Image : Tristan Potter / SWNS.com )
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
( Image : SWNS.com )
Little bunches of blue , purple and pink ribbons were tied to lampposts , road signs and trees all around the church .
One floral tribute carried the simple message - ‘ Our Little Superstar ' .
The church is right next to St James School , where Mylee was a pupil .
It was closed today as a mark of respect and so teachers and pupils could attend the funeral .
( Image : Tristan Potter / SWNS.com )
( Image : Tristan Potter / SWNS.com )
( Image : Tristan Potter / SWNS.com )
Speaking about Mylee at the service today , the Rev Dave Bishop said that although “ her life was brief ” , they “ crammed so much into it ” .
They said Mylee had “ made a big impact ” at their school , where they had made three close friends .
They also said they loved to sing and dance .
The song Lord of The Dance was played at the service , followed by a Bible reading . The congregation also listened to Love My Life , by Robbie Williams .
Ahead of the funeral , mum Tracey Taundry paid tribute to their 'angel ' and thanked locals for their support .
They said : “ I would like to thank Brownhills and surrounding areas for the love , support and kind donations , it truly means a lot to myself and family at this tragic time .
“ The funeral of my daughter Mylee will take place on Tuesday , April 24 at St James Church , Brownhills , at 10.45am . All are welcome to pay their respects .
( Image : Tristan Potter / SWNS.com )
( Image : Tristan Potter / SWNS.com )
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
( Image : Tristan Potter / SWNS.com )
“ This will be followed by a strictly private committal of my immediate family only .
“ Floral tributes are welcome to my home address or St James Church .
“ Donations on the day will be donated to Birmingham Children 's Hospital . ''
( Image : PA )
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
They added : “ Mylee was my angel , my true princess . They will have the send-off they truly deserve .
“ Dress code all things bright and beautiful just as they are . With love , Mylee 's mommy Tracey . ”
MLB stars and Las Vegas natives Bryce Harper and Kris Bryant ask for donations to ClarkCountyNV.gov to support the victims and families of those who were affected in the Las Vegas shooting . ( 0:30 )
WASHINGTON -- Chicago Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant and Washington Nationals outfielder Bryce Harper are working together to help the victims of the Las Vegas shooting that left 58 dead and nearly 500 injured Sunday night .
Harper and Bryant , both Las Vegas natives , shot a PSA on Thursday which will air during Game 1 of the NLDS between their respective teams .
`` The biggest thing is , Vegas is very small , '' Harper said after filming the PSA . `` If you were born and raised there you know everybody . You know who this person is on this side of town or that side of town . Relatives , friends , whatever . So when something happens like this , it 's going to hit home . ''
Editor 's Picks Vegas tragedy 'hits home ' for Nats ' Harper Nats star Bryce Harper opened up for the first time since Sunday 's mass shooting in their hometown of Las Vegas by saying the massacre that killed 58 people and injured about 500 `` definitely hits home . ''
Bryant and Harper both knew people that attended the Route 91 Harvest Festival but escaped with less than life-threatening injuries .
`` You do n't want to see it happen to your hometown , but it 's been amazing to see the people in the community come out and help , '' Bryant said . `` I do n't know if I 've ever seen a response like that . People wanting to help other people . It shows that even in a time like this there are good people out there . ''
Added Harper : `` Nurses , doctors , first responders , medics ... they 're working 70 hours straight . That 's how it is when you 're from there . You want to lend that hand as much as you can . ''
Las Vegas natives Bryce Harper and Kris Bryant are hoping their PSA will influence people around the country to help those affected by the Las Vegas shooting that left 58 dead and nearly 500 injured . G Fiume/Getty Images
Harper and Bryant believe the Major League Baseball playoffs are a good time to publicize what Las Vegas is going through , and they are hopeful people around the country will help .
`` In the NLDS , and the platform we have , the PSA was an easy thing to do , '' Bryant said . `` We wanted to help out in any way we can . People are going to be struggling for a long time -- just as they are after the hurricanes . You see this country coming together . Whatever we can to get people to support , we 're ready to do . ''
Reaching out as a duo was Harper 's idea . They may be foes come Friday night , but before and after the games , Bryant and Harper are two high-profile guys from Las Vegas trying to help a city recover from an emotional moment .
`` I was wondering what we can do from afar , '' Harper said . `` It 's tough . You want to go down there and help out . ... We just want to get the word out and have people provide even a dollar to whatever organization you want . It all counts . ''
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew their private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday . It 's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing .
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County 's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway , passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members .
On a recording , Ford asked air traffic controllers , `` Was that airliner meant to be underneath me ? '' according to NBC News , which first reported the incident .
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions , according to The Associated Press . Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane , a single-engine Aviat Husky . The AP reports that they did n't say how close Ford 's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground .
No one was injured and the jet , American Airlines Flight 1456 , took off for Dallas shortly after without incident .
The FAA is now investigating , which `` could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford 's pilot 's license , '' NBC reports .
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades . According to NPR 's Russell Lewis , Ford is `` a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot . He 's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes , seaplanes , helicopters and he 's also an instrument-rated pilot . '' In 2015 , Ford said they owned `` eight or nine various types of airplanes , '' according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com .
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that they had logged at least 5,200 flight hours , according to the NTSB .
They were a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy , and subsequently had an award named after him .
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when they crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff . A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part .
In 2000 , Ford 's plane `` departed '' a runway in Lincoln , Neb. , because of a gust of wind , according to AirSafe.com . They were flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which `` sustained minor damage , '' though Ford and their passenger were not injured .
And in 1999 they crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County , near Los Angeles , according to the AP . `` Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side , neither Ford nor the instructor were injured , '' AirSafe.com notes .
If there 's one scene that best captures the sense of hallucinatory wonder of watching HBO 's The Young Pope , it 's a vision that the Pope has in the season finale .
Advertisement
In their dream , the Pope ( who , you 've probably surmised by now , is young ) gets to meet a cluster of their long-dead predecessors . Pius XIII is seated at the foot of a long table in the Vatican while the old Popes shuffle in to face them on the opposite side of the table . One particularly dignified pope is playing the piano . “ I beg of you , ” the young Pope asks , “ confide in me the wisest thing you have ever learned. ” The wizened ghost Popes look at each other before one raises their hand and says , “ In the end , more than in God , it is necessary to believe in yourself . ”
“ Oh , ” the dejected Pope responds , “ Have you got something ... a little better ? ”
Advertisement
As the very premise of the show more or less telegraphs , Jude Law 's Lenny Belardo is a character imbued with the unshakable self confidence necessary to stir change—in this case , reversion as opposed to progress—within one of the most staid and implacable institutions on the face of the Earth . They only became the Pope after sparring factions within the clergy compromised and agreed to elect them in hopes that the placid , guileless young Cardinal they believed them to be would act as their puppet , but they are far too singular of a person to accept a diminished version of the office .
The first few episodes are the funniest , as an uncannily dapper Law swaggers through the Vatican , confounding Cardinals and generally making a show of dunking on anyone who offends them in ways large or small . It 's a satire , but a subtle one . You get the sense that the young Pope is winning and that the church will eventually operate in their image . Of course , that backfires and leaves the Vatican with a quasi-fundamentalist in charge who 's prepared to drag the church back to the 13th century . The church struggles with a religious literalist at the helm of the ship , and Pius XIII 's staunch refusal to lead in deference to the values of modern society threatens to take the church down the path of obsolescence .
But even the man formerly known as Lenny Belardo is not stern and uncompromising enough to truly destroy the church from within , and eventually comes to understand that much of their authoritarianism streak came as a defense against their fear of choice : choosing where the church should go in these constantly changing times , choosing the direction of all the lives under their control , even choosing who they are himself . As an orphan , the young Pope had no familial examples to model their core self after , and thus decided to adopt the unyielding values and austere temperament of the old Catholic God . When they reject their predecessors ' advice in the season finale , they are accepting their own smallness . It 's not enough to simply believe in God , or even yourself , to lead the church . The ideologue gradually softens and in doing so they truly find God for the first time .
Sponsored
On its face , that all sounds overwrought and boring . Make no mistake : The Young Pope is more of a comedy than anything else . Its campier elements are dispersed evenly between long soliloquies on the nature of God , but there 's comedy to be found even in the show 's most pensive moments . ( And not just in Law 's increasingly bizarre and uneven American accent . ) Before the Pope greets the College of Cardinals and implores them to adhere to their rigid , anachronistic vision for the church , there 's a montage of them getting dressed in their blinged-out Pope outfit to a LMFAO song . When they go to meet a child whom they basically willed into existence by demanding from God another immaculate conception ( like I said , it 's campy ) , they break the rapturous spell of holy birth by dropping the baby on their dumb noggin .
Lenny does change over the course of the show , accepting a gay priest to serve as their right-hand man and showing their face to the adoring public instead of remaining invisible , but they only compromises so much . The struggle between ideology and practicality is a central theme of The Young Pope , one that director Paolo Sorrentino renders with convincing nuance . Pius XIII does not reach a grand holy realization and flip-flop on abortion or gay marriage and they do n't cave in the face of enormous public pressure , but they soften around the edges . For a show utterly in love with heightening and sanctifying the absurd and the banal , its main character is charmingly human , even if they are a saint . “ Affliction changes us , ” Pius XIII tells a Cardinal at one point .
Advertisement
To read the show as just a meditation on the rigidity of belief and the church would be an oversimplification . The Young Pope at times flirts with being all number of different shows ; a tale of internecine power struggles for control of the church ; a love story where holy men must choose between God or their fellow humans ; a meditation on abuse ; an exploration of miracles and the power of God . The show 's most heartbreaking episode ends with multiple lives touched by abuse lurching on the precipice , but the next one starts with a gorgeous shot of a snow-dusted Vatican and an audio reveal that a potentially damning skeleton in the Pope 's closet has only strengthened him .
There is no unifying momentum to The Young Pope and it 's all the better for it . Sorrentino recognizes the absurdity at the heart of a show about a young hottie of a Pope and they trust viewers to ride out the tonal whiplash and enjoy their shimmering mirage of a show . While Jude Law smirks and huffs cigarettes and chugs Cherry Coke Zero™ , the show never veers into outright self-parody . Lenny performs actual miracles , but they occasionally lose track of reality while fixating on their long-lost parents . You 're not exactly supposed to like the young Pope or even agree with him , but their charisma and absurd self-regard are why the show works so well . He 's a bundle of contradictions and the show would collapse around them if they are n't such a forceful , inscrutable character .
Toni Nadal was tasked with the job of training and grooming their nephew since the day the future world No . 1 first showed promise . Toni would perform their job dutifully , with complete control of their young protégé 's life . It was Toni 's life 's work , and roughly 25 years later , it appears to be finished .
Toni was an avowed disciplinarian . Even after Rafael Nadal had earned a measure of fame , Toni demanded their pupil sweep their practice court before and after sessions . They forbade Rafael to jam their feet in and out of the shoes that they got for free without using the laces , because most people would never abuse shoes they paid for .
Toni made every tennis-related decision in Nadal 's life until Rafael was 17 years old , and their role remained paramount thereafter . Toni became a fixture in the player-guest boxes around the world . Their identity was unmistakable with a baseball cap blatantly advertising a Spanish hotel chain dutifully pulled low on their brow .
It was a unique and extremely successful relationship . Nadal won all 14 of their Grand Slam titles under the tutelage and watchful eye of their uncle . Starting in mid-2014 , though , injury and a slump drove Nadal off the rails for about 2½ years . The slump was complicated by a mental dimension , an uncharacteristic lack of confidence .
Uncle Toni was with Rafael Nadal throughout each of their 14 Grand Slam title runs . But just weeks after a surprising resurgence sent Nadal to the Australian Open final , where they fell to Roger Federer in five sets , the late-career makeover of Nadal took an intriguing turn . Toni , 55 , declared he 'll soon be done traveling and coaching their nephew . Instead , they will concentrate on running their tennis academy . It 's a seismic event in Nadal 's career .
`` Until [ Rafael ] was 17 years old , it was me who decided everything , '' Toni said to the website tennisitaliano.it . `` Then Carlos Costa arrived as manager . Then [ Rafael 's ] father became closer , each having their opinions . And the truth is that every year , I had less decision-making , until the day when I will decide on nothing . ''
Nadal has been faring well , with or without strong input from Toni . They are 8-2 on the season . Their run in Melbourne was their first major final in nearly three seasons , and they may once again be healthy for their cherished French Open -- a year after leaving the tournament in tears , unbeaten , but with a wrist injury .
The immediate question this raises : Is this a more appropriate time for Toni to celebrate Nadal 's resurgence , or to complain about losing power and control over their 30-year old nephew 's fate ?
Last December , Nadal added `` supercoach '' Carlos Moya . They were not just a former No . 1 and French Open champion , but a fellow Mallorcan , friend and mentor . The addition created the ideal opportunity for Toni to step back gracefully , if that 's what they desired to do . The academy job would only make it easier . It would be like saying , `` Move along , folks . Nothing to see here . ''
It did n't play out like that . Instead , it appears that Uncle Toni went rogue .
Toni Nadal has always spoken in a frank , dispassionate way . But it 's still hard to overlook the bitter undercurrent in some of their words and the odd timing of their announcement . Their comments torpedo the veneer of togetherness the Nadals strive to maintain . Just weeks ago , Rafael said this to the press at the Australian Open , regarding their decision to add Moya to their team : `` More than anything , you know , my uncle is my coach , I will never take a decision like this if Toni is not happy with it . ''
It 's impossible to imagine Nadal lying about this -- or , in light of all this , Toni having been `` happy with it . '' The way this is playing out implies that the Nadal makeover may be a more comprehensive and dynamic enterprise that it first appeared . And that may be good news for Nadal fans who thought the close friendship between Nadal and Moya would be an impediment in making painful but necessary changes .
That such changes were necessary seemed evident to many outside the Nadal camp . Their struggles over the past two-plus years suggested they had finally hit a wall they could not ram through . At first the wall was Novak Djokovic , then it became many different players . Suddenly , things that worked so well when Nadal was 24 were n't getting the job done for them as they closed on 30 .
Word spread . Perhaps Nadal needed to make tweaks or some major changes . Maybe Toni , or the team , was too set in its ways . Some cried for a coaching change . In June of 2015 , John McEnroe told the Spanish newspaper , Marca , `` It 's time to ask if [ Nadal ] needs fresh stuff in their team . They need a new coach . They should find external help that would complete what their uncle has already taught him . Like Boris Becker and Djokovic . ''
McEnroe proved prescient ; Moya came on board .
Nadal downplayed the significance of the partnership . Now we have to wonder if that was n't just to placate Toni , as they were gently being squeezed out . Perhaps that `` day when I decide on nothing '' Toni mentioned arrived when Moya signed on , and so the uncle went rogue .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - MTY Food Group Inc :
* A SECOND LEADING INDEPENDENT PROXY ADVISORY FIRM RECOMMENDS APPROVAL OF IMVESCOR-MTY COMBINATION
* IMVESCOR RESTAURANT GROUP - GLASS LEWIS & CO RECOMMENDS APPROVAL OF DEAL WITH MTY FOOD GROUP Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The adverse weather conditions weakened the entry of cattle at Markethill on Saturday 9th December however trade remained very firm .
A total of 180 store cattle sold to a full gallery of buyers including export agents .
HEIFERS
Heavy heifers sold from £195 to £218 per 100 kilos for 560k Charolais at £1,235 from Newtownhamilton farmer followed by £217 per 100 kilos for 534k Limousin at £1,160 from a Loughgall farmer .
Aberdeen Angus heifers sold to a top of £208 per 100 kilos for 580k at £1,220 for a Keady producer .
Main trade for good quality Aberdeen Angus from £180 to £204 per 100 kilos .
Good quality middleweight heifers sold steadily from £200 to £219 for 500k at £1,095 from a Forkhill farmer followed by £218 per 100 kilos for 390k at £855 from a Keady farmer .
Heavy heifers
Newtownhamilton farmer 566k , £1,235 , £218.00 ; Loughgall farmer 534k , £1,160 , £217.00 ; Newry farmer 524k , £1,100 , £210.00 ; Newtownhamilton farmer 592k , £1,240 , £209.00 ; Keady farmer 586k , £1,220 , £208.00 ; Newtownhamilton farmer 646k , £1,340 , £207.00 ; Loughgall farmer 534k , £1,095 , £205.00 ; Newtownhamilton farmer 638k , £1,305 , £205.00 .
Middleweight heifers
Forkhill farmer 500k , £1,095 , £219.00 ; Armagh farmer 392k , £855 , £218.00 ; Armagh farmer 392k , £850 , £217.00 ; Newtownhamilton farmer 468k , £1,000 , £214.00 ; Loughgall farmer 482k , £1,010 , £210.00 ; Armagh farmer 392k , £815 , £208.00 ; Forkhill farmer 482k , £1,000 , £207.00 ; Forkhill farmer 446k , £925 , £207.00 .
BULLOCKS
Heavy bullocks sold to £232 per 100 kilos for 534k Belgian Blue at £1,240 for an Armagh farmer .
Aberdeen Angus bullocks sold to £231 per 100 kilos for 506k at £1,170 from a Keady producer .
Several Aberdeen Anguses sold from £185 to £201 per 100 kilos .
Good quality Friesian bullocks sold to a top of £171 per 100 kilos for 656k at £1,120 for a Loughgall producer .
Main demand from £135 to £150 per 100 kilos .
Heavy bullocks
Armagh farmer 534k , £1,240 , £232.00 ; Armagh farmer 506k , £1,170 , £231.00 ; Armagh farmer 534k , £1,200 , £224.00 ; Loughgilly farmer 598k , £1,250 , £209.00 ; Armagh farmer 516k , £1,060 , £205.00 ; Armagh farmer 582k , £1,170 , £201.00 ; Armagh farmer 630k , £1,240 , £196.00 ; Tandragee farmer 594k , £1,165 , £196.00 .
Friesian bullocks
Armagh farmer 656k , £1,120 , £171.00 ; Richhill farmer 734k , £1,100 , £150.00 ; Moneymore farmer 534k , £780 , £146.00 ; Moneymore farmer 568k , £795 , £140.00 ; Portadown farmer 524k , £730 , £139.00 .
Middleweight bullocks
Keady farmer 408k , £880 , £216.00 ; Armagh farmer 430k , £880 , £205.00 ; Dungannon farmer 494k , £990 , £200.00 ; Armagh farmer 468k , £930 , £199.00 ; Armagh farmer 440k , £855 , £194.00 ; Armagh farmer 472k , £910 , £193.00 .
WEANLINGS
A small entry of weanlings sold in a steady demand .
Heifer weanlings sold to £243 per 100 kilos for 206k at £500 with good quality males selling from £200 to £231 for 256k at £590 .
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
The Foreign Office on Saturday said the bodies of 12 Pakistanis , in the boat sinking incident of the Libyan coast , were recovered .
Spokesperson of the Foreign Office Dr Mohammad Faisal took to twitter to share the names and details of the Pakistanis who were on the capsized boat .
Eight bodies were recovered and identified while four were recovered but only identified by the deceased persons ' friends and an identification document was yet to be found , Faisal wrote .
They further stated that documents of six individuals were found but bodies are yet to be recovered .
“ [ The ] Pakistani Embassy [ is ] working around the clock , ” the FO spokesperson assured in a tweet .
Stormy Daniels ' lawyer may transition from suing President Trump to challenging their seat in the Oval Office . Michael Avenatti could run for president in 2020 — but only if no one else seems qualified to take on Trump . The attorney apparently wants to see Trump out of office so badly that he 's willing to take matters into their own hands .
`` IF ( big ) they seek re-election , I will run , but only if I think that there is no other candidate in the race that has a REAL chance at beating him , '' Avenatti tweeted on Wednesday after someone asked when they would announce a 2020 run . `` We ca n't relive 2016 . I love this country , our values and our people too much to sit by while they are destroyed . ''
Avenatti is currently battling the president in court on behalf of Daniels , the adult film star who claims they had an affair with Trump in 2006 . Based on Avenatti 's tweets , they think they could be the nontraditional political candidate the Democrats need to beat Trump .
`` To those that claim that only a traditional politician with 'experience ' can beat Trump , go back & look at the results from 2016 , '' Avenatti tweeted on Wednesday . `` He beat all 15 of those candidates that they faced ( crushed many ) . If we go down the same path and are not smart , do n't be surprised with the result . ''
Avenatti has previously tweeted that whoever challenges Trump in 2020 better be `` a take no prisoners street fighter '' who is prepared for a brutal campaign . `` It will be a cage match like no other in modern times , '' they wrote , adding , `` The future of the republic may depend on it . ''
The attorney 's disdain for the president has been crystal clear since they began representing Daniels . They have criticized the Trump administration 's policy of separating families at the border and said other women claim to have had affairs with Trump . As for their lawsuit against Trump , they have claimed that the president 's team is `` making this up as they go along . ''
He 's certainly made a name for themselves this year , constantly appearing on cable news and using social media to draw attention to their case . They have the cash to run for office , too : Avenatti is worth roughly $ 20 million , according to To Squander . Throughout their legal career , he 's won more than $ 1 billion for their clients .
Despite the fact that they disagree on just about everything , Avenatti and Trump both have an affinity for a luxury lifestyle . The attorney 's monthly expenses run about $ 40,000 , including payments on a Ferrari and a Mercedes , and a private plane and pilot , according to their divorce documents obtained by Heavy . Theirs and their ex-wife 's Newport Beach home reportedly cost $ 100,000 a month in 2017 , coupled with a $ 14,000 payment every month for their Los Angeles apartment .
Their wealth has n't mad them sympathetic to Trump , though . And their recent comment about a possible 2020 run shows that he 's changed their mind about entering politics — within a matter of days .
`` I am extremely flattered by the suggestions that I attempt to become AG or run for the House or Senate but I have ZERO interest in those jobs . None , '' they tweeted over the weekend . `` I do n't want to become a career politician . We have too many as it is . ''
They added that he 's only interested in `` exposing the truth about Mr. Trump 's conduct and fighting like hell for the principles that matter so the American people can decide what happens next . ''
So either the presidency is uniquely appealing to Avenatti because it 's the highest political office in the nation , or they simply want to make sure Trump does n't serve a second term .
Tax Filings Seen Dipping Amid Trump Crackdown On Illegal Immigration
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ronnie Kaufman/Getty Images Ronnie Kaufman/Getty Images
Millions of taxpayers are rushing to complete their federal and state filings before the April 18 deadline . Among them are several million people in this country illegally , and there are signs that fewer such immigrants are filing than in years past .
There is a common belief that immigrants in this country without authorization do n't file or pay taxes . But the IRS says that last year nearly 4.5 million people across the country who do n't have Social Security numbers filed federal tax returns and many are in this country illegally .
At the Unity Council , an East Oakland , Calif. , community-based organization offering free tax preparation for low-income people , about a dozen clients and IRS-certified volunteer tax preparers spent a recent afternoon hunched over rows of aging computers .
`` We 'll help everyone , '' says Clarissa Johnson , who directs the clinic . `` We do n't ask them about their immigration status . That is between them and the tax preparer and that is confidential . ''
Many of these people use Individual Taxpayer Identification Numbers , or ITINs . Many ITIN holders are foreign investors or students . But it 's generally understood that most tax filers using an ITIN are in this country illegally — like 36-year-old Axel , who asked that we not use their last name because of their immigration status . They came to the U.S. from Guatemala several years ago . In their native Spanish , they said they have no hesitation about filing their tax returns .
`` First , because it 's my responsibility , I want to do things the correct way , '' they say .
Axel says a few years ago a shady tax preparer made mistakes on their return and they wound up getting fined several thousand dollars .
`` I do n't like to create problems for myself , '' they say .
There is an obvious incentive to file : a chance to get a refund . Johnson says another reason is that if a person winds up in immigration court , a record of having filed taxes is considered evidence of `` good moral character . ''
`` And especially if they are working toward their citizenship , it 's something that can show that they 're here for the long haul . They 're here each year paying their taxes , '' they say .
According to the Taxpayer Advocate Service , an office of the IRS , ITIN filers last year paid almost $ 24 billion in federal taxes .
Around the Nation Several States Work To Prevent Data Sharing About Immigration Status Several States Work To Prevent Data Sharing About Immigration Status Listen · 3:54 3:54
Yet as the Trump administration cracks down on illegal immigration , there 's some anecdotal evidence that fewer immigrants using ITINs are choosing to file their taxes this year .
`` Many of our clients are telling us that in years past they felt more hope and more of an ability to have a pathway toward citizenship and lately there 's a lot less hope , '' says Max Moy-Borgen , who runs the tax program at the Mission Economic Development Agency in San Francisco . It 's one of the largest free tax preparation programs in the country ..
Sending in a tax return with your current address and information is very unnerving to a population that wants to comply with the law and is actually leaving significant refunds on the table by not filing tax returns .
Overall , tax service providers in the San Francisco Bay Area say there 's about a 20 percent decline in the number of people filing with ITINs . There are similar reports from service providers in other areas of the country , according to Francine Lipman , who teaches tax law at the University of Nevada .
`` Sending in a tax return with your current address and information is very unnerving to a population that wants to comply with the law and is actually leaving significant refunds on the table by not filing tax returns , '' they say .
Still , the IRS is barred from sharing its information with other government agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security except under limited circumstances .
But Lipman says many ITIN filers have to decide whether to trust that firewall .
