Almost 800 drivers have been caught by an average speed camera in the three months since its installation .
Figures released to the Leader by Freedom of Information request have revealed that since a £130,000 camera was installed on the A548 Sealand Road in April , 796 motorists have been identified as going beyond the 50mph speed limit .
The camera was installed on the busy road following a decade-long battle for increased road safety measures .
In a bid to curb the number of accidents on the stretch of road , the system operates over a four-kilometre stretch of the A548 , from the existing 50mph speed limit east of Manor Road to the county boundary with Cheshire .
The scheme was the first of its kind to be installed in North Wales and was put in place in partnership by Flintshire Council and road safety organisation GoSafe .
Figures revealed to the Leader by North Wales Police identified that of the 796 drivers caught speeding , 158 have received a fixed penalty of £100 fine and three points on their licence .
A further 152 drivers have undergone a speed awareness course while 34 have been processed for court hearings .
Of the total caught , 32 were unable to be identified while 13 were discontinued .
Officers still have 407 cases yet to be processed .
Cllr Christine Jones was one of many to push for greater speed restraints on Sealand Road and was shocked by the figures released .
They said : “ I knew it was a lot but that 's immense .
“ That proves that the camera was needed and that the campaign was necessary .
“ It shows that if you speed , you will be prosecuted and this is what needs pointing out .
“ The camera is there for a reason because of the tragedies we 've had previously . ”
Studies carried out by the local authority identified the majority of the accidents have been shown to be speed related .
The system measures average speeds over the route and fixed penalty notices will be issued if vehicles are found to be exceeding the speed limit along the route .
Cllr Jones added that as a regular user of the road , they had noticed a change in behaviour from some motorists since the camera 's installation .
“ I think people are behaving better now , ” they said .
“ You do n't see people overtaking as much any more , which was a ridiculous and dangerous practise .
“ Imagine how many people were speeding before this , it proves our campaign was correct . ”
Adam Dandy , who runs Dandy 's Topsoil business on Sealand Road , backed the camera 's installation and was disappointed to learn of so many flouting the limit .
They said : “ Just imagine how many people were speeding before the cameras were put up .
“ Hopefully those caught since , will slow down on the road in future , making it safer and safer as time goes by .
“ I am more convinced , now than ever , that these cameras will save numerous families from going through the grief and pain of losing a loved one in the future . ”
April 6 Barclays Africa Group Ltd :
* S & P downgrades South African Banks
* Downgrade of sovereign has a direct impact to banks that are systemic to economy
* Also acknowledge Moody 's announcement that they are putting South Africa under review for a downgrade
* Barclays Africa is well-capitalised with a strong liquidity position and a balance sheet of over 1 trillion rands
* Remain well capitalised for our strategy , risk appetite , risk profile , business activities and macroeconomic environment
* Remain committed to initiatives in support of government 's efforts to effect structural reforms to stimulate inclusive economic growth Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 806 749 1136 )
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
May 2 China Tontine Wines Group Ltd :
* Wang Lijuan has retired from their position as executive director of company
* Wang Lijuan has retired from their position as executive director of company
* Wang Lijun has been appointed as executive director of company Source text : [ bit.ly/2p4fRPu ] Further company coverage :
Thinkstock
UNDATED - There are a lot of Halloween related events planned around the St . Cloud Metro Area today through Tuesday .
If you and your kids get to just a few of these events this weekend , they 'll have no shortage of candy in their plastic pumpkins well before Halloween night arrives .
April 13 Wells Fargo & Co , which has been mired in litigations stemming from a sales scandal , reported a 0.6 percent fall in quarterly profit on Thursday , hit by weaker mortgage banking fees and higher costs .
The third-largest U.S. bank by assets said net income applicable to common shareholders fell to $ 5.06 billion , or $ 1.00 per share , in the first quarter ended March 31 , from $ 5.09 billion , or 99 cents per share , a year earlier .
Analysts on average had estimated earnings of 96 cents per share , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S . It was not immediately clear if the reported figures were comparable .
Wells Fargo has been dealing with multiple lawsuits and regulatory inquiries since government investigations found in September that some of its employees had opened as many as two million accounts without customers ' knowledge .
The scandal damaged the bank 's folksy image and also led to the ouster of Chief Executive John Stumpf , but growing deposit balances and a stable level of account closings show that profitability in the long run should not be hampered .
The company has been reporting customer activity in its branch banking unit on a monthly basis ever since the scandal , in an effort to be transparent with investors and to win back their trust .
Wells Fargo 's total revenue fell 0.9 percent to $ 22 billion . ( Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru and Dan Freed in New York ; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty )
The owners of the well-respected and long-standing O'Brien Insurance Agency in New Milford , Conn. , Chris and Amy O'Brien , have expanded their business to open a second office in New Fairfield , Conn .
O'Brien Insurance Agency , LLC owners Chris and Amy O'Brien
Contact
O'Brien Insurance Agency , LLC
cobrien @ obrieninsurance.com
203-456-8075 O'Brien Insurance Agency , LLC203-456-8075
End
-- Having established the highly-respected O'Brien Insurance Agency , LLC in New Milford in 2001 , founder and owner Christopher O'Brien has recently expanded the family-owned business southward to open a second office in New Fairfield . `` While our flagship office at 108 Kent Road/Route 7 in New Milford has very successfully served our clients for over 17 years , we opened a second office at # 88 on Route 37 in New Fairfield to extend our services and variety of insurance products to an area we believe will benefit from an independent insurance agency . Our intentions are to bring to the New Fairfield community the same high level of commitment and professionalism our staff has always provided for our clients , '' explained O'Brien.The two O'Brien Insurance Agency , LLC offices offer coverage plans from a broad variety of national carriers for auto , home , life , health , and commercial . `` As an independent agency , '' O'Brien explained , `` our team can provide individuals , families , homeowners and business owners with a selection of options from different carriers that will best meet their various insurance coverage needs . `` The expansion to a second office in New Fairfield was due to O'Brien 's observation that there has not been an active insurance agency in the community for many years . `` My wife Amy and I have family in New Fairfield , so I became aware there is currently no active insurance agency in this upscale , tight-knit community . One of our top agents , Brian Peet , has been a resident of New Fairfield their entire life , so they also helped our agency recognize the need within this community for an agency to fulfill the insurance needs of residents and business owners alike . `` Licensed in Connecticut , New York , California , Arizona , Florida , New Jersey and other states , the O'Brien Insurance Agency has many clients who began their auto , home , life , health , or business insurance coverage with the original New Milford-based O'Brien Insurance Agency . When those individuals , families , and businesses , moved to other states , they have continued to seek the guidance and insurance products offered by the popular agency.Christopher O'Brien has been in the insurance industry for 24 years . Having grown up in nearby Brewster , New York , they began their career as an agent in 1994 while working with one of the nation 's largest life insurance companies . `` A family member who was also in the insurance industry , '' explained O'Brien , `` asked me at that time if I would help them in their office because their partner was battling Melanoma cancer . `` This was a very difficult decision for me because it was a conflict of interest for the company I worked with and could potentially significantly jeopardize my career . However , because this person needed my help , I chose , regardless of the ramifications , to assist my relative . To this day , I am forever grateful to Gary Adams , the owner of that agency , who I stepped in to help and sadly they succumbed to the terrible disease in 1999 . `` O'Brien expressed that they will , `` Forever be grateful to Gary Adams for showing me qualities of character and professionalism that have brought me to the success of my business for the past 17 years , and now our expansion to New Fairfield . Fortunately for me , I fully understand and appreciate that the career path in the insurance industry that I chose has been due to my time working with Gary . `` Very early in my career while with Gary Adams ' agency I consistently witnessed their unfailing commitment and dedication to their clients . Their devotion taught me many personal and professional qualities that I strive to exemplify in all that I do day-after-day , year-after-year . `` Christopher O'Brien opened the New Milford agency in 2000 when they and their wife Amy had a two-year-old girl and Amy was pregnant with their son . `` In retrospect , '' O'Brien commented , `` perhaps this was not the best time to start a new business but for many reasons , it made sense at the time . When we officially opened the agency , the staff consisted of myself , my niece Sara , and Amy . This was the entire staff for the first year or so . `` By 2004 , we had nine employees . By 2006 , we invested into the most current , state-of-the-art agency management software system available to service our growing clientele roster . Even before opening our agency , I understood that servicing the ever-changing needs of our clients would be of paramount importance , and that continues to hold true today . `` Every year , the O'Brien Insurance Agency collaborates with all the insurance carriers we represent to ensure that we are offering products and services that are best for our clients . As an independent insurance agency , we represent multiple insurance companies . This allows our staff to customize coverage programs that suit each and every one of our clients ' individual and unique needs . `` The O'Brien Insurance Agency , LLC is located in the rear lower level of 88 CT 37 in New Fairfield and at 108 Kent Road in New Milford . The New Fairfield agency can be reached at 203-456-8075 , and the New Milford agency at 860-350-5505 , toll-free 1-866-676-8288 , and by fax to 860-354-2252 . Both agencies are open 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. and can be reached via email at info @ obrieninsurance.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags :
• Jewelry
• Luxury Industry :
• Jewelry Location :
• Atlanta - Georgia - US Subject :
• Events
Media Contact
10 Squared
678-637-0982
* * * @ 10squaredpr.com 10 Squared678-637-0982
End
-- Melànie D. Design , a luxury diamond jewelry brand based in Atlanta , Georgia , will introduce its new collection on Saturday , January 14 , 2017 at an exclusive location . The launch will give a sneak peek into the collection 's unparalleled pieces , which are exquisitely crafted using the finest materials.Melànie 's artistic journey began with the loss of a diamond in a ring their mother gifted them after the untimely death of their father . Seeking to replace the unique stone , they located a jeweler in California to handle the repair . As Melànie conversed with the jeweler , they asked about the history of their ring—she shared the story of their father . The jeweler asked them to send them the ring and days later returned it to Melànie with the signature two teardrop diamonds once again in place.The jeweler informed Melànie that there would be no charge for the repair , but instead they asked for one of their drawings in return . During the repair process , they noticed their incredible talent for design and asked for more jewelry sketches . `` I started sketching and inspiration just took over , '' says Melànie.Unique in concept , Melànie D. Designs are all custom made . From the beginning of the design process , clients share their personal stories and memories that evolve into one-of-a-kind , wearable works of art . `` Designing is a spiritual experience for me and every piece is a highly personal labor of love , '' says Melànie.The Melànie D. Design debut collection includes necklaces , earrings , bracelets , and rings fit for any occasion . Distinct features include the exquisite details surrounding the mosaic pave design , and the Bird of Paradise Motif ( Melànie 's father 's favorite flower ) that they incorporate into several of their key pieces.Melànie D. Design complete collection will be available for viewing at the private launch on January 14 , 2017 . Pricing is available upon request.For more information about Melànie D. Design , please visit http : //melanied.design/ or @ melanieddesign on Instagram and Twitter.The private launch for Melànie D. Design will take place on Saturday , January 14 , 2017 from 6:00 PM to 9:00 PM at a private location . Media interested in attending , please submit your request to Angela Watts of 10 Squared via email : press ( at ) 10squaredpr.com .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking ; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers , while soft U.S. economic data , a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world 's largest economy hurt sentiment .
Kelowna city councillor Brad Sieben is not a fan of a temporary 46-unit supportive housing project being located on Commerce Avenue .
And they think some of the commercial business neighbours of the BC Housing project earmarked for a vacant lot on the west side of Commerce will share their sentiments .
“ I am supportive of these types of housing proposals but this is not the location or the design form and character , ” Sieben said .
Recent : Kelowna social housing project revised
Speaking at the city council meeting on Monday , Sieben said they had a hard time grasping how city planning staff recommended the original project concept , which called for temporary modular housing , and is perhaps giving too much latitude in development guidelines because of the shortfall of housing for homeless and supportive services .
To suggest this reworked proposal might be okay now may not represent the true feelings of its neighbours , Sieben suggested .
The original proposal was met with significant resistance last fall , noted Coun . Maxine DeHart , but they have n't heard that same sentiment regarding the revised plan .
“ I was waiting for people to start coming by at my hotel , but I 've heard no comments or phone calls . That says to me hopefully that the public is more warmed up to this revised proposal , ” DeHart said .
Related : Delay requested in homeless housing development
Mayor Colin Basran said the message they heard was consistent initially —have no problem with the land use but do n't like how it looks .
“ This is a huge improvement over what was originally proposed , ” said Basran .
“ But there is a lot riding on this application as it needs to mix into the existing neighbourhood in a seamless fashion . There is a lot of work yet to do to ensure this is comparable and not disruptive to the neighbourhood .
“ All eyes are on us with this because if this is n't working in this neighbourhood , it will be challenged to get other neighbourhoods to go along . I do n't want to put pressure on anyone but we need to make sure this works or it will be an uphill battle for future similar projects . ”
Coun . Luke Stack disagreed with Sieben 's assessment of the project , calling it very appropriate for the location .
“ The original proposal had the look of a trailer park , but looking at this revised proposal has the appearance of a small office building not much different from any other building of that type up and down Highway 97 , ” Stack said .
“ It has good fencing , landscaping and I think fits in perfectly with the surrounding area . I would have no problem approving this as a commercial use building project . ”
To report a typo , email : edit @ kelownacapnews.com .
@ BarryGerding
barry.gerding @ blackpress.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump on Saturday claimed complete vindication from a congressional memo that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance powers during the investigation into their campaign 's possible Russia ties . But the memo also includes revelations that might complicate efforts by Trump and their allies to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller 's inquiry .
The four-page document released Friday contends that the FBI , when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a onetime Trump campaign associate , relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats . At the same time , the memo confirms that the investigation into potential Trump links to Russia actually began several months earlier , and was “ triggered ” by information involving a different campaign aide .
Christopher Steele , the former spy who compiled the allegations , acknowledged having strong anti-Trump sentiments . But they also are a “ longtime FBI source ” with a credible track record , according to the memo from the House Intelligence Committee chairperson , Rep. Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , and their staff .
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of former campaign adviser Carter Page was not a one-time request , but was approved by a judge on four occasions , the memo says , and even signed off on by the second-ranking official at the Justice Department , Rod Rosenstein , whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general .
Trump , however , tweeted from Florida , where they were spending the weekend , that the memo puts them in the clear .
“ This memo totally vindicates ‘ Trump ' in probe , ” they said . “ But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their ( sic ) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! ”
The underlying materials that served as the basis for the warrant application were not made public in the memo . As a result , the document only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counterintelligence investigation that Mueller later inherited . Even as Democrats described it as inaccurate , some Republicans quickly cited the memo — released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department — in their arguments that Mueller 's investigation is politically tainted .
A closer read presents a far more nuanced picture .
“ Having decided to cherry-pick , the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative , ” Matthew Waxman , a Columbia University law professor and former Bush administration official , wrote in an email .
The memo 's central allegation is that agents and prosecutors , in applying in October 2016 to monitor Page 's communications , failed to tell a judge that the opposition research that provided grounds for the FBI 's suspicion received funding from Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee . Page had stopped advising the campaign sometime around the end of that summer .
Steele 's research , according to the memo , “ formed an essential part ” of the warrant application . But it 's unclear how much or what information Steele collected made it into the application , or how much has been corroborated . Steele was working for Fusion GPS , a firm initially hired by the conservative Washington Free Beacon to do opposition research on Trump . Steele did n't begin work on the project until after Democratic groups took over the funding .
Republicans say a judge should have known that “ political actors ” were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — an accusation they have consistently and strenuously denied .
The FBI this week expressed “ grave concerns ” about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete . Democrats said it was a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and that releasing the memo would damage law enforcement and intelligence work .
For one , Democrats said it was misleading and incorrect to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele 's research .
Beyond that , though , the memo confirms the FBI 's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016 , months before the surveillance warrant was sought , and was “ triggered ” by information concerning campaign aide George Papadopoulos . They pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI .
The confirmation about Papadopoulos is “ the most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo , ” California Rep. Adam Schiff , the House committee 's top Democrat , said in a tweet Saturday in response to Trump 's assertion that the document vindicated him .
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page , who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in Trump 's inner circle , had generated law enforcement scrutiny . The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI 's radar a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence .
The memo focuses on Page , but Democrats on the House committee said “ this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with , or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier , and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture . ”
Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias . The warrant requested was renewed on three additional occasions , meaning that judges approved it four times .
The memo had been classified because it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . The White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release .
That disclosure is extraordinary because it involves details about surveillance of Americans , national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified . The release is likely to further escalate the conflict between the White House and Trump 's law enforcement leaders . Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo 's disclosure , arguing it could set a dangerous precedent .
The memo 's release also comes amid an effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller 's investigation . Their probe focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
April 5 Essa Pharma Inc :
* Essa Pharma receives US $ 1.2 million grant payment from Cancer Prevention Research Institute of Texas
* Essa Pharma - payment is part of total non-dilutive grant of $ 12.0 million originally awarded in July 2014 , is repayable out of potential future product revenues Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
New Delhi [ India ] , Dec 11 ( ANI ) : Leading economists of the country suggested a range of measures including those for fiscal consolidation , tax reforms , disinvestment of Public Sector Units ( PSUs ) , lowering of corporate tax at the Pre Budget consultation meeting with the Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley .
`` Suggestion was made to lower the Corporate Tax up to 20 percent by removing all exemptions in order to make it competitive at international level . It was also suggested to tax Long Term Capital Gains to bring equity and raise revenue and reduce MAT ( Minimum Alternate Tax ) , '' the Finance Ministry said in an official release .
The economists recommended that in the forthcoming budget , the Government should continue to follow the path of fiscal consolidation and also said that more incentives should be given on infrastructure investment as well as to SME and construction sectors without compromising on macro-economic stability .
`` It was suggested to issue long term New India Bonds to finance pension and infrastructure and to set-up National Level Investment Promotion Body to promote private investment through policy reforms and incentives , '' the release stated highlighting that the economists recommended boosting private and public investment in Defence Sector .
The Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in their opening remarks at the meeting said that despite subdued global economic growth , India 's growth remains impressive and one of the best in the world during the last three years .
`` Growth of Second Quarter of the Current Financial Year 2017-18 marks the reversal of the declining trend of growth witnessed in the last few quarters and we are following the roadmap of fiscal consolidation , '' Jaitley said adding that the fiscal deficit as a ratio of GDP stood at 3.9 percent in 2015-16 and 3.5 percent in 2016-17 and is budgeted to be 3.2 percent for the Current Financial Year 2017-18 .
The Finance Minister further said that these fiscal targets have been achieved due to focus on expenditure rationalisation , plugging of loopholes in public expenditure through Direct Benefit Transfer Scheme ( DBT ) and the Public Financial Management System ( PFMS ) , and by making innovative revenue raising efforts among others . ( ANI )
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
There 's no shortage of restaurants out there that serve pizza . So for one to really thrive in this crowded market , it has to stand out . 1000 Degrees Neapolitan Pizza is one such restaurant that does so by offering a unique style and ingredients .
You can read more about the restaurant and the story behind it in this week 's Small Business Spotlight .
What the Business Does
Runs a chain of fast casual pizza franchise restaurants .
Founder Brian Petruzzi told Small Business Trends , “ At 1000 Degrees , we serve personalized , made-to-order authentic Neapolitan pizza . The menu is filled with fresh , high-quality ingredients including artisan-made cheeses and imported meats . ”
Business Niche
Unique ingredients and cooking process .
Petruzzi says , “ I think there are three main things that make 1000 Degrees stand out in the crowded fast casual pizza industry :
1 . Dough — Our authentic Neapolitan dough recipe dates back more than 100 years from the Campania region of Italy ( Naples ) . Our authentic Neapolitan dough is made fresh daily and hand tossed using authentic Neapolitan flour and is mixed using an authentic fork-style mixer . We do n't use the dough hook style traditional mixer used in most pizzerias across the country . Our fork-style mixer is what creates the crispy , airy thin crust .
2 . Sauce – Our San-Marzano and Cherry tomato-based sauces are delicious and the best sauces customers have ever tasted .
3 . Oven – We use a hand-made , proprietary oven that cooks pizzas to perfection in about two minutes . Our hand tossed pizzas cook for about 120 seconds and are back to the customer just minutes after placing their order . ”
How the Business Got Started
After multiple entrepreneurial ventures .
Petruzzi says , “ I 've always been an entrepreneur , even when I was young . At the age of 11 , I ran a 300-house newspaper route and also started one of the first bulletin board phone systems in the neighborhood with my brother . At 19 , I bought into a tanning salon franchise , which I grew into seven stores . Shortly after that , I started a movie rental chain and then a frozen yogurt franchise . All of this led me to the fast casual pizza space , which was always the plan . Growing up in an Italian family , I dreamt of opening a pizza restaurant just like my grandparents had . ”
Biggest Win
Breaking into an international market .
Petruzzi explains , “ The biggest win we 've had was the signing of the Malaysia contract . We 'd been looking to potentially do an international deal in an emerging market so we could both set the tone within the market and introduce a legitimate and more authentic alternative to the few that had penetrated . I think that we 've done that effectively . ”
Biggest Risk
Franchising .
Petruzzi says , “ The biggest risk we 've taken so far was choosing the franchise model over either private equity or internal growth . The reason this is risky is because you give up the day-to-day operations to the individual owners , and they may not share the passion we have , and ultimately run their store in a way that is either inefficient , or improper . So far , the positives have outweighed the negatives . While we have had a few partners who were not as committed as they should have been , many understand now the type of work it takes to be successful in this business . Going forward we have honed our screening process to weed out the ones who we do n't think will be a good fit for the concept . ”
Team Tradition
Gathering at the community table .
Petruzzi says , “ Everyone who works for our company has their own office , but we naturally congregate around the back community table . It makes it easier for all of us to stay connected , and we 're friends both inside and outside of these walls which makes the working relationship very unique . We even share a love of animals and have several animals in our offices . ”
Favorite Office Food
Pizza !
Petruzzi says , “ It 's an open canvas , so whatever you 're in the mood for can be satisfied with a pizza . Even within our concept we have a wide variety — you can get a classic Margherita or a Bacon Mac & Cheese pizza . ”
Favorite Quote
‘ Those who say it ca n't be done should n't get in the way of those doing it . ' – Unknown
* * * * *
Find out more about the Small Biz Spotlight program
April 13 Canada 's main stock index looked set to extend losses from previous session on Thursday , with June futures on the S & P TSX index down 0.15 percent at 7:15 a.m . ET .
Weakness in financial and natural resource sectors weighed on Canada 's main stock index on Wednesday , offsetting a sharp boost in BlackBerry Ltd 's shares after it won an arbitration ruling against chipmaker Qualcomm Inc .
New home prices index and data on manufacturing sales is due at 8:30 a.m . ET .
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.19 percent at 7:15 a.m . ET , while S & P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.29 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were up/down 0.27 percent .
( Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here )
TOP STORIES
Chipmaker Qualcomm Inc said on Wednesday it was asked to refund Canada 's BlackBerry Ltd $ 814.9 million in an arbitration over royalties for certain past sales .
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Medical Facilities Corp : RBC cuts rating to `` sector perform '' from `` outperform ''
Rogers Communications : Morgan Stanley raises target price to C $ 61 from C $ 54
TFI International Inc : RBC cuts rating to `` sector perform '' from `` outperform ''
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m . ET
Gold futures : $ 1286.3 ; +0.86 percent
US crude : $ 53.17 ; +0.11 percent
Brent crude : $ 55.96 ; +0.18 percent
LME 3-month copper : $ 5688 ; +1.07 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON THURSDAY
08:30 Initial jobless claims : Expected 245,000 ; Prior 234,000
08:30 Jobless claim 4-week average : Prior 250,000
08:30 Continued jobless claim : Expected 2.028 mln ; Prior 2.028 mln
08:30 PPI final demand yy for Mar : Expected 2.4 pct ; Prior 2.2 pct
08:30 PPI final demand mm for Mar : Expected 0.0 pct ; Prior 0.3 pct
08:30 PPI ex food/energy yy for Mar : Expected 1.8 pct ; Prior 1.5 pct
08:30 PPI ex food/energy mm for Mar : Expected 0.2 pct ; Prior 0.3 pct
08:30 PPI ex food/energy/transport yy for Mar : Prior 1.8 pct
08:30 PPI ex food/energy/transport mm for Mar : Prior 0.3 pct
10:00 U Mich Sentiment Preliminary for Apr : Expected 96.5 ; Prior 96.9
10:00 U Mich Conditions Preliminary for Apr : Expected 112.4 ; Prior 113.2
10:00 U Mich Expectations Preliminary for Apr : Expected 86.0 ; Prior 86.5
10:00 U Mich 1 year inflation preliminary for Apr : Prior 2.5 pct
10:00 U Mich 5-year inflation preliminary for Apr : Prior 2.4 pct
10:30 ECRI Weekly Index : Prior 145.0
10:30 ECRI weekly annualized : Prior 7.5 pct
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS , CLICK ON CODES :
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ( $ 1= C $ 1.32 ) ( Reporting by Nikhil Kumar in Bengaluru ; Editing by Maju Samuel )
The chief executives of Intel Corp , Merck & Co Inc and Under Armour Inc resigned from U.S. President Donald Trump 's American Manufacturing Council on Monday , following Trump 's initially tepid response to weekend violence at a rally of white supremacists in Charlottesville , Virginia .
`` I resigned from the council to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues ... , '' Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said in a blog post . intel.ly/2fFOjAd
Kenneth Fraizer , the chief executive of drugmaker Merck and an African-American , said they left the advisory council because of the president 's reaction after the violence between white supremacists and counterprotesters . Frazier cited the need to `` take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ''
The AFL-CIO , a federation of labor unions that represent 12.5 million workers , said it was considering pulling its representative on the committee .
After the white nationalist rally turned deadly on Saturday , Trump initially said that many sides were to blame . On Monday , in a statement , Trump denounced neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan as criminals and thugs , bowing to mounting political pressure as critics assailed them for not singling out white supremacists .
The CEO of Under Armour , Kevin Plank , announced their resignation from the council in a Twitter posting . `` We remain resolute in our potential and ability to improve American manufacturing , '' said Plank . `` However , Under Armour engages in innovation and sports , not politics . ''
Plank was criticized last winter by some of Under Armour 's biggest stars over their support of Trump , comments that basketball star Stephen Curry echoed .
The demonstration in Charlottesville by hundreds of white nationalists took a deadly turn on Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counterprotesters and killed one person .
`` America 's leaders must honor our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal , '' Frazier said in a statement announcing their resignation . ( bit.ly/2fFnITM )
`` As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience , I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism , '' they said .
Trump responded shortly later in a tweet , saying , `` Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ''
Trump doubled down on their attack later in the day , tweeting that Merck `` is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES ! ''
The son of a janitor , Frazier joined Merck as general counsel of one of the drugmaker 's subsidiaries in 1992 , working their way up to CEO of the company in 2011 .
They made their name as the company 's top lawyer , steering it through daunting litigation over Vioxx , its widely used painkiller that was withdrawn in 2004 after being linked to heart attacks .
Many observers thought Merck would eventually have to shell out $ 10 billion or more to thousands of plaintiffs over the drug 's withdrawal . But Frazier 's legal strategy led to a $ 4.85 billion settlement in 2007 , allowing Merck to refocus on its pipeline of experimental medicines .
Merck shares closed up 0.5 percent on the New York Stock Exchange , roughly in line with the wider market .
Frazier frequently made political contributions during the 2016 election , donating to both Republican and Democratic members of Congress but making no donations to a presidential candidate during the year .
The political PAC maintained by Merck and funded through donations from Merck employees made over $ 1.1 million in candidate contributions during the 2016 campaign - but did not contribute to Trump or their Democratic rival , Hillary Clinton , according to documents filed with the Federal Elections Commission .
The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , which represents the pharmaceutical industry and lobbies on its behalf in Congress , declined to offer a statement of support for Frazier or to comment on Trump 's reaction .
The industry 's silence comes as Trump is finalizing an executive order on drug prices that would relax industry regulation and contains measures that , some say , would protect existing drug prices or even increase them .
Individually , at least one CEO , John Maraganore of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals , tweeted their support , saying they were “ proud to stand with leaders like Ken Frazier . ”
Other top business leaders also spoke out in response to the violence in Charlottesville .
`` I support Ken Frazier 's decision . I 'm thankful we have business leaders such as Ken to remind America of its better angels , '' said Hewlett Packard Enterprises CEO Meg Whitman , who ran for governor of California as a Republican in 2010 .
Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein tweeted : `` Lincoln : ' A house divided against itself can not stand . ' Isolate those who try to separate us . No equivalence w/ those who bring us together . ''
Richard Trumka , president of the largest federation of U.S. labor unions , the AFL-CIO , questioned the council 's effectiveness and said the group was mulling leaving .
`` The AFL-CIO has unequivocally denounced the actions of bigoted domestic terrorists in Charlottesville and called on the president to do the same , '' Trumka said in a statement .
Several executives from top U.S. companies have previously stepped down from a number of presidential advisory councils in protest to Trump policies .
Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger left the President 's Strategic and Policy Forum , a business advisory group , in June , after Trump said they would withdraw from the Paris climate accord . Musk also left the manufacturing council .
Former Uber Technologies Inc [ UBER.UL ] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration 's immigration policies .
The White House said Sunday that Trump 's remarks condemning violence at a white nationalist rally were meant to include the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups .
Democrats and Republicans criticized Trump for waiting too long to address the violence - their first major domestic crisis as president - and for failing when they did speak out to explicitly condemn white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee .
Trump on Saturday initially denounced what they called `` this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides . ''
On Sunday , however , the White House added : `` The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence , bigotry , and hatred , and of course that includes white supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi , and all extremist groups . They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ''
Read More Trump Attacks Merck 's Black CEO After They Resign From Trump Council
Banner / Thumbnail : Reuters
County 's top lawman says treatment programs play a vital role in crime fight , even in face of funding threats
[ Noozhawk 's note : This article is part of Day 7 in Noozhawk 's 12-day , six-week special investigative series , Prescription for Abuse . Related links are below . ]
Name : Bill Brown
Location : Santa Barbara County
Role : Sheriff
Santa Barbara County Sheriff Bill Brown sees substance abuse as a growing problem among the citizens he 's sworn to protect as well as those he 's put away . Drug usage contributes to jail overcrowding and higher recidivism , they say .
Brown , a former Lompoc police chief , was elected sheriff in 2006 and they ran unopposed when they were re-elected in 2010 .
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
They have worked with community organizations that look at larger issues , including recidivism and re-entry , mental health and substance abuse . In their view , they say , long-term change will only come from a balanced approach to law enforcement , which includes prevention , intervention and enforcement programs .
Brown has been at their most vocal during the county 's budget battles , and has said they feel as if he 's presided over the “ systematic dismantling of the Sheriff 's Office . ”
“ When we cut , the one that gets cut is the one with the most future promise : prevention and intervention , ” they said .
Eighty percent of inmates in the County Jail have a drug- or alcohol-related component to their crimes , so encouraging treatment is an important step to lowering crime levels and jail overcrowding , Brown said .
According to reports from the county Coroner 's Office , a division of the Sheriff 's Department , prescription medications , alcohol and illegal narcotics are listed as the cause of death in dozens of fatalities every year , with hundreds of other people showing up in local emergency rooms with close calls .
With such a high correlation between substance use and crime , it 's perhaps not surprising that California 's average recidivism rates are around 75 percent . But in Santa Barbara County , inmate graduates of the Sheriff 's Treatment Program have a significantly lower rate of being rearrested after their release , at 35 percent .
The program is conducted entirely inside the County Jail and it actually is supervised by a former inmate and addict . Brown said it was essential to have a “ credible voice ” in the program .
“ This is an example where we have to walk the walk and open the door for someone who had turned around , ” they told Noozhawk .
Brown is a steering committee member of Fighting Back , which is run by the Santa Barbara Council on Alcoholism & Drug Abuse , and they have thrown their full support behind Santa Barbara County 's re-entry philosophy .
With more state prison felons being released from their sentences early or being transferred to local jails , Brown has collaborated with the District Attorney 's Office , the Probation Department and other local public safety agencies to organize a re-entry system well in advance . Santa Barbara County is said to be “ light years ahead ” of others .
The County Jail is continuously over capacity and last year Brown pushed hard — but unsuccessfully — for a sales tax measure that would have provided millions of dollars for a new jail . The facility 's design was treatment-centered , with cells grouped around classroom areas for easier mobility of inmates .
Even as the Board of Supervisors continues to cut budgets , the Sheriff 's Department proceeds with efforts to combat prescription drug abuse through Operation Medicine Cabinet , which was launched under Brown 's tenure in 2009 .
The program 's drop-off boxes are located at nine sheriff 's substations throughout the county , providing citizens a place to get rid of expired or unused drugs . Demand for the resource is high , with the drop boxes collecting about one ton of medications every three months .
“ The realities are that a legally prescribed drug taken recklessly will kill you just as quickly as an illicit drug , ” Brown said .
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
WISE WORDS : Former Kepnock State High School student Jamie Olsen delivered an inspiring speech at the University of Melbourne 's graduation ceremony for the School of Business .
WISE WORDS : Former Kepnock State High School student Jamie Olsen delivered an inspiring speech at the University of Melbourne 's graduation ceremony for the School of Business . Contributed
A FORMER Kepnock High School student who set up a program to motivate Bundaberg 's next generation of entrepreneurs has delivered an inspiring speech at the University of Melbourne 's graduation ceremony for the School of Business .
Jamie Olsen graduated from the University of Melbourne in 1997 with a Bachelor of Commerce ( First Class Honours ) , majoring in finance .
Since then he 's built a career in investment banking and venture capital focused on the technology , media and entertainment sectors , establishing their own corporate advisory and investment firm CMB Capital in 2010 .
Passionate about fostering entrepreneurship for the next generation they launched a start-up program at their former high school and in Melbourne on Saturday , Mr Olsen spoke about the program , in particular student Caitlyn Anderson .
`` The next stage of my life will involve arming the next generation with the skills and opportunities I have been so fortunate to enjoy , ” they said .
`` A few years ago I founded a program at my former high school in Bundaberg to help students develop their entrepreneurial skills .
`` I know I can play a part in building a culture at Kepnock which unearths the next Steve Jobs .
`` This year , one student launched Kepnock 's version of Shark Tank .
`` She 's inspired their peers and , quite honestly , the whole thing is as exciting as any deal I 've ever been a part of .
`` She is outstanding , and I 'm so proud of them Caitlyn Anderson , remember the name . ”
Speaking to the NewsMail yesterday , Mr Olsen said they began giving back to the school four years ago by setting up a bursary .
`` In the back of my mind was always to try and give something back , ” they said .
`` I had a fantastic cohort of teachers . The least I can do is spend a few moments in my year trying to impart some knowledge . ”
Mr Olen said last year they flew the four Kepnock school captains and principal to Sydney for a start-up conference and asked what the students thought .
`` The concept of Fish Tank and how it was employed and implemented was driven by the students , ” they said .
`` Caitlyn has been largely responsible for getting the program off the ground .
`` Where it goes next year is totally up to the kids . ”
Mr Olsen said they wanted to see a world where they helped create opportunities in Bundaberg where technology businesses could develop and flourish .
`` Not a lot of kids like leaving home or they struggle home , so let 's bring the opportunities back to them . ”
The founder of a debt agency that helps people in financial difficulties has backed comments by the master of the High Court raising questions over the legality of repossessions in Ireland .
Ross Maguire of New Beginnings said county registrars are not qualified to make decisions on bank repossessions . “ They are expected to make important decisions that are far more nuanced and many of these people are not qualified to do that . ”
Master of the High Court Edmund Honohan told The Irish Times that county registrars – who grant the majority of repossession orders in the circuit courts – “ should not be dealing with these cases at all ” , as they had neither the legal training nor the legal discretion to apply EU law .
“ The rules and procedures of the Circuit Court need to be updated to allow for a hearing with regard to EU legislation on unfair contract terms . . . in every possession case . . . EU law is not an optional extra . ”
They said that thousands of orders granted in the Circuit Court to repossess homes may be open to challenge because these courts are not applying EU law .
They criticised the Government for failing to properly protect people facing repossession and said it was instead allowing the courts to “ pump people into homelessness ” .
“ There is a lack of joined-up thinking and a huge amount of ignorance , ” they said .
‘ Vicious '
Responding on Monday Mr Maguire told the Pat Kenny Show on Newstalk that “ some country registrars are vicious in their approach and some are benign ” .
“ Their qualifications are pretty ad hoc and vague . If they were only dealing with administrative details that would be fine but if you are putting a family into homelessness that is very serious . ”
Mr Maguire said that changes in the law meant a borrower can put a proposal to the bank seeking changes in terms and if the bank rejects that proposal then they can seek an order to enforce it .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There should be judges making these decisions , not county registrars . County registrars should not have to make these orders . ”
Mr Maguire said they believed banks were not actively seeking to put people out of their homes . “ We have seen situations where the sheriff has been in a home and we have struck a deal .
“ People need to know that there are options . Get advice . ”
They also called on judges to “ step up to the plate ” and said they were disappointed at how slow judges were to view changes in law .
AMSTERDAM Dutch paint maker AkzoNobel ( AKZO.AS ) could face a shareholder revolt if it continues to avoid a meeting with PPG Industries ( PPG.N ) to discuss a possible takeover by the U.S. company , PPG Chief Executive Michael McGarry told Reuters on Wednesday .
McGarry said they had been approached by `` virtually all '' of Akzo 's 20 largest shareholders after PPG proposed a 24.5 billion euro ( £20.93 billion ) takeover deal . None of them were opposed to the idea , they said .
`` I think shareholders are dismayed at being placed last in all ( Akzo 's ) stakeholder conversations , '' they said in an interview .
PPG said separately on Wednesday it was ready to address Akzo 's non-financial objections to its proposal .
On Tuesday , Akzo repeated its opposition to a deal with the U.S. paints and coatings maker . It has said PPG 's proposal undervalues its business , would run into difficulty with competition regulators and be bad for employees ..
Many Akzo shareholders have urged the company 's management to enter discussions . No major shareholder has come forward to oppose the idea .
In its statement on Wednesday , PPG said it was ready to address many of Akzo 's concerns , including commitments to funding research and development , fair employment terms , equitable locations of divisional headquarters , and spending on community investment and sustainability targets .
`` They 're afraid if they sit down with us , we 're going to address their concerns and they 'll have no more legitimate '' objections to the merger , McGarry said .
In a response , Akzo repeated PPG 's proposals were `` unacceptable . ''
`` Let 's not get caught up in other issues around the proposal such as engagement ( with PPG ) , '' the Dutch firm said .
`` We remain firmly focused on developing our exciting plans for the future of AkzoNobel to unlock significant value for shareholders and all stakeholders , which we will present on April 19 . ''
Akzo has said it prefers to sell its chemicals division , representing about a third of company sales and profits , and remain independent , rather than entering talks .
Analysts say Akzo 's plan is unlikely to deliver as much value to shareholders as PPG 's proposed cash and share offer , worth 90 euros per share at current prices .
`` How are they going to look their own stakeholders and employees in the eyes and say 'we think this is best ' ? '' McGarry said . `` Someone is going to say : how would you know , because you 've never sat down with PPG . ''
Akzo shares closed up around 1.5 percent at 79.10 euros , suggesting some investors doubt PPG will ultimately succeed .
Under Dutch stock exchange rules , PPG must submit a formal draft offer by June 1 or drop its pursuit for six months .
PPG repeated on Wednesday it intended to make an offer , and McGarry would not rule out a bid that lacks the endorsement of Akzo 's boards . Few hostile takeovers of publicly traded Dutch companies have been successful .
McGarry said another option for shareholders if they were still dissatisfied with Akzo management after the April 19 strategy announcement would be to summon an extraordinary general meeting . Such a meeting could discuss the removal of one or more managers or supervisory board members .
However , a group of members of Akzo 's supervisory board has the power to make binding recommendations to the company 's management and supervisory boards , an unusual takeover defence that dates from 1926 .
In theory that could prevent unwanted buyers from controlling the company even if they successfully take it over - though that defence has never been tested .
( Reporting by Toby Sterling . Additional reporting by Greg Roumelitis and Arno Schuetze ; Editing by Edmund Blair and Mark Potter )
TONASKET – Fourth grader Calvin Sutton took first place and third grader Xenohon ( Xen ) Fardys took second place in the Tonasket Elementary Spelling Bee January 31 .
Sutton will move on to the Regional Spelling Bee in Wenatchee March 14 . Fardys will not attend Regionals this year , as only fourth and fifth grade students can move on . Third place winner and fourth grader Mackenzie Brock will join Sutton at Regionals in March .
Competing in Wednesday 's event were first grader Patrick Fancher , second graders Ronan Tafolla and Gabriel Sanchez , third graders Kerrington Johansen and Fardys , fourth graders Sutton and Brock and fifth graders Emma Attwood and Marylu Taffola .
The first round eliminated three spellers , and the remaining six students cruised through the second , third and fourth rounds with no mis-spelled words . Rounds five , six and seven each eliminated one speller , with the remaining three spellers making it to round nine with no mistakes . In the ninth round , both Fardys and Brock mis-spelled words , and Sutton took first place . In the tie-breaking tenth round , Brock mis-spelled regents and Fardys correctly spelled infraction .
First place winner Sutton correctly spelled promise , impact , offer , shelves , protested , severely , spinster , receptions and hoarsely .
Second place winner Fardys correctly spelled thrilling , oval , shabby , lazily , amusing , custody , slobbery , grocery and infraction ; and missed testament .
Third place winner Brock correctly spelled cosmic , clipper , cattle , crumpled , superb , intersect , diagram and valuables ; and missed disengage and regents .
The spelling bee was broadcast live into classrooms throughout the elementary school .
Officiating the event was Jessica Geer , with Principal Jeremy Clark and Superintendent Steve McCullough serving as judges .
The March 14 Regional Spelling Bee will be held at Eastmont Junior High .
The Moscone Center , the sprawling downtown San Francisco convention hall where Game Developers Conference takes place , is currently undergoing a massive renovation and expansion—but GDC is going on as usual . Well ... not quite as usual .
Moscone is split into three halls , each on different sides of the city streets : North , South , and West . Currently , half of South Hall is nothing but exposed girders and beams . It 's like the set of a Donkey Kong movie out here .
Since part of the plans for the new expansion include two massive pedestrian skywalks connecting the North and South halls ' upper levels , that means that currently , as you 're walking along the sidewalk , you 're passing underneath a set of massive unfinished beams .
Advertisement
It is very much an active construction zone ; there were plenty of workers around on Monday morning moving beams around via crane and doing all sorts of fascinating things while GDC attendees went from hall to hall via the sidewalk .
And I do mean the sidewalk : The south sidewalk is completely closed off , which means that if you 're heading down Howard Street to either the North or South halls , you are funneled into one single temporary walkway . That 's not so bad today , when the show is still ramping up , but when the expo floor and main conference tracks start on Wednesday , things could get crowded .
Advertisement
The expansion is scheduled to be completed by December , meaning that next year 's GDC will be one of the first shows to take place in the new , much larger , Moscone .
Advertisement
I do n't know if that could be any more memorable , though , than the year of the Unfinished Convention Center .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
GardaWorld , a global leader in comprehensive security and risk management , has made its weekly security report available to Iraq Business Newsreaders .
Prepared by GardaWorld 's Risk Analysis Team in Iraq , this essential report includes short- and medium-term outlooks on the security situation , reports and commentary on recent significant events , and a detailed overview of developments across the country .
Please click here to download the latest report free of charge .
For more information on how GardaWorld 's services can support your business in Iraq , please contact Daniel Matthews , Senior Director Iraq , at [ email protected ]
Military personnel inspect a site of an attack at Krong Pinang district , in the troubled southern province of Yala , Thailand , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Surapan Boonthanom
Military personnel inspect a site of an attack at Krong Pinang district , in the troubled southern province of Yala , Thailand , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Surapan Boonthanom
YALA , Thailand Insurgents fired hundreds of shots into a police booth in restive Muslim-majority southern Thailand on Monday , wounding 12 officers in what police called the biggest such attack in years .
A decades-old separatist insurgency in the provinces of Yala , Pattani and Narathiwat has claimed more than 6,500 lives since it escalated in 2004 , according to independent monitoring group Deep South Watch .
CCTV footage showed what appeared to be about 30 insurgents surround a Yala police booth and firing more than 500 shots inside the building , Police Major General Kritsada Kaewchandee , chief of Yala provincial police , said .
`` This was the biggest attack in the deep south in many years , '' they told Reuters .
In February , the military government of the Buddhist-majority country struck a deal with MARA Patani , a long-standing umbrella group that claims to speak for the insurgents , over a `` safety zone '' to cover five districts in the three southern provinces . The names of the districts have not yet been announced .
In March , the insurgents killed four people in Narathiwat including an eight-year-old child .
( Reporting by Surapan Boonthanom in Yala and Panarat Thepgumpanat in Bangkok ; Writing by Patpicha Tanakasempipat ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
INDIANAPOLIS ( WISH ) – One person was shot and killed on the city 's east side early Monday morning .
The fatal shooting happened at a residence in the 4600 block of East Pleasant Run Parkway just before 2 a.m .
According to IMPD , officers responded to the area for reports of shots fired . After arriving on scene , a male victim was discovered suffering from apparent gunshot wounds . They were then pronounced dead on scene by responding emergency medical personnel .
A woman and a child were at the residence at the time of the shooting and according to Captain Turner from IMPD , they were uninjured . It 's currently unclear if the female and the child lived at the residence where the deadly shooting took place .
“ The crime scene appears to be completely isolated to the porch area and just off to where the driveway is , ” said Turner . “ That 's where everything appeared to happen at this time and at this point of time we do n't have any reason to believe the community is in any danger . At this time , it 's leading us to believe it is an isolated incident and this person was targeted . Homicide is still working on that . ”
We do n't know if the victim lived in this area or at the house .
At the end of March this year , police say there was another shooting almost at the same exact location . Investigators say it was in the street in front of this same home . The incidents are unrelated and the suspect from a few months ago is already in custody .
If you have any information on Monday 's fatal shooting you 're asked to call Crime Stoppers at 317-262-TIPS .
GARRISON , Minn. ( WCCO ) — It 's been a frustrating and costly ride for Mille Lacs Lake business owners dealing with the ever-changing fishing regulations on one of the state 's storied walleye destinations .
For years , Mille Lacs Lake was a favorite among walleye anglers , due to its close proximity to the Twin Cities and reputation for producing nice stringers of walleye .
But more recently , walleye populations have plummeted , causing the Department of Natural Resources to impose severe fishing regulations .
This season , the DNR imposed a catch-and-release only fishery and even closed it down entirely over a recent five-week stretch . Regulators feared the state 's allotment of walleye had been reached earlier than expected through the estimated hooking mortality numbers .
Five weeks ago , on the weekend of July 8 , the frustrations boiled over . Governor Mark Dayton was on a launch to help promote the lake as a bass fishing destination , to show that there were angling opportunities other than walleye .
That 's when a group of business owners and walleye fishing enthusiasts encircled the Governor 's boat to vent their frustrations . They intended to show them that the restrictions were hurting business in the area and keeping away customers .
Said Twin Pines co-owner , Linda Eno , “ The anglers have gone from six fish to four fish , down to two and then none . And now no use of live bait . ”
The state 's strict walleye regulations on Mille Lacs Lake are intended to counter abnormally low walleye populations . But resorters and businesses say it 's having a far more dire effect : It 's killing them . A number of resort and business owners in the area report revenues down anywhere from 50 to 80 percent .
“ It 's been a very painful experience for these good people , ” Governor Mark Dayton said .
On Monday , Dayton traveled to Garrison where they held a face to face , closed-door meeting with a handful of local business owners . Along with DNR Commissioner Tom Landwehr , the Governor listened to the concerns of local interests and ideas for helping turn the situation around .
What they want most of all is a better understanding of how walleye population estimates are an inexact science and not a fair reflection of walleye numbers . Instead , the locals point to angler reports showing a very successful summer catch-and-release season .
Anglers are pulling up good quantities of fish , only to have to put them back into the lake . The DNR estimates that the hooking mortality alone is claiming nearly 48,000 pounds of adult walleye from the lake . In July , it closed the lake to walleye fishing entirely over a five-week period .
Walleye fishing on Mille Lacs has re-opened although only through Labor Day , when it closes again until Dec. 1
“ Everybody , including the DNR has the same goal – to restore it to the world class reputation it has earned , ” Gov . Dayton said .
The 75-minute meeting at Twin Pines Resort produced no assurances that state regulations will loosen in the near future , to the point of allowing anglers to keep what they catch . Although the Governor and Eno emerged from their meeting arm in arm , business frustrations were clearly voiced , although the underlying problem still persists .
Bait and tackle dealer Bill Lundeen estimates the no live bait regulation on Mille Lacs is costing them 75 to 80 percent of their normal business .
“ He ( Governor Dayton ) seemed to be open to looking at something , because clearly , what we 're doing is n't sustainable , ” Lundeen said .
“ They shut us down for five weeks in the prime season , and in Minnesota , let 's face it , with the weather that 's prime time and you want to capitalize on it , ” Eno said .
Mille Lacs business owners are hopeful that an independent research project on the lake will report results later this fall . What they hope to hear are walleye estimates that exceed the DNR 's numbers .
That modeling could be useful in basing less restrictive walleye regulations for the 2018 fishing season .
They may have been a hero , but Thor is a pretty crappy housemate .
Marvel has released a fun video revealing what the warrior , played by Chris Hemsworth , gets up to when he 's not busy saving the world .
In the clip , Thor argues with their housemate Darryl who suggests the hammer-wielding god should get a day job to help pay the rent .
`` Do you know what my job is ? '' Thor asks .
`` I save the planet , '' they say , before cutting Darryl down to size .
`` The brain is a muscle ... and this is all muscle , '' they say , pointing to their shirtless torso , `` so I am covered in brains and I have more brains than you . ''
This is the second time we 've received a humorous glimpse into Thor 's real life after Marvel released a similar video back in October last year .
In it , Thor revealed they are n't invited to take part in Captain America : Civil War because they do not own a phone , expecting to receive a 'raven ' instead .
The clips have been put together by Kiwi funnyman Taika Waititi , who will be directing the third movie in the Thor instalment , Ragnarok .
Alongside Hemsworth , the movie will star Mark Ruffalo , Tom Hiddleston , Cate Blanchett and Sir Anthony Hopkins .
No word on if Darryl has earned a role yet , but do n't be surprised for at least a cameo .
- news.com.au
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The final moments of pedestrians mown down by terrorists in the London Bridge attack have been revealed at the inquests into their deaths .
A white van ploughed into people on the bridge before three killers carrying out a frenzied knife attack in Borough Market , leaving eight dead and dozens injured .
Christine Archibald , 30 , Xavier Thomas , 45 , and Alexandre Pigeard , 26 , died in the attack on June 3 , Southwark Coroner 's Court was told .
Senior coroner Andrew Harris opened and adjourned inquests on Wednesday for the three victims .
They thanked the police for their work in `` difficult and distressing circumstances '' and offered their condolences to the families for their `` sudden and shocking loss '' .
Detective Chief Inspector Simon Moring said : `` A white van travelled south on London Bridge . That van would seem to have been deliberately targeting pedestrians as it travelled towards Borough Market .
`` The occupants of that van are known to have alighted and were stabbing members of the public . ''
Canadian Ms Archibald , who lived in The Hague , Holland , died in their fiance Tyler Ferguson 's arms after being struck by the van on London Bridge .
The social worker was killed by multiple , severe blunt crush injuries , the inquest was told .
French national Mr Thomas 's body was recovered from the river near Limehouse in east London , downstream of London Bridge , three days after the attack .
They were visiting London for the weekend with their girlfriend , Christine Delcros , who was struck and seriously injured in the attack .
They were last seen by them on the bridge and police are still investigating how they ended up in the water .
Mr Moring said : `` We had accounts from their girlfriend that they were on the bridge with them and subsequently they were missing .
`` Police were concerned they had gone over the bridge and into the Thames .
`` The circumstances are being investigated as to how they have gone into the Thames . ''
Mr Thomas , a business event and travel manager living in Paris , was identified by their dental records and their cause of death was given as immersion .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Fellow Frenchman Mr Pigeard was knifed moments later in the nearby Boro Bistro , where they worked as a waiter .
They were found in the shadow of Southwark Cathedral , on Montague Close , with stab wounds to their neck and chest .
( Photo : Metropolitan Police /PA Wire )
Mr Pigeard was born in Paris , had been in London for around two years and lived in Southwark .
Their cause of death was given as a haemorrhage caused by knife wounds .
Armed police killed ringleader Khuram Butt , 27 , Rachid Redouane , 30 , and Youssef Zaghba , 22 , just eight minutes after the first emergency call was made .
A hearing took place on Tuesday into the deaths of Sara Zelenak , 21 , Kirsty Boden , 28 , Sebastien Belanger , 36 , James McMullan , 32 , and Ignacio Echeverria , 39 .
A grim account of their injuries was read out , detailing where they had been found and how they were identified .
The inquest proceedings were suspended by Dr Harris so the vast police operation was not hampered by their investigation .
Lars Sullivan vs. WWE NXT Champion Aleister Black is now official for the NXT `` Takeover : Chicago II '' event during WWE Money In the Bank weekend .
Takeover takes place on Saturday , June 16th from the Allstate Arena in Rosemont , IL . Below is the updated confirmed card :
NXT Title Match
Lars Sullivan vs. Aleister Black
NXT Tag Team Title Match
Danny Burch and Oney Lorcan vs. Roderick Strong and Kyle O'Reilly
Street Fight
Tommaso Ciampa vs. Johnny Gargano
Matches expected to be announced soon include Nikki Cross vs. NXT Women 's Champion Shayna Baszler , WWE UK Champion Pete Dunne vs. NXT North American Champion Adam Cole and The Velveteen Dream vs. Ricochet .
FILE PHOTO : Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ( R ) listens to a speech by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei during a ceremony for Ahmadinejad 's confirmation as Iran 's President in Tehran August 3 , 2009 . REUTERS/khamenei
FILE PHOTO : Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad talks during a news conference after 25th Meeting of the Standing Committee for Economic and Commercial Cooperation ( COMCEC ) of the Organization of the Islamic Conference in Istanbul November 9 , 2009 . REUTERS/Osman Orsal/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad waves as they arrive for Friday prayers at the 16th century Ottoman era Blue Mosque on their second day of their visit in Istanbul , August 15 , 2008 . REUTERS/Fatih Saribas/File Photo
Ex-Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ( 2nd row , L ) gestures as they submit their name for registration as a candidate in Iran 's presidential election , in Tehran , Iran April 12 , 2017 . Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
Ex-Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad reacts as they submit their name for registration as a candidate in Iran 's presidential election , in Tehran , Iran April 12 , 2017 . Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
Ex-Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad gestures as they submit their name for registration as a candidate in Iran 's presidential election , in Tehran , Iran April 12 , 2017 . Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
Ex-Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ( C ) is seen as they submit their name for registration as a candidate in Iran 's presidential election , in Tehran , Iran April 12 , 2017 . Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
LONDON Iran 's hardline ex-president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad submitted their name on Wednesday for registration as a candidate for May 's presidential election , defying the wishes of the country 's religious leadership .
Although the move , reported by state media , was seen as an attempt by Ahmadinejad to bolster the candidacy of an ally , it was also a challenge to the authority of Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who had warned them not to run .
Registration for the May 19 election started on Monday and will last five days , after which entrants will be screened for their political and Islamic qualifications by a vetting body , the Guardian Council .
President Hassan Rouhani , a moderate who engineered Iran 's 2015 nuclear deal with world powers that secured a removal of international financial and trade sanctions against Tehran , is expected to seek re-election but faces a stiff challenge from conservatives who oppose the deal .
Ahmadinejad , who frequently enraged the West with their rhetoric during their eight years in office , wanted to challenge Rouhani 's bid for a second term , but Khamenei warned them last year not to nominate himself .
Khamenei , who has the final say in Iran 's clerical establishment , said in September that Ahmadinejad 's candidacy could create division in the country and harm the nation .
Ahmadinejad , who had a rift with Khamenei in their final years of office , announced in a public statement in October that they would abide by the order and would not run .
However , they named one of their main allies and former deputy Hamid Baghaei as a candidate .
Ahmadinejad accompanied Baghaei to the interior ministry on Wednesday for registration .
By putting their name forward , analysts say Ahmadinejad is trying to make any disqualification of Baghaei costly for the Guardian Council . The powerful election vetting body is close to Khamenei as they appoint half of its members .
Mehr news agency quoted Ahmadinejad as saying that they registered as a candidate `` only to support Baghaei . ''
Ahmadinejad was also quoted as saying by ILNA news agency that `` the Supreme Leader advised me not to run . As a candidate I accepted their guidance , although it was not an order ... I am still committed to my moral promise . ''
While conservatives are worried that Ahmadinejad or Baghaei 's presence might split their votes , allies of Rouhani are also concerned about the attractiveness of populist candidates with nationalist anti-establishment slogans .
Baghaei , 48 , was held under arrest in 2015 for almost seven months on charges that were not made public but many suspected were related to corruption . Iran 's judiciary spokesperson said in March that their case was still open .
( Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
Jordan Matthews week to week with ‘ chip fracture ' in sternum
If the Buffalo Bills were hoping to replace an injury prone Sammy Watkins with a more durable wide receiver in Jordan Matthews , their plan is not off to the best start .
Matthews , whom the Bills acquired in a trade with the Philadelphia Eagles last week , suffered an injury in their first practice in Buffalo on Sunday . The team said Monday that Matthews is considered week to week with a “ chip fracture ” in their sternum .
Injury Update : Jordan Mathews has a chip fracture in their sternum and will be listed as week to week . # BillsCamp pic.twitter.com/GDuqXm2sHG — Buffalo Bills ( @ buffalobills ) August 14 , 2017
Matthews suffered the injury when they went up for a contested ball and came down hard . They were able to finish that portion of practice before later walking off with a trainer .
While consistency on the field has been an issue for Matthews , the 25-year-old appeared in all but two games through their first three seasons with the Eagles . It sounds like was able to avoid a serious injury on Sunday , so they should still have a chance of being ready for the start of the regular season .
Contact
Kathleen Deal
* * * @ voragotech.com Kathleen Deal
End
-- VORAGO Technologies , a leading provider of radiation-hardened and extreme temperature embedded systems technology , today announced that the company has been awarded an ISO 9001 Management System certificate by Quality Registrars , Inc. , of Wappingers Falls , NY.ISO 9001 articulates the criteria for a quality management system . This standard is based on quality management principles including a strong customer focus , a detailed process based approach and continuous improvement . Following ISO 9001 standards is an action that helps ensure that customers are provided with consistent , high quality products . `` VORAGO Technologies supplies products for high-reliability markets such as space , avionics and industrial '' said Bernd Lienhard , CEO . `` Our customers trust our products to operate reliably in the most extreme environments and we are fully committed to providing the highest quality possible '' .Garry Nash , Senior VP of Operations and Quality , added `` We are very proud of this milestone event as it demonstrates our commitment to providing the highest quality products and services to our customers and further establishes VORAGO as a leader in the high temperature and radiation semiconductor markets . It is rare for a company our size to achieve ISO 9001 certification , which is highly respected around the world as the widest reaching and influential set of standards of quality management systems and practices . We are pleased to be able to combine this certification with our world class supply chain to enable us to manage rapid growth and ensure our ability to provide innovative products and effective solutions . `` VORAGO Technologies microcontroller and SRAM products are tested and qualified following JEDEC and MIL-STD-883 standards . Traditional qualification testing is supplemented with extreme environment testing in temperature controlled ovens and in radiation testing facilities . VORAGO product specifications are recognized across the industry as best-in-class for extreme temperature and radiation environment operation.VORAGO Technologies is a privately held , fabless semiconductor company based in Austin , TX with patented and proven solutions for extreme temperature and radiation environments . VORAGO 's patented HARDSILtechnology can be integrated into standard silicon manufacturing processes and uses standard CMOS fabrication equipment . VORAGO Technologies opens up a new world of possibilities for your designs , no matter how hostile the environment.Visit VORAGO Technologies at http : //www.website.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Reports in Italy are linking Wolves with a fresh move for Inter Milan striker Andrea Pinamonti .
It may not be a name everyone is familiar with , so here 's a quick lowdown .
The stats
Date of birth : 19th May 1999 ( 19 years old )
Born : Cles , Italy
Position : Striker
Height : 6ft 4 ''
Supports : Inter Milan
Youth career : Inter Milan
Shirt number : 99
Playing style
Freelance journalist Dan Davis has profiled Pinamonti in an in-depth article on outsideoftheboot.com
They describe their styles as : `` Pinamonti 's quick movement in the offensive positions around the field of play make them a player who is very difficult to mark , allowing the Italian to break free of their marker and get shots away on goal .
`` The Italian is also noticeably tall for their age , leaving them with exceptional ability in the air . Their keen eye for goal means that they are able to use their height in various attacking situations , allowing them to nod home past the goalkeeper on many occasions .
`` Pinamonti would be expected to hold off aerial challenges from defenders , allowing them to be able to flick the ball on , or take a shot at goal . ''
One for the future ?
At 19 years-old they are prime for a run of games , something they are n't currently getting at Milan and is having to bide their time below bigger names .
They are n't currently featuring much for Milan and will be looking at next season as a key season regardless of where they are .
The forward is rated highly within Italian football and has represented the country at several youth levels through from under-15s to under-19s
Why would Wolves want him ?
The Wolves scouting team will have done their homework on the player and if they are on the radar they will be sure they are a player capable of making the step-up straight into the Premier League . Wolves have had an eye for a good young player recently and that track record could work in their favour .
They also need to look at the striking department . On-loan duo Leo Bonatini and Benik Afobe will be the subject of much discussion in the next few weeks . Bonatini starting very well at Wolves , but in recent weeks their performances and outings have tailed off .
Afobe is an interesting one , seen by many as the ideal loan signing for the second-half of the season , they probably are n't expected to make a permanent switch .
Their goals and performances when they have played in their second stint have been very impressive , Nuno will have noted that .
Is there anyone else interested ?
Yes . Pinamonti was linked with a number of top clubs in January including Liverpool after making their debut in the Europa League last December .
Tottenham , Arsenal and Chelsea have also watched him .
Serie A side Cagliari and Sassuolo are also interested .
Knocked back
Sunderland have knocked back Wolverhampton Wanderers ' request to purchase more tickets for away fans for the old gold promotion party on the final weekend of the season .
Black Cats officials believe Wolves could n't realistically be allocated any more visiting supporters without uprooting their own season ticket holders - despite the fact that the Stadium of Light has remained half empty this season .
It 'll be an afternoon of differing emotions on May 6 - Wolves are of course looking forward to a Premier League campaign next season while the Mackems are facing a term in League One .
While the atmosphere will be jubilant among the waves of Wanderers fans , more than 2,500 of them , the club have been denied permission to bring more .
“ We gave full consideration to this request when it was first made by Wolves a few weeks ago , ” a club spokesperson said .
“ To put some context into the issue , the away supporters are situated in the upper north stand at the Stadium of Light , the east end of the away section is the end of the stand itself .
“ With this in mind , the only additional seats that logistically we could consider allocating to Wolves supporters were in the upper north west corner .
“ This corner houses a significant number of Sunderland season cardholders , many of whom have held their seats for many years .
“ Given that these supporters will already be relocated when this area closes next season , we felt it would be insensitive to relocate them for the final match of the season .
“ We did look at other areas within the lower bowl of the stadium , but again due to the presence of home season cardholders there is no area we can safely allocate to Wolves supporters .
“ We appreciate that this will be disappointing for our visitors , but we hope they understand that we made best endeavours to meet their request , but unfortunately it has not been possible for the reasons outlined above . ”
Hijacked !
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` And it 's hi ho ... Aston Villa ! ``
It 's fair to say those were n't the words Steve Bull was expecting when the Wolverhampton Wanderers legend was celebrating their former club 's promotion as champions .
The Molineux favourite was enjoying a sing-a-long to mark Wolves ' title triumph in Marbella for the Steve Bull Events Golf Classic .
Bully was leading the festivities in a packed out room who were belting out `` hi ho Wolverhampton '' .
But the lyrics were altered slightly when another Midlands football legend , Gordon Cowans , got hold of the microphone to add a Villa twist to the song .
It was all good natured , though , with the pair chuckling to one another after the cheeky change of chorus .
Villa could be joining Wolves in the Premier League next season with Steve Bruce 's men having secured their spot in the play-offs .
Iranian Messi
Wolverhampton Wanderers are reportedly one of five clubs in the UK to have been credited with an interest in Sardar Azmoun this summer - who has been dubbed the ‘ Iranian Messi ' .
Azmoun , who plays for Rubin Kazan in Russia , has scored four goals at domestic level this season .
The 23-year-old has a much more impressive strike rate at international level , though - form that led to their asupervisorstioned nickname .
Azmoun has 23 goals from their 31 caps for Iran , making them the nation 's fifth highest scorer at all time , and it 's helped Iran reach the World Cup this summer in the country where they play .
They can play as a centre forward , or behind the striker .
Wolves are n't alone in their supposed interest , though ; the Sunday People claim that Everton , Celtic , Leicester and Fulham are all interested in Azmoun too .
Wanderers are expected to be active in the market this summer ; a number of loanees need their futures resolving and the squad will require additions ahead of an assault on the Premier League , after promotion was confirmed .
How far would you go to save a life ? Would you donate your gently used clothes or household items ? Do you have items that have been sitting in your house for a long time , meaning to get rid of them ? If the answer to any of these is yes , then why not donate them to The Salvation Army and be our partner in Doing The Most Good .
Winter is the hardest season for The Salvation Army for clothing donations . We are asking residents to open their closets and donate clothes and shoes and help us fund the Adult Rehabilitation Center . Since the ARC does n't solicit government funding , the ministry runs solely on the generosity of individuals , organizations and businesses who donate goods to be sold in our Family Stores . Proceeds from their sale go toward providing important services for the program participants , helping them get back on their feet and live a productive life .
Please consider making a donation today by calling 800-SA-TRUCK for a free pickup . Or drop your donation at a store , donation center or donation box near you .
Bil Moriarty , donation development coordinator
The Salvation Army Adult Rehabilitation Center
Portland
NEW YORK Among its regional bank-wide sales campaigns , Wells Fargo & Co 's ( WFC.N ) `` Jump into January '' program was notorious for the impact it had on staff .
Initially designed to motivate branch employees to exceed sales goals , the pressure to beat higher daily sales targets instead encouraged them to forge customer signatures , hold off on opening accounts signed for in December and target friends and family to make up the numbers .
The campaign was highlighted in an internal Wells Fargo report released on Monday that blamed the bank 's sales culture and the management of its retail division for years of sales practice abuses .
The campaign `` became a breeding ground for bad behavior that helped cement the sales culture 's negative characteristics , '' witnesses told the report 's authors .
`` The January campaign also resulted in increased employee turnover and , in some areas , no paid-time-off or training during the month . ''
To meet their targets , bankers were encouraged to make lists of friends and family who were potential sales targets
One branch manager had a teenage daughter with 24 accounts , an adult daughter with 18 accounts , a husband with 21 accounts , a brother with 14 accounts and a father with 4 accounts .
The report said that , `` many employees believed that their future at Wells Fargo depended on how many products they sold . ''
In total , 5,300 staff were fired for sales practice abuses over five years . Most of the employees that were fired admitted that they engaged in misconduct , but frequently said they did so because of the culture at the bank , the report said .
Branch-level managers said they often felt pressure from their supervisors to make sales , but that only rarely were they explicitly instructed to engage in misconduct .
One regional president was particularly aggressive in their Jump into January campaigns , creating a practice known as “ running the gauntlet ” , in which district managers dressed up
in themed costumes and ran down to a whiteboard to report the number of sales they achieved .
The manager was fired for cause in February .
`` Jump into January '' ended in 2013 and was replaced by another sales program .
The bank ended all sales goals for retail bankers in September 2016 and in January introduced a new incentive
program that focused on customer service rather than selling products .
( Reporting by John McCrank ; Editing by Carmel Crimmins and Muralikumar Anantharaman )
—
A CANADIAN city that recently became one of the first in the world to paint a permanent trans flag pedestrian crossing has had it immediately vandalised .
The rainbow flag and trans flag crossings in Lethbridge were both damaged on Monday night with skid marks that Lethbridge Pride Fest officials have described as deliberate , Global News has reported .
“ These marks are blatantly deliberate , and nearly identical to a similar incident in Saskatoon earlier this month , ” said officials in a media release .
“ This is a direct attack on the [ LGBTI ] community and specifically the transgender community .
“ However , we at Lethbridge Pride Fest know this is the action of a few small minded , intolerant people .
“ We know that Lethbridge as a whole is inclusive , welcoming and supportive . This is obvious because shortly after we were informed of the vandalism , we were told by community members that a street sweeper vehicle was spotted driving up and down the block trying to wash away the marks before morning . ”
The city of Lethbridge has pledged to touch up the crossings a few days before the city 's pride parade this month .
As rainbow and trans flag crossings become more popular in cities around the world , homophobic and transphobic vandalism is a concern .
The rainbow crossing in Whitehorse , Canada was also vandalised this week , with police asking for public help in their investigation .
In 2015 , the rainbow crossing in Victoria , Canada was similarly damaged with tire marks .
Last month , five students in the Netherlands were charged after painting over a rainbow crossing .
BERLIN ( AP ) — Police say one man has been killed and two people injured in a knife attack on a train in the northern German city of Flensburg .
Federal police said in a statement the incident took place Wednesday at around 7 p.m. local time .
They said the details of the attack were not clear yet , but that one of the injured was a 22-year-old female police officer . The statement said they appeared to have used their pistol , suggesting they may have killed the man .
German daily Bild reported that following a dispute , one man attacked another man with a knife and then a police officer who was called to intervene .
Advertisement
The German news agency dpa reported the Flensburg main train station had been evacuated and service to Flensburg had been interrupted temporarily .
An aedes aegypti mosquito is pictured on a leaf in San Jose , Costa Rica February 1 , 2016 . REUTERS/Juan Carlos Ulate/File Photo
The U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ( NIAID ) said on Friday that vaccinations have begun in a mid-stage trial testing an experimental DNA vaccine for Zika .
The two-part trial aims at enrolling at least 2,490 healthy participants from areas of confirmed or potential active mosquito-transmitted Zika infection , including the continental United States , Puerto Rico , Brazil , Peru , Costa Rica , Panama and Mexico that ( bit.ly/2nSK71N )
The NIAID , part of the National Institute of Health , will lead the trial that will also evaluate the NIH vaccine 's safety and ability to stimulate an immune response in participants , and assess the optimal dose for administration .
Currently , there is no licensed vaccine to prevent disease caused by Zika infections , mainly transmitted via the bite of infected Aedes aegypti mosquitoes but also can be transmitted sexually .
( Reporting by Dipika Jain in Bengaluru ; Editing by Maju Samuel )
Women in Saudi Arabia need not wear headcover or the black abaya - the loose-fitting , full-length robes symbolic of Islamic piety - as long as their attire is “ decent and respectful ” , the kingdom 's reform-minded crown prince said .
With the ascent to power of young Prince Mohammad bin Salman , the kingdom has seen an expansion in women 's rights including a decision to allow women to attend mixed public sporting events and the right to drive cars from this summer .
The changes have been hailed as proof of a new progressive trend towards modernisation in the deeply conservative Muslim kingdom , although the gender-segregated nation continues to be criticized for its constraints on women .
“ The laws are very clear and stipulated in the laws of sharia ( Islamic law ) : that women wear decent , respectful clothing , like men , ” Prince Mohammed said in an interview with CBS television aired late on Sunday .
“ This , however , does not particularly specify a black abaya or a black head cover . The decision is entirely left for women to decide what type of decent and respectful attire they choose to wear . ”
A senior cleric said last month that women should dress modestly , but this did not necessitate wearing the abaya .
It remains unclear if these statements signal a change in the enforcement of women 's dress code in the kingdom . Saudi Arabia has no written legal code to go with the texts making up sharia , and police and judiciary have long enforced a strict dress code requiring Saudi women to wear abayas and in many cases to cover their hair and faces .
But the kingdom has witnessed a cautious new climate of social freedoms with the rise of the 32-year-old crown prince to power after decades of elderly rulers .
Saudi women have started wearing more colourful abayas in recent years , the light blues and pinks in stark contrast with the traditional black . Open abayas over long skirts or jeans are also becoming more common in some parts of the country .
On March 8 , a group of women in the Saudi city of Jeddah marked International Women 's Day by exercising one of their newly acquired freedoms : the right to go for a jog , paying no heed to bemused onlookers .
However , activists have blasted the country 's continued guardianship system requiring a male family member to grant permission for a woman to study abroad , travel and other activities .
Last week , a UN rights watchdog called on Saudi Arabia to end discriminatory practices against women including male guardianship , and give them full access to justice .
Reuters
New research has revealed the questions people from around the world ask the most on Google about Britain , and includes both what the Brits most often ask about New Zealand and what we want to know about them .
The data , from Google , was compiled by UK tour company The Original Tour , who used the language for each country to Google `` why is Britain '' or `` why are Brits '' and recorded what the top autocomplete result was .
While it seems both the personalities and appearance of Brits come under great scrutiny from nations around the world - the Germans ask `` why Brits are ugly '' , the Irish ask why they are `` always negative '' and the Portuguese are keen to know why Brits are `` so pale '' - the most asked question from New Zealanders is `` Why are the British called poms ? ''
According to The Original Tour , the label was coined by Australians around 1912 when `` the rhyming phrase 'Jimmy Grant ' , used to describe a British immigrant , changed to 'pomegranate ' or 'Pommy Grant ' . ''
Advertisement
It goes on to suggest pomegranate also refers to British visitors getting red faced in the Aussie heat . Otherwise , the phrase is said to refer to an acronym for `` Prisoner of their Majesty '' .
In return , the Brits ' most common query about our nation is `` why does New Zealand have no snakes ? ''
The data also includes questions about our nearby island nations asking why Fiji has such good water and why Tonga is called The Friendly Island .
And across the ditch , the most perplexing thing about Australia seems to be why they 're part of the singing competition Eurovision .
Britain 's most asked questions about New Zealand and its surrounding nations . Image / NZ Herald
When it comes to the rest of the world 's inquiries about Britain , politics is high on the agenda for some , with the top question by Russians being `` why did Britain leave the EU ? `` , and Luxembourg demanding to know why the UK does not have a constitution .
For Americans , they are keen to know why Brits are so good at waiting while Mexicans are eager to find out why they love their Queen so much .
Meanwhile , the research also shows the questions Brits themselves have asked the most about other countries .
In Europe , Brits want to know why Iceland `` smells of eggs '' , why Germany is so good at football and why Swedish people are so happy .
Food is important for Thais , who are keen to find out why British food is `` so bad '' while the French inquire `` why do Brits drink so much ? ''
Among Asian countries , Brits want to know why North Korea is `` so crazy '' and , turning to African countries , demand to know why Egyptians `` wear eyeliner '' .
Other probing questions include `` why do Americans love guns ? '' and `` why are Peruvians so small ? ''
Seattle 's tunnel-drilling machine , Bertha , the world 's largest tunnel-boring machine crunches through the concrete wall into the disassembly pit in Seattle , Washington , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Karen Ducey
Seattle 's tunnel- drilling machine , Bertha , the world 's largest tunnel-boring machine , crunches through a concrete wall into the disassembly pit in Seattle , Washington , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Karen Ducey
Washington state Governor Jay Inslee speaks with some of the crew at the conclusion of Seattle 's tunnel-drilling machine , Bertha , the world 's largest tunnel-boring machine breaking through in Seattle , Washington , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Karen Ducey
Workers watch Seattle 's tunnel-drilling machine , Bertha , the world 's largest tunnel-boring machine , breaks through the concrete wall into the disassembly pit in Seattle , Washington , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Karen Ducey
Seattle 's tunnel-drilling machine , Bertha , the world 's largest tunnel-boring machine starts breaking through the concrete wall from the bottom creating massive dust in the disassembly pit in Seattle , Washington , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Karen Ducey
Water from Seattle 's tunnel-drilling machine , Bertha , the world 's largest tunnel-boring machine starts breaking through the concrete wall from the bottom creating massive dust in the disassembly pit in Seattle , Washington , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Karen Ducey
Seattle 's tunnel-drilling machine , Bertha , the world 's largest tunnel-boring machine starts breaking through the concrete wall from the bottom creating massive dust in the disassembly pit in Seattle , Washington , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Karen Ducey
Seattle 's tunnel-drilling machine , Bertha , the world 's largest tunnel-boring machine , starts breaking through the concrete wall from the bottom creating massive dust in the disassembly pit in Seattle , Washington , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Karen Ducey
Jake Chopin , from the International Union of Operating Engineers Local 302 , pumps their arm in the air with joy at the conclusion of the tunnel drilling of Bertha the world 's largest tunnel-boring machine in Seattle , Washington , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Karen Ducey
Workers celebrate by posing inside the giant teeth of Seattle 's tunnel-drilling machine , Bertha , the world 's largest tunnel-boring machine at its completion into the disassembly pit in Seattle , Washington , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Karen Ducey
SEATTLE ( This story published on April 5 corrects paragraph 4 to read $ 2 billion is the cost of the tunnel portion of the project rather than the overall cost of the project , in paragraph 9 corrects weight of machine to 8,000-ton from 6,700-ton )
Bertha , one of the world 's largest tunnel boring machines , emerged north of downtown Seattle on Tuesday shrouded in clouds of dust and chunks of falling concrete , completing the most difficult phase of a plan to build a highway under the heart of the city .
The breakthrough of the cylindrical drilling machine marks a major step in one of the most ambitious American municipal projects in recent years . Once complete , 2 miles ( 3 km ) of Highway 99 , an elevated roadway along a densely populated waterfront , will be rerouted to run beneath the city of 650,000 people .
A sinkhole , a two-year delay and a $ 480 million claim by contractors have challenged the $ 3.1 billion project since it began in June 2013 .
The underground highway , the tunnel portion of which was budgeted at $ 2 billion , was initially expected to be completed by the end of 2015 and has been widely compared with Boston 's 16-year `` Big Dig '' tunnelling project , which suffered through cost overruns , design flaws , worker fatalities and other problems .
“ This is a historic moment in our state 's transportation history , ” Washington state Governor Jay Inslee said in a statement after the drill 's breakthrough . “ There is still more work ahead but this moment is one worth celebrating . ”
After emerging into a large open-air pit a few blocks from Seattle 's Queen Anne neighbourhood , Bertha will be cut into pieces and hauled away over several months .
The 57-foot ( 17 m ) wide borer made by Japan 's Hitachi Zosen Corp cost $ 80 million and was the largest in the world when tunnelling started in 2013 .
As engineers make plans to break down the 8,000-ton ( 7,260-metric tonne ) machine , work to fill the tunnel with a double-decker roadway has already begun . State planners hope to have the first car travel through the tunnel in early 2019 .
While the project 's $ 3.1 billion price tag is comparatively small - the Big Dig cost an estimated $ 22 billion - progress was complicated by plans to dig beneath some of the most tightly packed neighbourhoods in downtown Seattle .
Bertha overheated and stalled partway through the project in December 2013 , putting completion into doubt . Tunneling was delayed two years as engineers dug a 120-foot ( 37 m ) access pit to make repairs .
( Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Bill Rigby )
Smoking Ban To Blame For Rise In Violence At Leicester Prison
A smoking ban has been identified as a factor behind a sharp rise in violence at Leicester prison , according to an inspection report .
Senior staff also say a spike in assaults is down to an influx of younger inmates and the availability of drugs , which were known as legal highs .
Inspectors said the number of recorded violent incidents at HMP Leicester , which is near to the city centre , was higher than at other local prisons , and substantially higher than when it was last assessed in 2015 .
In the six months prior to the latest visit , there had been 56 prisoner-on-prisoner assaults , 28 fights , and 73 assaults on staff .
Violence stabilised or fell during 2016 but then rose `` dramatically '' last summer , with another surge recorded in November , HM Inspectorate of Prisons said .
The watchdog 's report noted : `` Managers attributed this rise to a combination of the smoking ban , an influx of younger prisoners from HMP Glen Parva and the influence of new psychoactive drugs . ''
A ban on smoking in jails has been phased in since the beginning of 2016 and 102 establishments in England and Wales are now smoke-free .
A Prison Service spokesperson said : `` We 're committed to a smoke-free estate and all closed prisons are now following this policy , reducing the risk of second-hand smoke to staff and prisoners .
`` This large-scale project has been carefully managed and no incidents in the last year where national resources were deployed were caused by the smoking ban . ''
New psychoactive substances ( NPS ) , which were known as legal highs until the introduction of a blanket ban in 2016 , have been identified as a key driver behind the record levels of violence in prisons .
Referring to the drugs , the report on Leicester said : `` These generally refer to synthetic cannabinoids , a growing number of human-made mind-altering chemicals that are either sprayed on dried , shredded plant material or paper so they can be smoked or sold as liquids to be vaporised and inhaled in e-cigarettes and other devices . ''
While there had been improvements in control and supervision of inmates , there were some `` clear failings '' in perimeter and procedural security , the inspectorate found .
Internal gates were often left unlocked , and plans to cover an exercise yard close to the prison wall to prevent `` throw-overs '' had been outstanding for around 18 months .
HMP Leicester , a small men 's prison which first opened in 1828 , held 308 inmates at the time of the latest inspection in January .
Peter Clarke , the chief inspector of prisons , said that while the jail was `` still not safe enough '' , there had been `` significant improvements '' across many areas .
They said the prison had become more respectful and the wings were much calmer .
The report praised the `` excellent '' range of extra-curricular activities put on at the jail , including a Dragons ' Den-style event .
Michael Spurr , chief executive of Them Majesty 's Prison & Probation Service , said : `` Significant work has been done to improve safety and conditions at HMP Leicester and I 'm pleased that the progress made has been highlighted in this report . ''
COLUMBIA , S.C. ( WJBF/AP ) – South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster wants to fire the man who leads the state owned utility involved in the abandoned construction of two nuclear reactors in Columbia .
McMaster wrote a letter to Santee Cooper Chairman Leighton Lord .
It says they plan to remove them in 10 days unless they respond by this Friday .
The Governor says Lord purposefully did not turn over all the documents they have asked for concerning the two nuclear reactors that were being built at the V.C . Summer plant and has avoided legislative hearings on the failed reactors .
Lord says the letter is wrong but has n't decided what to do about fighting the firing .
BEIJING , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Toyota Motor Corp aims to sell as many as 1.4 million vehicles in China this year , compared with 1.29 million sold in 2017 , two people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Friday .
The people , who declined to be identified as they were not authorised to comment publicly on the matter , said the target was a “ stretch goal ” for the company this year - a target that is not the baseline sales forecast and one that executives acknowledge will be difficult to achieve .
The firm is expected to disclose its January sales performance in China later on Friday . ( Reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu ; Writing by Se Young Lee )
The application icons of Facebook , Twitter and Google are displayed on an iPhone next to an earphone set in this illustration photo taken in Berlin , June 17 , 2013 . REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski
LONDON Britain will tell Google , Facebook , Twitter , and Microsoft on Thursday to do more to stop extremists posting content on their platforms and using encrypted messaging services to plan attacks .
Home Secretary Amber Rudd said on Sunday tech companies should stop offering a `` secret place for terrorists to communicate '' , after British parliament attacker Khalid Masood was widely reported to have sent encrypted messages moments before they killed four people last week .
Rudd has summoned the internet companies to a meeting to urge them to do more to block extremist content from platforms like Facebook and Google 's YouTube , but a government spokesperson said encryption was also on the agenda .
`` The message is the government thinks there is more they can do in relation to taking down extremist and hate material and that is what they are going to be talking about this afternoon , '' the prime minister 's spokesperson said on Thursday .
`` I 'd expect encryption to come up but when these talks were agreed it was in relation to extremist material . ''
Some smaller tech firms will be at the meeting , another spokesperson said , but the list does not include Apple .
Facebook and Google declined to comment ahead of the meeting . Microsoft and Twitter did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
The U.S. internet giants have all raced over the past year to show they are doing more to remove extremist material from their sites , but argue that there is no technical silver bullet that can fix the issue .
In December , they agreed with the European Union to create a shared database to help each other speed this process once any one of the companies identifies clearly illegal or inflammatory content . ( reut.rs/2nz1dzB )
Rudd said they were `` calling time on terrorists using social media as their platform '' on Sunday , and they appealed for help from the owners of encrypted messaging apps such as Facebook 's WhatsApp .
Britain is already implementing sweeping new powers for police and security services under the Investigative Powers Act enacted last year .
`` This may be just a way to impress on industry that the government means business here , '' said James Blessing , chairperson of the UK Internet Services Providers ' Association , which represents more than 200 internet access and hosting firms .
The new law has provisions to force tech firms to help law enforcement agencies bypass encryption , where possible , and keep records of sites their customers visit , updating decades-old surveillance laws .
The government has said it supports the use of encryption in many business and consumer services , but it has also effectively demanded that law enforcement be given privileged access to decode encrypted extremist chatter .
Technical experts are in nearly universal agreement that such back doors into encrypted systems will weaken security for all web users as the openings used by police will eventually be exploited by cyber criminals or foreign spies .
The European Union is also increasing pressure on the U.S. major tech companies .
On Tuesday , EU Justice Minister Vera Jourova said the commission will propose new policies in June to force Facebook , Google , Microsoft and Twitter to make it easier for police to access data .
( Reporting by Paul Sandle , Eric Auchard and Kylie MacLellan ; editing by Stephen Addison )
Dive Brief :
More teachers working in high-need areas or low-income schools are seeing their TEACH “ grants ” converted to loans with interest because of miscommunication , late responses or technical issues , according to a NPR Ed update on the issue .
The TEACH grant program , which began in 2008 and offers prospective teachers up to $ 4,000 a year in grants if they meet program requirements , is administered by FedLoan , a loan servicer that appears to be largely unresponsive to the problems these teachers are facing .
A government review of the issue concluded that one-third of the teachers who had their grants converted to loans were likely or very likely to meet the program requirements or had already met them .
Dive Insight :
As a growing number of teachers face more problems with their TEACH grants , administrators may see this as one more issue that affects the recruitment of teachers to the profession . The Learning Policy Institute cites grant programs such as these as one of the solutions to teacher recruitment — especially in attracting well-prepared teachers . In this article , the authors say that `` the rising costs of higher education — and concern about student loan debt — has contributed to many prospective teachers choosing alternative pathways that allow them to begin teaching and earning a salary , while they are studying to be a teacher . Debt loads can be offset with forgivable loans and scholarships that can boost recruitment and retention . ”
However , if these “ forgivable loans ” are not forgiven , this creates a problem not only for teachers experiencing the issue , but for those whose faith in the process is undermined . Prospective teachers are already discouraged by negative messaging from those who are protesting teaching pay and working conditions .
School leaders may not be able to solve the TEACH grant problems , but they can focus on creating a culture in which teachers want to work . Creating collaborative environments in which teachers feel their ideas are valued can reinforce their commitment to the profession despite these frustrations .
Chemiluminescence , the process that lights up glow sticks , occurs when a chemical reaction produces light . Researchers from Tel Aviv University developed new reagents to visually detect molecular processes inside cells or biological samples .
Contact
Biosynth
* * * @ biosynth.ch Biosynth
End
-- Biosynth , a global company supplying intermediate chemicals to the life science industry and Tel Aviv University ( TAU ) through Ramot its Business Engagement Center , announce the signing of a licensing agreement giving Biosynth the right to manufacture and sell probes invented byfrom the TAU School of Chemistry.Prof . Doron Shabat has developed a series of Dioxetane based novel chemiluminescence probes for research and diagnostic applications . This work was recently published inand received much attention and follow-up comments.These probes offer unique advantages as they can work as single agents ( without the need for enhancers ) , they have a higher efficiency and sensitivity over currently existing probes , they are especially designed to work under physiological conditions and can be used ex-vivo and in-vivo.Dr . Urs Spitz , President of Biosynth declared : `` We develop reporter molecules for bioanalytical and diagnostics producers across the globe . As soon as I read Doron 's publication I realized how huge the invention 's potential really is - it will dramatically improve the handling and speed of bio tests . `` Biosynth will receive a license to manufacture the probes and sell them to customers who develop and sell kits . The series of invented probes have multiple commercial applications , targeting a potential multibillion dollar market . Ramot has filed the series of probes under the trademark name AquaSpark . `` We are confident that Biosynth is the right partner with the most professional tools to rapidly bring this technology to the market . We intend to work with Biosynth to generate many agreements with multiple players in the various life science sectors in order to make AquaSpark™ the acknowledged standard Dioxetane-based novel probe for research and diagnostic applications '' , said Dr. Adi Elkeles , VP BD Life Sciences , Ramot.Prof . Shabat summarized : `` We are extremely encouraged by the speed at which our initial communication and cooperation has developed and I look forward to expanding our collaboration with additional extensions of the current technology which look very promising '' .Tel Aviv University ( TAU ) - Israel 's largest and most comprehensive institution of higher learning - is home to over 30,000 students studying in nine faculties and over 125 schools and departments across the spectrum of sciences , humanities and the arts.Situated in Israel 's cultural , financial and technological capital , TAU shares Tel Aviv 's unshakable spirit of openness and innovation – and boasts a campus life as dynamic and pluralistic as the metropolis itself . Tel Aviv the city and Tel Aviv the university are one and the same – a thriving Mediterranean center of diversity and discovery.Consistently ranked in the top 20 in the world in terms of scientific citations and among the top 100 universities internationally , Tel Aviv University is also Israel 's first choice for students , and its graduates are the most sought after by Israeli companies.Ramot is the Business Engagement Center at Tel Aviv University , Israel 's largest research and teaching university . Founded in 1956 , Tel Aviv University is located in Israel 's cultural , financial and industrial center . Rooted in both academic and corporate arenas , Ramot is uniquely positioned to cultivate the special relationships between these two compelling worlds , creating win-win connections that support fertile , groundbreaking research while providing companies with discoveries that give them a crucial competitive edge . For more information , visit http : //www.ramot.org Biosynth is an accomplished player with a successful history in the field of biochemicals for the diagnostics , pharmaceutical and chemical industries as well as food and environmental analysis . Biosynth 's own biology and chemistry labs constantly drive the further development of molecules for the sensitive detection . In recent years Biosynth has successfullyinnovative chromogenic , fluorogenic and luminescence-based systemsthe field.has branches in the USA , China and the EUthe entire diagnosticindustry . Biosynth , with its productof over 80'000 substances is a competent partner for industrial as well as research customers . www.biosynth.com
BEIJING A senior Uighur Communist Party official in China 's far-western Xinjiang has urged Uighur cadres to reveal `` two-faced people '' and `` clean them out '' , the latest in a string of senior figures to single out their own ethnic group in the restive region .
It had been unusual for Chinese government statements to specifically target an ethnic minority , but a recent series of statements has come as authorities step up security measures to combat what they see as a rising threat from Islamist extremism .
Right groups say that party restrictions on the religion and culture of Muslim Uighurs create simmering resentment against the state and its policies that encouraged many ethnic majority Han Chinese people to move to the region .
In a commentary published by the official Xinjiang Daily on Monday , Yasin Sidik , a senior official from Kashgar city in Xinjiang , urged fellow ethnic Uighur cadres to `` bravely stand at the forefront against separatism '' .
`` We must ... remember to be grateful to the party , '' Yasin said . `` To forget history is tantamount to betrayal . ''
`` We must stand out and reveal 'two-faced ' people , thoroughly seize bad elements out from the masses , clean them out , '' they said .
Sidik 's was at least the fourth such warning from Uighur officials in the past two weeks . Another top Kashgar official warned last week that Uighur party cadres were not pulling their weight in the region 's fight against extremism .
A historic Silk Road trading post , Kashgar is central to China 's Belt and Road initiative , President Xi Jinping 's signature foreign and economic policy that aims to bolster trade and infrastructure links between China , Central Asia , the Middle East and beyond .
However , the city and nearby towns in southern Xinjiang are also among the most unstable in the region , creating a threat to plans that the party is combating with paramilitary and police `` anti-terror '' rallies and a raft of new security measures .
Hundreds have been killed in Xinjiang in the past few years , mostly in unrest between the Uighurs , who call the region home , and Han Chinese . The government has blamed much of the unrest on Islamist militants .
The party encourages ethnic minorities to become cadres , but Uighurs still number far fewer than Han officials in the region . All party employees are expected to be atheist , so those Uighurs who do become party officials are seen by fellow Uighurs as having abandoned their culture .
( Reporting by Philip Wen ; Editing by Paul Tait )
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges , UK court told
LONDON , June 13 Vijay Mallya , the co-owner of Formula One team Force India , could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India , a London court heard on Tuesday .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says their cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
( James Saft is a Reuters columnist . The opinions expressed are their own )
By James Saft
April 12 The market is still offering globally diversified equity investors a free lunch , but only if they are in it for the long haul .
That 's good news given the drubbing diversified investors took during the great financial crisis due to a rise in correlation of stock and bond markets . If everything goes down and up at the same time and in the same way , diversification would lose its value .
Since Nobel Prize winner Harry Markowitz first coined the phrase in 1952 , diversification , with its ability to enhance portfolio returns while suppressing volatility , has been widely acknowledged as the ‘ only free lunch ' in investing .
The conventional argument for international diversification held that the investor 's prospective holding horizon made no difference . What did matter was the volatility of the markets involved , their expected returns and how closely correlated they were to one another . Since markets trade differently to one another , spreading one 's bets reduces volatility overall , reducing risk and , generally , allowing investors to take a more aggressive allocation in consequence .
A new study from researchers at Harvard University finds that for equity investors with long-term holding periods , international diversification still works .
“ If anything , the benefits of holding global equity portfolios for long-horizon investors have increased since the turn of the century . Long-term investors can still use global portfolios to diversify away long-term equity cash flow risk , ” Luis Viceira , Zixuan Wang and John Zhou of Harvard write in a new working paper . ( here )
On one argument , as global markets have become more inter-connected due to investors being active in many of them , they have become more correlated . An investor who loses money in U.S. stocks , for example , and needs to raise cash will now sell a bit of their global stock portfolio , spreading the impact of a downdraft .
Correlations during the peak of the crisis were more than double their levels during much of the 1990s , and even now remain elevated .
Much depends , the study finds , on the kind of news that drives a shock to global markets . If it is fundamental news which implies business conditions will be worse , correlation increases will hit all investors regardless of how long they intend to hold their stocks or bonds , according to the study . So the kind of event which might make for worse corporate cash flow across international economies will genuinely reduce the value of being diversified .
TWO KINDS OF GLOBALIZATION
Changes in discount rate news , the market interest rates investors use to value future streams of earnings , behave differently , in large part because the discount rates tend to revert to previous means . That means that if you are a long-term investor and can sit out a global downturn your benefit from diversification will hold even though you suffer in the short term from a rising correlation .
In other words , higher correlation due to globalization of markets does n't hurt the value of diversification but higher correlation due to globalization of economies does . Equity correlations have been driven more by financial market integration than economic integration , meaning the value of international equity diversification still holds for long-term investors .
The study looked at stock and bond markets in seven large developed countries between 1986 and 2013 .
“ When discount rate shocks become more correlated across markets but cash flow shocks do n't , long-horizon investors can still use global diversification to attenuate long-run cash-flow risk , which is the most relevant risk to them , ” the authors write .
The notable decline in equity market volatility within countries has if anything increased the benefits of holding stocks , at least if we expect that decline to persist .
For bond investors , however , it is a different story . Bond market correlation is more driven by economic integration than financial market integration , meaning that the diversification free lunch for bonds has genuinely diminished . A diversified portfolio of bonds is still valuable for insurance companies and pension funds who want to hedge their long-term obligations , however . That may imply that demand for bonds from the huge number of pension funds and others with long-term obligations may be driving bond prices beyond their true underlying economic value , though this was not the subject of the study .
Free lunches are rare in life , and rarer still in investing . We who can be patient with our equity portfolios should take advantage and diversify internationally . ( Editing by James Dalgleish ) )
HAMBURG May 2 Swiss commodities trading group ECOM has received approval from German cartel authorities to purchase German cocoa grinder Euromar Commodities GmbH which declared insolvency in December , Euromar 's insolvency administrator said on Tuesday .
Production at Euromar 's plant at Fehrbellin near Berlin could resume in coming days , administrator Rolf Rattunde said in a statement . ( Reporting by Michael Hogan ; editing by Jason Neely )
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) — A Missouri death row inmate whose life was spared by a last-minute stay of execution four years ago is asking the U.S. Supreme Court for another reprieve , claiming the process of killing them could cause blood-filled tumors to burst inside their head .
Russell Bucklew is scheduled to die by injection Tuesday evening for killing a former girlfriend 's new boyfriend during a violent rampage in 1996 . They would be the first Missouri prisoner put to death since January 2017 .
Bucklew was within an hour of execution in May 2014 when the U.S. Supreme Court halted it over concerns about Bucklew 's rare medical condition , cavernous hemangioma . The ailment causes weakened and malformed blood vessels , tumors in their head and throat and on their lip , and vein problems .
Nominations se bachne ke liye gharwalon ko manana hoga captain ko ! Kaun hoga Arshi Khan ke nishaane par ? Jaanne ke liye dekhiye # BB11 aaj raat 10:30 PM . # BBSneakPeek pic.twitter.com/lOnmfUNJp3
— The Khabri ( @ BiggBossNewz ) December 11 , 2017
: Colors TV show Bigg Boss 11 makers did n't evict anyone on ‘ Weekend Ka Vaar ' . Both Shilpa Shinde and Akash Dadlani were safe and also there was no twist and neither Shilpa Shinde nor Akash Dadlani got into secret room.Now , it is Monday for us but it is nominations day for the Bigg Boss 11 contestants . Nominations happened this time in a task.As per news in BOC , “ Housemates are divided into two teams for the nomination task . Team Red and Team blue ! Team blue includes- Puneesh Sharma , Akash Dadlani , Hina Khan and Vikas Gupta . On the other hand , Team Red includes- Hiten Tejwani , Shilpa Shinde , Priyank Sharma and Luv Tyagi . Arshi gets the power to save one team , which means all the contestants comprising in that team will be safe from nominations. ” We reveal to you that at the end of the task , Arshi chooses team blue . So the members in team red , Hiten Tejwani , Shilpa Shinde , Priyank Sharma and Luv Tyagi get nominated for this week.No doubt that there are high chances of Luv Tyagi getting evicted from Bigg Boss 11 house this time as strong contestants like Shilpa Shinde , Hiten Tejwani and Priyank Sharma are with them in nominations.Do you think that Luv Tyagi should get evicted this week ? Stay tuned for all Bigg Boss news and updates .
By John Lee .
The United Nations has advertised new positions in Iraqi Kurdistan :
( Source : UN )
AYALA-LED Globe Telecom launched on Thursday new prepaid and postpaid broadband plans with no lock-up periods as part of efforts to expand its subscriber reach .
Advertisements
Globe had announced in January that it was targeting to roll out 400,000 ultra-fast broadband lines by the end of the year to eventually serve 2 million homes by 2020 .
“ For 2017 , it 's 400,000 broadband users , ” both prepaid and postpaid , Martha Sazon , Globe At Home senior vice president , toldreporters following Globe 's product launch Thursday night in Taguig City .
“ The commitment is to connect two million more homes by 2020 . We will be on track with [ the target ] , ” they added .
Sazon said that with the new prepaid and postpaid offerings just launched , the company is optimistic of meeting the said targets .
The new postpaid offerings also come with no lock-up periods .
“ Customers no longer need to worry about committing to a lock-up period to get a postpaid broadband plan . Globe At Home introduces no lock up-plans that can be availed without the usual 24-month contract , ” the company said .
Sazon noted that broadband penetration in the market was only around 14 to 16 percent and that Globe is determined to touch and to equip the other side of the populace .
“ Eighty-seven percent is the population that we want to get , the people we want to provide access with the broadband , one out of 10 homes connected with broadband , ” they said .
Alfreton Town have been handed an away draw in the next round of the Derbyshire Senior Cup competition .
After last Tuesday night 's 1-0 win over holders Matlock Town at the Impact Arena , the Reds will travel to New Mills AFC in the quarter-finals of the county contest — their first match at New Mills .
New Mills edged past Tideswell United on Tuesday 2-1 to set up the last-four tie , which is scheduled to be played around 7th January .
The Reds ' win over Matlock was their first home success in three months and their first clean sheet since August .
The winning goal came from Andre Johnson goal after 62 minutes as they were credited with chesting in a Marcus Marshall corner .
U.S. Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry answers a question during the Reuters Financial Regulation Summit in Washington May 16 , 2016 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
The Trump administration plans to replace Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry as chief overseer of federally chartered banks , the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday .
The change , which could happen as soon as this week , could lead to President Donald Trump replacing Curry with an acting head of the agency , WSJ reported , citing people familiar with the matter . on.wsj.com/2oRJcjU
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) , which oversees the federal banking system , administers hundreds of bank supervisors stationed inside large U.S. financial firms .
Curry , appointed by the Obama administration for a five-year term that expired in April , could remain in the role until a new appointment is made .
President Trump is considering Joseph Otting , a former banker at OneWest Bank who worked with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin , to take on the responsibility of this office and replace Curry , the paper said .
Keith Noreika , a banking lawyer at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP , is being considered as acting comptroller , WSJ said . Noreika was part of Trump 's transition team for Treasury . They also advised Treasury on its $ 250 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , in 2008 .
The White House and OCC were not immediately available for comment .
Noreika did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment .
( Reporting by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier )
SYDNEY : China has an obligation to use its “ enormous leverage ” to bring nuclear-armed North Korea back from the brink , Australia 's prime minister said on Tuesday , toughening Canberra 's position on the escalating crisis .
Malcolm Turnbull 's remarks came after the North 's latest failed missile test and ahead of a visit to Australia by US Vice President Mike Pence , who is in Asia to signal Washington 's commitment to regional security .
“ The North Korea regime is a reckless and dangerous threat to peace and stability in our region and , indeed , in the world , ” Turnbull told reporters in Canberra . “ The real obligation — the heaviest obligation — is on China . ”
Beijing has “ enormous leverage over North Korea ” and “ the ability to bring , to pull North Korea back into at least the position where it is not threatening to rain down devastation on its neighbors , ” Turnbull said . “ So what we 're now looking forward to is action from China . ”
A close US ally , Australia nonetheless enjoys a good relationship with China , its biggest trading partner .
Beijing is under intense pressure , particularly from the US , to do more to rein in Pyongyang , which has defied international pressure over its quest to develop a nuclear-tipped ballistic missile capable of reaching the US mainland .
But China has long opposed dramatic action against the North , fearing the regime 's collapse would send a flood of refugees across its border and leave the US military on its doorstep .
Yet US threats to take unilateral action have rattled Chinese leaders , pushing them to pursue a tougher line against their neighbor , including suspending coal imports from the country for the remainder of the year .
Pence is due to meet Turnbull in Sydney on Saturday .
AFP
Harrogate District NHS Foundation Trust employs over 2,000 people within its hospital and some 1,000 more in the community .
The NHS is regularly in the headlines over the pressures it faces but in our feature series Introducing : Harrogate 's Health Heroes , we want to bring you the good stories about teams who work so hard . This week we meet the Supported Discharge Service .
Leicester City manager Craig Shakespeare has urged their players not to rest on their laurels following a three-game winning streak that has lifted them to 15th in the Premier League , six points above the relegation zone .
Leicester 's title-winning manager Claudio Ranieri was sacked last month after they presided over a nine-game winless streak that left the side hanging one point above the bottom three .
Leicester has since won four successive matches in all competitions to move clear of relegation and reach the Champions League quarter-finals .
`` There are a lot of twists and turns to come and we 're proof of that , '' Shakespeare told reporters on Friday . `` Three games ago in the Premier League we were down there and people were writing us off .
`` The sooner we can secure our safety the better - it 's our main focus . We 've got two home games and it could go a long way in making sure we 're safe , but also it could go the other way if we do n't get the results we want . ''
Leicester will be without captain Wes Morgan , who missed the 3-2 victory at West Ham United , for Saturday 's home match against ninth-placed Stoke City , as the central defender is yet to recover from a back injury .
`` We 're trying to give Wes enough time themselves to see how they feel and then push them when he 's right , '' Shakespeare added .
However , midfielder Danny Drinkwater is fit to face Stoke despite declining an England call-up due to a hip injury .
The 27-year-old Drinkwater chose to rest during the international break for fear of aggravating the problem .
`` He 's fine , '' said Shakespeare . `` He got a few rest days , which they needed . Danny 's is more of a hip flexor problem , brought on via fatigue . We 'd like to thank England for their cooperation there . ''
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru ; editing by Ed Osmond )
Highlights If you are a Delhiite , you would know what food means to you
Delhi has some amazing dhabas that you would love to visit
Dhabas ensure a very earthy feeling about food and we love it
Delhi is a food lover 's hub , there 's no denying the fact . With so many delicious options to choose from , eating in the city is always an exciting affair . Delhi is also home to many dhabas which have been serving authentic North Indian fare for years now . The sheer flavour and dash of earthiness in the food served in dhabas can beat any top notch restaurant . The simple ambience with rustic wooden tables and chairs may not be appealing but the food in these places are to die for . Some of these dhabas are more than 50 years old , serving their patrons signature dishes that have n't lost their charm . We have picked 10 best dhabas in Delhi that will force you to taste the rich and authentic food out there . Take a look !
1 . Rajinder Da Dhaba
Rajinder Da Dhaba is one of the most popular and oldest dhabas in Delhi and we could n't agree more . Located in a plush locality , its delectable food at an economical price will give restaurants a run for their money . It may not have a good ambience but the non-vegetarian dishes served here are to die for . It is a busy eat-out but it makes sure to serve the ordered food on time . If you happen to visit this dhaba , do not miss Galauti Kebab , Butter Chicken , Chicken Curry , Kadhai Paneer , Mutton Tikka , Chicken Tangdi Fry and Kathi Roll .
Location : AB-14 , Safdarjung Enclave Market , Safdarjung , New Delhi
Cost for Two : INR 800 ( approximately )
Contact : +91 11 2610 0355
2 . Bhape Da Hotel
Bhape Da Hotel has been known for its excellent dining experience for years now . The place is known for its North Indian cuisine . It has a simple ambience but the food tops the chart any day . You must try Chicken Curry , Dal Makhani , Saag Meat , Mutton Seekh , Paneer Tikka , Mutton Curry , Egg Curry and Butter Chicken to treat your palates .
Location : 75 , Municipal Market , Connaught Place , New Delhi
Cost for Two : INR 850 ( approximately )
Contact : +91 98119 21616
3 . National Restaurant
A small set up located in Connaught Place , National Restaurant 's food and service can not be missed . The ambience may not be very appealing , but the non-vegetarian dishes here will definitely not disappoint you . The most recommended dishes to try here are Butter Chicken , Chicken Curry , Mutton Saag , Meat Curry , Brain Curry , Dahi Meat and Dal Makhani . If you have n't visited this dhaba , we are sure you are missing out on a lot .
Location : 82 & 83 , NDMC Market , Connaught Place , New Delhi
Cost for Two : INR 600 ( approximately )
Contact : +91 11 6541 0327
4 . Mughal Mahal Restaurant
One of the USPs of Mughal Mahal in Rajendra Place is its Butter Chicken , which is top notch . The most recommended dishes after Butter Chicken are Dal Makhani , Chicken Pakoda , Paneer Makhani and Malai Kofta . So if you have n't had an authentic Butter Chicken for the longest time , maybe it 's time to visit Mughal Mahal Restaurant . This dhaba is believed to serve alcohol too .
Location : 7 , Sethi Bhawan , Rajendra Place , New Delhi
Cost for Two : INR 1,100 ( approximately )
Contact : 9873141154
5 . Laxman Fast Food
If you are in Delhi and have n't been to the Qutub Institutional Area to visit their range of dhabas , you are certainly missing out . If you have been there , you would know Laxman Fast Food has got some serious fan following for its amazing dishes . Not just this , celebrities like Ranbir Kapoor have visited the dhaba during film shootings . The most recommended dishes here are Keema Parantha , Chilli Potato , Chicken Parantha , Chicken Macaroni and the inevitable chai .
Location : F-113 , Opposite Indian Institute of Foreign Trade ( IIFT ) , Qutub Institutional Area , New Delhi
Cost for Two : INR 600 ( approximately )
Contact : +91 98180 57230
6 . Kwality Dhaba
Kwality Dhaba is a vegetarian 's paradise in West Delhi , known for its quality and quantity of food . Not a very huge place , Kwality offers vegetarians a range of dishes to choose from and it is super economical . The most recommended dishes here are Dal Makhani with Butter Roti , Kadhai Paneer , Malai Chaap , Tawa Chaap , Spring Rolls , Shahi Paneer and Kadhai Paneer .
Location : WZ-38 , Uggarsan Market , Ashok Nagar , Shubhash Nagar , New Delhi
Cost for two : INR 450 ( approximately )
Contact : +91 98189 93535
7 . Ashok & Ashok Meat Dhaba
Ashok & Ashok Meat Dhaba as the name suggests is known for its non-vegetarian delicacies . It does not have any seating arrangement and is a take-away place . The most recommended dishes here include Chicken Curry , Mutton Curry and Chicken Tikka with Rumali Roti among others .
Location : Shop-3 , C-8 Market , Vasant Kunj , New Delhi
Cost for Two : INR 650 ( approximately )
Contact : +91 98118 34949
8 . Ajit Khalsa Dhaba
Easy to find , Ajit Khalsa Dhaba is too good to be missed out . Situated in Chattarpur , it gives you a typical dhaba experience , where their service is believed to be quick and the food delicious . The dhaba is known for its North Indian and Mughlai delicacies . Here , you can have the best Butter Chicken , Mutton Curry , Laccha Parantha and Butter Naan . If you miss a typical dhaba experience , head over to Ajit Khalsa Dhaba !
Location : Opposite Tivoli Garden , Chattarpur Main Road , Chattarpur , New Delhi
Cost for Two : INR 550 ( approximately )
Contact : +91 99992 28099
9 . Prem Dhaba
As for a dhaba , you can not expect the best ambience , but you can definitely have the best food experience . Prem Dhaba welcomes you to such an experience . Located in West Delhi , the dhaba is a delightful food journey for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians . It has a crammed seating but the food is worth every hurdle . Some of the recommended dishes here are Chicken Masala , Mutton Chaap , Chicken Roganjosh , Dal Makhani and Butter Chicken .
Location : 11139 , East Park Road , Opposite JD Titler School , Karol Bagh , New Delhi
Cost for Two : INR 650 ( approximately )
Contact : +91 11 2352 4219
10 . Kake-da-Hotel
Kake-da-Hotel is one of the oldest and most popular dhabas in Delhi . It may not be fancy but the food here is exceptionally tasty . The owners have been serving authentic North Indian food for more than three generations . You should try the Chicken Curry , Chicken Biryani , Keema Kaleji , Soya Chaap , Chicken Seekh , Butter Chicken and Dal Makhani without really burning a hole in your pocket .
Location : 67 , Municipal Market , Connaught Circle , Connaught Place , New Delhi
Cost for Two : INR 600 ( approximately )
Contact : +91 11 2341 1580
Do tell us which dhaba tops your list and which one you would love to try .
Sir , – Bruce Arnold 's opinion piece “ We have just voted God out of the Constitution ” ( May 30th ) is , despite its headline , a timely reminder of how far we have yet to travel to take God out of the Constitution . In addition to the preamble , citing “ all our obligations to our Divine Lord , Jesus Christ ” , and article 6.1 , citing all powers as deriving from the people “ under God ” , there are several more mentions of a deity in our Constitution .
For example , other articles direct that important public office holders – the President , members of the Council of State and members of the judiciary – swear an oath of office in the “ presence of Almighty God ” .
Article 44.1 states that “ The State acknowledges that the homage of public worship is due to Almighty God ” and that “ It shall hold Their Name in reverence ” .
There have been calls in recent days for the Citizens ' Assembly to be reconvened to address the role of religious organisations in the provision of education .
Perhaps the Citizens ' Assembly could also be tasked with examining how to take God out of our Constitution once and for all so that Mr Arnold 's opinion piece would match its headline . – Yours , etc ,
SÉAMUS WHITE ,
Dublin 1 .
Sir , – Bruce Arnold 's Nietzschean proclamation that we have just voted God out of the Constitution could n't be wider of the mark .
While the Constitution , adopted in 1937 , has references reflecting the Catholic orthodoxy of the time , the courts have not interpreted its provisions on fundamental rights as Christian rights .
In the McGee case in 1973 , the Supreme Court emphatically rejected the idea that natural law was God 's law , finding that the fundamental rights in our Constitution derived from universal values of prudence , justice and charity .
Only last year , the High Court , in Friends of the Irish Environment v Fingal County Council , confirmed that natural law is a universal secular human concept when it identified a fundamental Constitutional right to an environment consistent with our well-being and human dignity .
The reality is God has n't been voted out of the Constitution because God was never in it in the first place . – Yours , etc ,
FRED LOGUE ,
Smithfield ,
Dublin 7 .
Sir , – Bruce Arnold states that the electorate has succumbed to the original “ fake news ” uttered to the woman in the Garden of Eden .
The serpent in question , however , told Eve the truth ; there was nothing fake at all about what they were told .
There are indeed consequences from the knowledge of good and evil but Eve was not lied to by the serpent . – Yours , etc ,
PAUL KOMIEROWSKI ,
Ballyconnell ,
Co Cavan .
Sir , – Bruce Arnold is concerned that “ we have just voted God out of the Constitution ” .
They should never have been there in the first place . – Yours , etc ,
ULTAN Ó BROIN ,
Blackrock ,
Co Dublin .
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
From the UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS and the “ humans have survived far worse climates ” department .
New research suggests toward end of Ice Age , human beings witnessed fires larger than dinosaur killers
LAWRENCE — On a ho-hum day some 12,800 years ago , the Earth had emerged from another ice age . Things were warming up , and the glaciers had retreated .
Out of nowhere , the sky was lit with fireballs . This was followed by shock waves .
Fires rushed across the landscape , and dust clogged the sky , cutting off the sunlight . As the climate rapidly cooled , plants died , food sources were snuffed out , and the glaciers advanced again . Ocean currents shifted , setting the climate into a colder , almost “ ice age ” state that lasted an additional thousand years .
Finally , the climate began to warm again , and people again emerged into a world with fewer large animals and a human culture in North America that left behind completely different kinds of spear points .
This is the story supported by a massive study of geochemical and isotopic markers just published in the Journal of Geology .
The results are so massive that the study had to be split into two papers .
“ Extraordinary Biomass-Burning Episode and Impact Winter Triggered by the Younger Dryas Cosmic Cosmic Impact ~12,800 Years Ago ” is divided into “ Part I : Ice Cores and Glaciers ” and “ Part 2 : Lake , Marine , and Terrestrial Sediments . ”
The paper 's 24 authors include KU Emeritus Professor of Physics & Astronomy Adrian Melott and Professor Brian Thomas , a 2005 doctoral graduate from KU , now at Washburn University .
“ The work includes measurements made at more than 170 different sites across the world , ” Melott said .
The KU researcher and their colleagues believe the data suggests the disaster was touched off when Earth collided with fragments of a disintegrating comet that was roughly 62 miles in diameter — the remnants of which persist within our solar system to this day .
“ The hypothesis is that a large comet fragmented and the chunks impacted the Earth , causing this disaster , ” said Melott . “ A number of different chemical signatures — carbon dioxide , nitrate , ammonia and others — all seem to indicate that an astonishing 10 percent of the Earth 's land surface , or about 10 million square kilometers , was consumed by fires . ”
According to Melott , analysis of pollen suggests pine forests were probably burned off to be replaced by poplar , which is a species that colonizes cleared areas .
Indeed , the authors posit the cosmic impact could have touched off the Younger Dryas cool episode , biomass burning , late Pleistocene extinctions of larger species and “ human cultural shifts and population declines . ”
“ Computations suggest that the impact would have depleted the ozone layer , causing increases in skin cancer and other negative health effects , ” Melott said . “ The impact hypothesis is still a hypothesis , but this study provides a massive amount of evidence , which we argue can only be all explained by a major cosmic impact . ”
# # #
The study : http : //www.journals.uchicago.edu/doi/10.1086/695703
Extraordinary Biomass-Burning Episode and Impact Winter Triggered by the Younger Dryas Cosmic Impact ∼12,800 Years Ago . 1 . Ice Cores and Glaciers
Abstract
The Younger Dryas boundary ( YDB ) cosmic-impact hypothesis is based on considerable evidence that Earth collided with fragments of a disintegrating ≥100-km-diameter comet , the remnants of which persist within the inner solar system ∼12,800 y later . Evidence suggests that the YDB cosmic impact triggered an “ impact winter ” and the subsequent Younger Dryas ( YD ) climate episode , biomass burning , late Pleistocene megafaunal extinctions , and human cultural shifts and population declines . The cosmic impact deposited anomalously high concentrations of platinum over much of the Northern Hemisphere , as recorded at 26 YDB sites at the YD onset , including the Greenland Ice Sheet Project 2 ice core , in which platinum deposition spans ∼21 y ( ∼12,836–12,815 cal BP ) . The YD onset also exhibits increased dust concentrations , synchronous with the onset of a remarkably high peak in ammonium , a biomass-burning aerosol . In four ice-core sequences from Greenland , Antarctica , and Russia , similar anomalous peaks in other combustion aerosols occur , including nitrate , oxalate , acetate , and formate , reflecting one of the largest biomass-burning episodes in more than 120,000 y . In support of widespread wildfires , the perturbations in CO 2 records from Taylor Glacier , Antarctica , suggest that biomass burning at the YD onset may have consumed ∼10 million km2 , or ∼9 % of Earth 's terrestrial biomass . The ice record is consistent with YDB impact theory that extensive impact-related biomass burning triggered the abrupt onset of an impact winter , which led , through climatic feedbacks , to the anomalous YD climate episode .
Advertisements
BELFAST Northern Irish parties will have a `` final opportunity '' until early May to form a power-sharing government and avoid another election or direct rule from London , the British minister responsible for the province said on Wednesday as they paused talks for Easter .
Northern Ireland politics has been in crisis since Irish nationalist party Sinn Fein pulled out of government in January , prompting an election that ended the majority pro-British unionists had enjoyed for nearly a century .
However it has been unable to reach a new deal to return to power with the province 's largest party , the Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) , raising the prospect of direct rule by Britain after six weeks of inconclusive talks .
While Northern Ireland minister James Brokenshire said the British government might draw up legislation to allow it to help local councils carry out their functions , they said there was still time for a deal to restore all devolved powers .
`` The parties will have a final opportunity after Easter to reach agreement , '' Brokenshire said in a statement .
`` There is still a lack of agreement on a small but significant number of issues ... If no executive is formed by early May , this is likely to mean , however undesirable , either an election or a return to decision-making from Westminster . ''
England and Northern Ireland are to celebrate Easter this year with public holidays on April 14 and April 17 .
Brokenshire said the election results clearly indicated that Northern Ireland had voted for a continuation of devolved government in the province and that agreement between unionists and nationalists remains achievable .
While no one is predicting the political impasse risks returning Northern Ireland to the violence between Irish nationalists and pro-British unionists that killed 3,600 people in three decades before a 1998 peace deal , it could increase sectarian tensions and freeze decision-making as Britain prepares to leave the European Union .
( Reporting by Padraic Halpin in Dublin and Alistair Smout in London ; editing by Stephen Addison )
A Moody 's sign on the 7 World Trade Center tower is photographed in New York August 2 , 2011 . REUTERS/Mike Segar
LONDON Moody 's credit ratings agency said on Wednesday it expected Britain and the European Union will eventually strike a deal that preserves most - but probably not all - of their current trading relationship after Brexit .
`` However , such an agreement would likely take years of negotiation , and there are clear downside risks , '' Colin Ellis , Moodys chief credit officer for Europe , said in a statement .
`` Substantial new tariff or non-tariff barriers , in particular , would have an adverse impact on UK sectors that trade extensively with the EU market . ''
Earlier on Wednesday Prime Minister Theresa May filed formal Brexit divorce papers , pitching Britain into the unknown and triggering years of uncertain negotiations that will test the cohesion of the European Union .
( Reporting by William Schomberg , writing by Andy Bruce , editing by David Milliken )
Billy Hofacker , BS , CSCS , Farmingdale and Babylon personal training & weight loss facility owner , announces their 10-4 Challenge to help busy Long Islanders ( specifically Farmingdale and Babylon residents ) lose 10 pounds in 4 weeks .
Contact
Total Body Boot Camp and Performance Center
* * * @ lifitnessbootcamp.com Total Body Boot Camp and Performance Center
End
-- Long Island , NY – 1/2/17 – Billy Hofacker , Farmingdale and Babylon personal trainer & weight loss expert , is kicking off the 10 ( Pounds ) – 4 ( Weeks ) Transformation Challenge on 1/16/17 . `` Weight loss is the number one New Year 's Resolution each year , and sadly , most people give up before the month of January ends , '' says Hofacker . `` Our team at Total Body Boot Camp and Performance Center wants to put an end to that statistic in 2017 for 40 local residents with our new 4-week challenge . `` The 4-week 10 Pound Weight Loss Challenge will include group personal training , nutrition & lifestyle coaching , daily & weekly accountability , and an interactive support group.Hofacker 's passion is clear – `` My team and I could n't be more excited to work with our challenge participants . It 's going to be a great year , one in which folks get more out of life . The weight loss is great but what 's more is the healthier lifestyle they will be incorporating . `` The 10-4 Challenge starts on January 16with an orientation on January 14 . The challenge will last a full 4 weeks . The registration deadline is January 12at the end of the business day . For more information or to register , visit https : //tbbcrocks.leadpages.co/ 10-4-challenge/ About Billy HofackerAuthor of the soon-to-be released book , and owner of Total Body Boot Camp and Performance Center with locations in Farmingdale and Babylon , NY . Phone : ( 631 ) 225-7831 - E-mail : billy @ lifitnessbootcamp.comTotal Body Boot Camp is on a mission to help busy people lose weight and get more out of life . Learn more at https : //tbbcrocks.leadpages.co/ 10-4-challenge/
March 29 Gam Holding
* RBR Capital Advisors , a GAM investor , says it opposes re-election of board members Diego du Monceau , Ezra Field , along with Chairman Hugh Scott-Barrett
* RBR proposes to elect Kasia Robinski as chairperson , William Raynar as a board member and Rudolf Bohli as a representative of RBR
* RBR to hold webcast on March 30 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Zurich newsroom )
April 10 Xcerra Corp
* Xcerra Corp to be acquired for approximately $ 580m by Unic Capital Management , an affiliate of Sino IC Capital
* Agreement under which Unic Capital Management will acquire all outstanding shares of Xcerra for $ 10.25 per share in cash
* Board of directors has unanimously approved transaction , Xcerra expects no changes to day-to-day operations of company
* Xcerra expects no changes to day-to-day operations of company and expects that Xcerra 's existing management will continue to run company
* Transaction price represents approximately a 16 percent premium to Xcerra 's average closing price over 30 trading day period ending April 7 , 2017
* Deal requires Xcerra to pay termination fee of $ 14.3 million to affiliate of Sino IC Capital if Xcerra terminates merger due to superior offer
* Deal requires Xcerra to pay termination fee of $ 22.8 million to an affiliate of Sino IC Capital if Xcerra terminates deal following go-shop period
* Merger includes `` go-shop '' period , during which Xcerra to actively solicit alternative proposals from third parties for next 35 days through May 12 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 28 Nine Express Ltd
* Share purchase agreement was entered into between connected-world as vendor , Cheng Ngok Fai as covenantor and China U-Ton Holdings
* Pursuant to SP agreement a , connected- world to sell and purchaser to purchase 100 million shares of HK $ 0.01 each in capital of co for US $ 3.1 million
* Pursuant to SP agreement B , Full Dragon agreed to sell shares representing about 9.4 % of issued share capital of co for US $ 7.3 million Source text for Eikon : [ bit.ly/2pbVMJz ] Further company coverage :
LONDON , April 10 Goldman Sachs has recommended its clients take a short position on French government bond futures maturing in June ahead of two-round presidential elections that begin later this month .
`` We recommend going tactically short June French futures at 147-72 , for an initial target of 144.00 , and stops on a close above 150.00 , '' Goldman Sachs economists said in a note sent on Monday .
The position would allow investors to take a view on duration in a market that the bank considers expensive , they added .
The economists noted the effect the upcoming presidential elections could have on French government bonds .
They said at a victory by either of the centrists , Francois Fillon or Emmanuel Macron , would see the French government bond yield spread over Germany fall whereas a win for either anti-establishment party - headed by Marine Le Pen and Jean-Luc Melenchon respectively - would see the gap increasing . ( Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan ; editing by Sujata Rao )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
Washington state Gov . Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
River Ridge 's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
Trump talks about Russia accusations , business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48
MOSCOW , April 3 A suicide bomber was responsible for the deadly blast in the St Petersburg metro on Monday , a law enforcement source told Interfax , citing preliminary information .
The source also told Interfax that authorities had established the identity of the suspected suicide bomber and that the suspect was a 23-year-old from central Asia who had carried an explosive device into the St Petersburg metro in a rucksack .
A man who was captured on surveillance cameras and earlier suspected of a role in the blast came forward to police and said that they played no role , Interfax reported .
Separately , Russian news agencies reported that President Vladimir Putin had met with security services over the incident and laid flowers at the metro station where the blast happened .
( Reporting by Alexander Winning ; Editing by Alison Williams )
Third candidate enter SLO County District 3 supervisor race
February 3 , 2018
Former District 2 supervisor and coastal commissioner Steve MacElvaine has decided not to challenge Supervisor Bruce Gibson in the June election . Even so , Gibson is slated to face at least two challengers after Morro Bay real estate broker and attorney Patrick Sparks joined the District 2 supervisor race earlier this week . [ Cal Coast Times ]
Sparks , a Republican , said they decided to run for office after being asked by several members of the community to join the race .
Sparks graduated from the University of California San Diego with a bachelors degrees in political science and economics . They then went on to teach urban studies and design before receiving a masters degree in political science . After attending law school , they passed the state bar in 1995 .
Through their experience as a real estate broker , Sparks discovered there is a need for planning that supports an aging population , they said .
Sparks supports a balanced cost based approach for public projects . They criticized Gibson 's promotion of a $ 183 million Los Osos sewer project .
“ Gibson cost the city of Los Osos in excess of $ 100 million for a sewer project that could have built a different way for less , ” Sparks said . “ The same problem is now occurring in Morro Bay . ”
As for issues with hostility among current board members , Sparks said they would try to build unity through peace not animosity .
Last month , Jeff Eckles , a small business owner and the former executive director of the Home Builders Association of the Central Coast , filed papers challenging Gibson for the District 2 seat .
Gibson has served as a county supervisor since 2006 and has been subsequently re-elected twice . Gibson and Supervisor Adam Hill , both Democrats , generally vote together and regularly oppose the boards three-person conservative majority . Eckles is registered as no party preference .
District 2 , which runs along the coast from San Simeon to Los Osos and includes a portion of San Luis Obispo , has 4,751 more Democrats than Republicans .
Loading ...
click to enlarge Bad Brains are Jah-powered legends .
Legendary band Bad Brains was originally called Mind Power , a jazz fusion group inspired the twin powers by Mahavishnu Orchestra and Napoleon Hill 's book on the benefits of positive thinking . When punk first started creeping through the underground , they switched gears . They also got into Bob Marley , and things got interesting.Changing their name to Bad Brains , they started blasting out light-speed anthems about keeping it positive ( `` Attitude '' ) , how the nation 's capital could n't handle them ( `` Banned in D.C. '' ) and how desegregation was gon na be the end of America ( `` Big Takeover '' ) . Then came one of their many reggae originals ( `` I and I Survive , '' `` Rally Round Jah Throne '' ) , followed by more technical , dense blasters . Bands tried to copy them , and only ended up getting slightly faster — not deeper , smarter and better. , a documentary by Mandy Stein and Ben Logan , uses archival footage and original comic illustrations to tell one version of the band 's story . Bassist Darryl Jenifer has gone on the record saying it miscasts the band , who consider themselves brothers that have always fought with each other . Instead , focuses on two particular fights ( the Riot Fest blowout and a long-ago beef with Texas ' gay punks , Big Boys ) and wraps it up in vocalist HR 's eccentricities . Jenifer grants that It 's pretty good , for a Hollywood film about the band.You can catch it this Saturday at Mad Art ( 2727 South Twelfth Street ) and make up your own mind . After the screening , the Spiders and the Right Brigade play tribute sets culled from the band 's deep catalog . Tickets are $ 15 and it 's all-ages.And since there 's nothing like Bad Brains , turn up your speakers and get positive .
Football Soccer - RB Leipzig v FC Ingolstadt 04 - Bundesliga - Red Bull Arena , Leipzig , Germany - 29/4/17 Ingolstadt 's Markus Suttner has their shot from a freekick blocked by RB Leipzig 's wall Reuters / Hannibal Hanschke Livepic
BERLIN Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich have the chance to seal their record fifth consecutive Bundesliga crown later on Saturday after RB Leipzig could only muster a goalless draw against struggling 10-man Ingolstadt .
Promoted Leipzig are on 63 points while Bayern are on 70 and will have an unassailable 10-point lead with three matches left if they beat VfL Wolfsburg in the later game .
Leipzig were in control for the entire game , missing a bagful of chances , but they could not score , even when the visitors lost Alfredo Morales in the 86th minute for a second booking .
Borussia Dortmund are a further six points behind in third place after they also drew 0-0 , against Cologne .
Hoffenheim , fourth on 55 , play Eintracht Frankfurt on Sunday .
( Reporting by Karolos Grohmann , ; Editing by Neville Dalton )
Britain Football Soccer - West Bromwich Albion v Arsenal - Premier League - The Hawthorns - 18/3/17 Arsenal 's Alex Iwobi applauds fans after the match Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Boyers Livepic
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been receiving unjust criticism and should extend their 20-year reign at the club , midfielder Alex Iwobi has said .
Wenger , whose contract expires at the end of the season , is under increasing pressure to step down due to the club 's poor form of six losses in their last nine games , and a 10-2 aggregate loss to Bayern Munich in the Champions League .
Iwobi , who has scored four goals in 35 appearances this season , defended Wenger , saying the manager 's achievements at the club should not be dwarfed by Arsenal 's current struggles .
`` He 's a great man in my opinion , I 'd like them to stay , '' Iwobi told BBC 's World Football Programme .
`` I do n't think it 's fair ... considering what he 's done . He 's always achieved fourth place , been in the Champions League and been up there with the title contenders . ''
Striker Alexis Sanchez and playmaker Mesut Ozil , whose contracts run out at the end of next season , are stalling on signing new deals , according to British media , and have been strongly linked with moves away from Arsenal .
Iwobi , however , remains optimistic the key duo will extend their contracts with the club .
`` As you can see from stats , goals and chances they create , they are key players in our team ... They are world-class players , '' Iwobi said .
`` For the club it would be great for them to stay , but at the end of the day , it 's their decision . ''
Arsenal , who are sixth in the table , host third-placed Manchester City on Sunday .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru ; Editing by Jon Boyle )
3:20 Coast Guard rescues five from sinking fishing vessel near Cape Alava Pause
0:48 Winter sun shines on Capitol sundial ceremony Tuesday
1:45 VFW Post 318 needs $ 250,000 to renovate building
1:45 VFW Post 318 plans a $ 250,000 fundraiser
4:20 State worker : ' I 've been threatened , propositioned … it 's really scary as a single parent '
4:34 The history of sexual harassment in America : 5 things to know
1:21 New mobile dental clinic goes miles for smiles
1:06 2018 March for Life draws over 5000 to the Capitol
1:18 ROOTS tourney makes young players the real winners
Phat Daddy 's invites the community to celebrate at family friendly festival in the park .
End
-- On Sunday , May 28 , 2017 , Phat Daddy 's celebrates their 3-year anniversary by hosting a family-friendly festival with live music , kid zones , and of course BBQ ! The event will take place at Parkhill Park located at 5101 S. Robinson Road , Grand Prairie , TX 75052 from 12p – 6p . Admission is Free ! Phat Daddy 's has been on a mission the last 3 years to serve their community by providing great food and service to their customers in the Grand Prairie area and beyond . They are very active in the community ; volunteering often at schools in Grand Prairie ISD via career days and providing meals for underprivileged children through the Phat Packs program . Phat Daddy 's also participated in Beyond the Bell with their Lil Chef 's Program , teaching kids how to cook healthy and promoting overall healthy living . Phat Daddy 's was nominated for Small Business of the Year 2016 and 2017 , received the 2016 Charley Taylor Award and an NAACP Award in 2016 as well.The BBQ Classic will have live music featuring several musical acts throughout the day and a DJ jamming the best in Soul , R & B , and family friendly dance music . Food and drinks will be available for purchase . Church groups , children activity groups , organizations and the community at large are all invited to celebrate this milestone with Phat Daddy 's . There are vendor and sponsor opportunities available.Phat Daddy 's is a Restaurant & Caterer featuring mouth-watering Barbecue , Homestyle Cooking , and Grilled Fare in a jazzy atmosphere.For more information , press inquiries , or to become an event sponsor or vendor contact admin @ phatdaddy365.com or call ( 972 ) 292-7328 .
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) — The right-wing radio host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones is a performance artist whose true personality is nothing like their on-air persona , according to a lawyer defending the “ Infowars ” broadcaster in a child custody battle .
Attorney Randall Wilhite said at a pretrial hearing in Austin last week that evaluating Jones based on their on-air comments is like judging Jack Nicholson based on their role as the Joker in “ Batman . ”
But Kelly Jones described their ex-husband as “ not a stable person , ” according to the Austin American-Statesman . They said they are threatening toward others , noting homophobic comments he 's made about Democratic U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff and a challenge to fight actor Alec Baldwin . They broadcast from home , they said , and that exposes their children to their incendiary behavior .
Jury selection in the case began Monday and Kelly Jones is seeking sole or joint custody of the children , ages 14 , 12 and 9 .
Alex Jones began on public access television in Austin and their “ Infowars ” programming on radio , YouTube and other platforms draws millions of listeners
Infowars.com , for instance , had 7.6 million global unique visitors from March 16 to April 14 , according to Quantcast , which measures web audiences . Quantcast ranked Infowars.com 387th among all U.S. websites , not far behind Texas.gov , MLB.com and PBS.org .
Infowars.com has alleged that the Newtown , Connecticut , school shooting was a hoax and that the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terror attacks involved the federal government .
The Alex Jones YouTube channel has more than 2 million subscribers and more than 1.2 billion video views .
They drew praise from Donald Trump when Trump was a candidate for the White House , telling Jones in December 2015 : “ Your reputation is amazing . I will not let you down . ”
But the judge overseeing the custody case , state District Judge Orlinda Naranjo , told lawyers last week that the focus of the trial must be on the Jones children .
“ This case is not about ‘ Infowars ' and I do n't want it to be about ‘ Infowars , ' ” they said .
Jones pays $ 43,000 a month to Kelly Jones , whom they divorced in 2015 , the newspaper reported .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
WASHINGTON The U.S. government 's public lands website has revealed a new face , a wall of coal , as the Trump administration underscores its promotion of an industry that has seen its hardest times since the Bee Gees topped music charts .
The Bureau of Land Management , charged with overseeing programs on vast swathes of public lands , including cattle grazing , coal leasing and recreation , changed the banner photo on its home page sometime Wednesday or on Thursday by mid-afternoon , web archives show .
The banner of the agency , an arm of the Interior Department , is now dominated by a photo of a man and their truck dwarfed by a coal vein in Wyoming , the country 's top coal-producing state . ( www.blm.gov )
Previously , the main photo featured two backpackers - a man and a boy - on a vast mountain range gazing into the sunset . ( bit.ly/2oO0H12 )
The image switch , first reported by Mashable.com , came after President Donald Trump signed an order last week to dismantle former President Barack Obama 's climate policies . The order included a reversal of a ban on coal leasing on public lands , where 40 percent of the country 's coal is produced .
On Friday , the banner will be switched to a photo of a recreation theme , BLM said , and it will be rotated with photos that reflect the uses public lands have to offer . The BLM said it changed the photo on March 31 , though web archives indicate it was switched either on Wednesday or Thursday .
The Interior Department , which oversees the U.S. National Park Service , applauded BLM 's `` creativity '' in getting its message of balancing resource development with conservation and public access , spokesperson Paul Ross said .
The coal image sparked push back on Twitter .
`` In most honest move yet by Trump admin , Interior Dept changes its website picture from 'family camping ' to '80-foot-high seam of coal , ' '' Bill McKibben , a co-founder of the environmental group 350.org , said in a tweet .
Trump has promised to end what they and many of their fellow Republicans call a `` war on coal . '' Even so , the bulk of U.S. power companies have no plans to slow a multi-billion-dollar switch to fuels including cleaner-burning natural gas .
U.S. coal production last year fell to the lowest level since 1978 as a glut of cheap natural gas batters the industry .
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke , an avid hunter and angler from coal-producing Montana , who rode to their first day of work on a horse named Tonto , approved a $ 22 million coal lease in central Utah last month .
( Reporting by Timothy Gardner ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
May 3 Onesavings Bank Plc
* OneSavings Bank plc , the specialist lending and retail savings group , today issues its trading update for the period from the 1 ( st ) January 2017 to date .
* Strong financial and operational performance has continued in Q1 .
* Loan book growth of 5 % in Q1 with net loans & advances growing by £283m to £6,222m
* Organic origination of £599m in the first three months of 2017 with margins remaining very strong
* Group has drawn a total of £451m under term funding scheme ( tfs ) and drawings under funding for lending scheme ( fls ) have been reduced to £525m
* Business growth continues to be supported by a strong capital position Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Pamela Barbaglia )
Any dancer could tell you that spending hours in front of a mirror being corrected every day will affect you psychologically . Sure , it can create incredible discipline and inner strength . But dancers are also known to be susceptible to issues like perfectionism and eating disorders .
Now , a new study out of Portugal shows that dance training—particularly in ballet—might be associated with additional mental health problems .
Based on questionnaires filled out by 113 self-selected participants , researchers found that ballet students had higher psychological inflexibility than non-dancers .
What does that mean ? Dance students can be excessively preoccupied with internal events like emotions , thoughts and memories . That can change the way you perceive experiences , increasing your fear of failure and making you want to avoid uncomfortable situations . Unfortunately , those traits are associated with anxiety and depression in adolescents .
The research , published in the journal Psychology of Music , compared the answers of 33 dance students with 39 music students and 41 who do n't study either . All were between the ages of 9 and 16 .
“ Similar to many sports , ballet involves discipline and physical demands , competitiveness , highly critical and perfectionist attitudes of trainers , and acceptance of emotional and physical suffering , ” the researchers write . They also point out ballet 's pressures to maintain a low body weight .
Put all those demands together , and it 's not hard to see why dancers may become obsessed with what 's going on inside their heads , and do whatever they can to avoid negative thoughts , or experiences that bring them up .
So what can dancers do to stay healthy ?
Teachers need to be aware of the problem so they can use healthier “ behavioral techniques ” ( although the researchers do n't exactly explain what those are ) . Parents can also play a role by helping students cope with negative emotions and by encouraging them to accept challenges .
For dancers , what it comes down to is this : Rather than cut yourself off from your feelings—both the good and the bad—work on learning to embrace and express them . And what 's a better way to do that than through dancing ?
Get more Dance Magazine .
Determining the Software development costs is often seen as a herculean task.It is difficult to determine the exact software development cost as there are many variables involved in the calculation of the cost estimate . Some of these variables involve design methodology , technological expertise , project duration , the complexity of the project , platform or technology used , risk assessments . In order to increase the accuracy of software development costs estimate , it is important to analyse the entire SDLC .
Here are some important Software development pricing models :
1 . Fixed price model : Fixed price model is suitable for projects with a limited or small scope . Here the software development costs and time frame are specified before the commencement of the project . It is difficult to make any alterations in the project plan afterwards . This type of pricing model is mainly adopted by companies that follow waterfall methodology .
2 . Time and Material model : Time and material software pricing model are more appropriate for long-term development projects . This model provides the flexibility to make any changes in scope , features and delivery plans as and when required at any stage of project implementation . Time and Material pricing model is usually used by companies that use Agile development methodology .
3 . Dedicated team model : In dedicated team model , an outsourced company provides skilled and dedicated experts depending upon the project requirements . Here the software development costs are decided on the basis of the level of expertise , domain knowledge , number of dedicated resources required for the project and their hourly or monthly rates .
Suma Soft is an ISO 9001:2015 certified custom software development company providing high-quality software to clients from different industries at affordable software development costs . Our dedicated team has expertise in various technologies such as Java , PHP , Python , Ruby on Rails , .NET and many others . Get a Free quote for our Offshore software development services today-https : //goo.gl/A1256u
Contact Us :
Call : +1 281 764 1825
Name : Rick Cooper
Email : info @ sumasoft.com
website : www.sumasoft.com
: It is Day 5 in the Bigg Boss 11 house . After winning the luxury budget task , ‘ padosis ' have now got a big power.After huge drama in the entire week , ardent fans of Bigg Boss 11 are now waiting for Salman Khan to come and have an interaction with the contestants.This week we saw Shilpa Shinde and Vikas Gupta 's endless fights but day before , Shilpa also locked horns with Hina Khan . Latter goes to Shilpa just to tell them that what they are doing is wrong . Shilpa irritates them and Hina walks out of the luggage room saying that Shipa is not going to understand.Well , now it is time for 3 contestants of the Bigg Boss house to enter the jail aka ‘ Kaal Kothari ' . This time jail will be underground with three beds in it.As per sources , Padosis have taken the decision . As per Mehjabi Siddiqui , Luv Tyagi , Sabyasachi Satpathy and Lucinda Nicholas , those three contestants who will go the jail are Shilpa Shinde , Zubair Khan and Akash Dadlani.They will remain in the jail till the next order of Bigg Boss or Salman Khan.This week one of the nominated contestants will also get evicted . This week 's nominated contestants are , Shilpa Shinde , Zubair Khan , Bandagi Kalra , Arshi Khan and Jyoti Kumari .
A Chapleau teen has become the first ever Aboriginal person to be named Miss Teenage Canada .
Sixteen-year-old Emma Morrison will be the toast of the town on Tuesday when citizens of Chapleau welcome them back with a special homecoming parade on Birch Street at 5 p.m .
Morrison was entered in the national event as the result of being named Miss Teen Northern Ontario back in May of this year in a pageant held in Sudbury .
The Miss Teenage Canada event was held in Toronto over the weekend and Morrison won out over 70 finalists from across the country . Close friends said they are the first Aboriginal person to hold the honour , as well as being the first from Northern Ontario to win the national event .
“ I am still in so much shock because last night was a night I will remember for the rest of my life , ” Morrison wrote on their Facebook page Monday morning .
“ Overall , I also wanted to thank everyone who believed in me . I was so proud and honoured to have walked in representing Northern Ontario because I knew how much support I was given ! I am proud to say that I walked away with the title of Miss Teenage Canada last night and I will make everyone proud ! ” they wrote .
New Delhi [ India ] , Dec 11 ( ANI ) : Automobile major Tata Motors on Monday announced the company 's decision to hike prices of its entire passenger vehicles range by up to Rs . 25,000 , starting January 2018 , attributed to rising input costs .
`` The changing market conditions , rising input costs and various external economic factors have compelled us to consider the price increase . We are optimistic on maintaining our growth trajectory in the coming year on the back of our robust product portfolio like TIAGO , HEXA , TIGOR and the recently launched NEXON , '' said Mayank Pareek , President , Passenger Vehicle Business , Tata Motors .
The introductory prices of the recently launched lifestyle compact SUV , NEXON , which comes with Level NEX Design , Performance and Technology features , will be ending by December 31 , and this entire range will also witness a price hike from January 2018 by up to Rs . 25,000 . ( ANI )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Bajaj Auto Ltd :
* SAYS JAN TOTAL SALES OF 353,147 VEHICLES VERSUS 241,917 VEHICLES LAST YEAR
* SAYS JAN SUB-TOTAL MOTORCYCLES SALES OF 288,936 VEHICLES VERSUS 211,824 VEHICLES LAST YEAR
* SAYS JAN SUB TOTAL COMMERCIAL VEHICLES SALES OF 64,211 VEHICLES VERSUS 30,093 VEHICLES LAST YEAR Source text - bit.ly/2E6RAmx Further company coverage :
ZURICH , March 28The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.4 percent higher at 8,627 points on Tuesday , according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer .
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks on Tuesday .
CREDIT SUISSE
The bank will make a decision on its capital raising plans `` as soon as possible , '' its chief executive said on Tuesday , without giving specific details on the timing or the type of fund-raising .
For more news , click on
SIKA
Southeastern Asset Management has sold all its shares in Sika , the investor , which has previously backed the Swiss company 's efforts to fend off a hostile takeover from Saint-Gobain , said on Monday .
For more news , click on
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* Roche Holding said it has launched cobas HPV on the cobas 6800/8800 systems for cervical cancer screening .
* Jungfraubahn said it was proposing Hanspeter Ruefenacht as a new member of its board of directors , with the current vice chairperson Juerg Rieben standing down .
* Implenia said the Swiss supreme court has set aside Zurich high court 's verdicts on payment claims for Letzigrund stadium for formal reasons , saying substance of Implenia 's appeal had not been examined .
* Chinese conglomerate HNA is seeking a stake in airport retailer Dufry - The Wall Street Journal reported .
* Syngenta is eying Bayer assets in raft of agrochem deals , Bloomberg reported .
* Vaudoise said it had signed the contracts for the acquisition of the entire share capital of the companies Dr. Meyer Asset Management AG and Berninvest AG .
* DKSH said it has signed a five-year agreement to provide distribution , logistics , warehousing and collection services in Cambodia to Bayer HealthCare .
* Kudelski said its Conax business had provided its UnyQTV cloud offering to Bulgaria 's Unicoms Services , a pay TV operator in the Balkans .
ECONOMY
( Reporting by Zurich newsroom )
Celtic 's chances of signing Patrick Roberts ahead of their final Champions League qualifier suffered a major blow when the winger was included in Manchester City 's travelling party for a training camp in Catalonia .
Celtic are hoping to re-sign the 20-year-old on loan following a successful 18-month spell in Glasgow and Roberts is believed to be keen on a return .
One of the player 's representatives , former St Johnstone and Hearts player Allan Preston , had admitted they expected their immediate future to be resolved last week but City listed Roberts in a 25-man party which landed in Girona on Monday . Nice and Southampton have also been linked with loan bids for the former Fulham player .
Celtic can add one new player to their Champions League squad for Wednesday 's play-off first leg against Astana if the signing is registered before 11pm on Tuesday .
Hoops manager Brendan Rodgers revealed on Friday they had also been working on signing a new striker amid fitness issues for Leigh Griffiths and Moussa Dembele .
The latter will miss Wednesday 's Parkhead clash with a hamstring injury while Griffiths was only handed a substitute 's role in Friday 's 1-0 victory over Partick Thistle amid an ongoing calf problem .
Celtic also have a shortage of central defenders . Erik Sviatchenko and Dedryck Boyata are missing with knee injuries and midfielder Nir Bitton was fortunate not to concede a late penalty at Firhill while playing at the back alongside Jozo Simunovic .
MEXICO CITY — The Nets would have preferred to head back to Brooklyn with a clean sweep . But other than losing to Miami on Saturday , they claim they accomplished everything they could have hoped , from team bonding to team branding , from being tourists to basketball ambassadors .
“ The experience has been extremely pleasant . The guys have enjoyed it , ” general manager Sean Marks told The Post . “ These are those type of experiences where I 'm not sure you can really put your hands on what it means until [ later ] . Maybe it 's two weeks from now , maybe it 's a month from now , maybe it 's six months from now that you look back and you say , ‘ Hey , remember when there was a turning point there ? ' Or relationships were formed there , team solidified or something there ?
“ We 're all cognizant of what a bonding trip these can be , especially when you 're down here . And there 's a great fan base down here , so let 's not forget that . It 's nice to come down here . We know the NBA is pushing it , but from our standpoint , it 's come down here and spread the Nets franchise . So it 's great for us , too . ”
It could have been greater if — after winning in Atlanta and then beating the Thunder on Thursday in Mexico City — they 'd found a way to beat the Heat .
“ Besides not being 3-0 , I think this trip went about as good as possible . Team bonding . … Obviously , we miss our guys that were traded . But we went 2-1 , which obviously is a winning record and we bonded . Overall a success , ” Spencer Dinwiddie said .
“ Overall , I thought this was a positive trip , beating Atlanta and then Oklahoma City . We would 've liked to get [ the ] third one , ” said coach Kenny Atkinson , who encouraged their players to be wide-eyed tourists for the week . ”
There was point guard D'Angelo Russell swapping jerseys with rising Mexican national team defender Edson Alvarez , who plays their club soccer at local Mexico City powerhouse Club America .
They skipped shoot-around Thursday to walk in Chapultepec Forest — twice the size of Central Park — and went to the renowned zoo in the same park . Several players and front-office members even toured the Pyramids of the Sun and Moon on Friday .
“ Yes , some of the players went and enjoyed it . I know for a fact that our players were out and about , in restaurants , ” Atkinson said . “ A bunch went to the zoo — also in the same park — which we encourage : Absorbing the culture , grabbing the culture and really enjoy it .
“ Normally I 'd say stay off your feet , stay in your room . But this is a unique opportunity , so I 'm happy they got out . The feedback from the pyramid was fantastic . The feedback from the zoo , that was great too . ”
There was even time for charity .
Players hosted basketball activities for students and working with locals at Maestro Miguel A. Quintana Elementary School to paint murals and beautify an area hammered by the recent earthquakes .
Dinwiddie teamed up with artist Louis Carreon on one-of-a-kind pieces to benefit both the guard 's foundation and the kids of Mexico City .
Dinwiddie created a show called PERCEPTION , and had Carreon paint and customize several pairs of sneakers , which will be auctioned by The Dinwiddie Family Foundation . The guard — who debuted the shoes in Thursday 's win over the Thunder — will match the bids , with the money going to help educational programs for the Boys & Girls Club Mexico .
“ Just another extension of philanthropy , honestly , ” Dinwiddie said . “ He 's done several art shows out here and it 's an area of passion for them and an area of passion for me , and so we 're trying to come together and do a little co-activation for a one-on-one shoe and helping my foundation , scholarship program and seeing where we can take it from there . ”
( Repeats story from April 7 for wider readership with no change to text . )
By James Regan
SYDNEY , April 7 Australia 's thermal coal producers will look to plug the supply gap in the coking coal market after Cyclone Debbie disrupted supplies from Queensland by modifying their thermal supplies to meet steelmakers needs .
Thermal , or steam , coal miners may try to take advantage of the large price gap between so-called semi-soft coking coal and steam coal , said industry sources on Friday . The semi-soft settlement price for first quarter term shipments stood at $ 130 a tonne versus a thermal price of just under $ 90 ..
Thermal coal can be sold as semi-soft coking coal , which can be used in steel making , after it is washed to reduce the ash content . The practice results in a lower yield and is typically only happens when the price spread is great enough to cover the loss of volume .
`` The price spread is definitely there , and do we expect to see switches to semi-soft ? Absolutely , '' said the chief executive of a large coal mining company . `` It 's inevitable that we 'll see more semi-soft coal hitting the market given where prices are headed . ''
Their company operates near Queensland 's Bowen Basin mines but was spared the impact of Cyclone Debbie , which flooded rail lines that disrupted hard coking coal exports from the state , which is Australia 's biggest producer of coking coal .
Most of semi-soft these sales will come from Hunter Valley collieries located some 1,600 kilometres ( 1,000 miles ) south of the cyclone 's impact zone in New South Wales , where lower-ash thermal coal is already mined in abundance , typically to supply Asian power generators , said the executive .
Other producers , such as South 32 and Peabody Energy are already mining coking coal and are also positioned outside the cyclone zone in New South Wales .
Those supplies could then be exported from the port of Newcastle , the world 's biggest export terminal for thermal coal , untouched by Debbie .
Most steelmakers would blend the semi-soft coking coal with prime hard coking coal to achieve the required amount of coke .
Coal is converted to coke in a furnace to remove the oxygen from iron ore to make steel .
In the meantime , negotiations for second-quarter supplies between the major Australian coking coal miners , including BHP Billiton , Mitsubishi Corp and Anglo American and Asian steel mills have been postponed until a clearer assessment emerges of the damage to rail lines in the Bowen Basin , said Marian Hookham , coal analyst at consultancy IHS .
Rail operator Aurizon Holdings Ltd on Friday said there was no change to the five-week repair schedule for the major Goonyella line that connects into the Dalrymple Bay and Hay Point Coal terminals .
`` It could be weeks before negotiations resume and until then anything goes as far as price until then . Just how much of a shift by those producers that can into the semi-soft market will depend on how quickly things return to normal , '' they said .
Premium hard coking coal was priced at $ 285 per tonne under the first quarter contract , while spot sales are fetching about $ 240 .
( Reporting by James Regan ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
B2B Rocks , the first and leading conference about B2B & SaaS startups around the world is coming back to Sydney for its second edition , to explore `` the Future of Work '' .
Contact
Anne Perego
* * * @ b2brocks.co Anne Perego
End
-- This year , the conference is supported by Lendlease , which will host the one-day event on Thursday 28 September 2017 in its new Barangaroo building , at the Tower 3 . Sponsored by Microsoft and its BizSpark program , the conference will be the perfect place for the different speakers and panelists to discuss about `` The Future of Work '' , the main topic for the morning . In the afternoon , the 250 attendees spanning from early stage to mature startup founders , investors and C-levels from medium to large international companies , will hear actionable insights from world-class experts from the B2B & SaaS space and select the most promising B2B startup entering the 1st B2B Rocks pitching competition.Attendees will have the chance to learn from shapers and doers from the B2B ecosystem and network from 8.30am to 6pm , with about 25 speakers including Natalie Slessor , the Head of Workplace at Lendlease , Dean McEvoy , CEO at TechSydney , Bridget Loudon , CEO at Expert360 , which just raised a $ 13 million series B , Marc Havercroft , Futurist and VP of Digital Transformation for Human Capital Management at SAP , Olga Oleinikova , CEO at Persollo , Jason Wyatt , CEO at Marketplacer , Fred Orrenius , Founding Partner at Digital4s Ventures , Constantine Georgiou , Co-founder of The Founder Lab , Lawrence Crumpton , HoloLens/MR Solution Specialist at Microsoft , Nicolas Chu , Founder of Sinorbis , Marc Cowper , CEO at Recomazing , Ezechiel Ritchie , Head of Media Sales at Taboola , Jessica Ellerm , CEO at Zuper , David Francis , Co-founder of Virtual Method , Chris Gilbert , CEO Equitise , Andrew Everingham , Managing Director at Capital-E , Georgia King-Siem , Director at KPMG , Melissa Widner , General Partner at NAB Ventures , Dave Gardiner , Co-founder of Carthona Capital , Lija Wilson , Co-founder of Puffling , Adam Cook , Associate at AirTree Ventures , Andy Farquharson , Sales Architect at Winning by Design , Alister Coleman , Managing Partner at Tempus Partners and others.Aside from the main event , B2B Rocks will host a B2B startup pitching competition sponsored by Microsoft BizSpark where 10 shortlisted startups from APAC region will be pitching in front of a judging panel to win an Azure Sponsorship worth a USD 120,000 ( BizSpark Plus Program ) , and several prizes awarded by TechSydney and other partners . If you 're a B2B startup , less than 5 years old and USD 1 million in annual revenue , click here to apply ( https : //b2brocks.awardsplatform.com ) ! The event is supported by Dragon Law , technology partners such as BlueJeans , Zeetings , Award Force and community partners such as TechSydney , Techboard , Recomazing , Fishburners , Tank Stream Labs and more . Tickets for the event are now available , secure your seat now ! ( http : //events.eventzilla.net/ e/b2b-rocks- 2138905613 More speakers will be announced shortly as well as the fully detailed program . Do n't miss our upcoming announcements about our Future of Work and B2B Startup experts by following the B2B Rocks LinkedIn page ( https : //www.linkedin.com/company-beta/10812751/ ) .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
There are a lot of films which scream out for a stage version and there are some that are not .
Spider-man and American Psycho were not ones that made you think : `` I could see someone singing this on stage '' . But Dirty Dancing was one . With a great soundtrack and dancing at it 's very core , a stage version was always inevitable after it 's release in 1987 .
Katie Eccles as Baby and Lewis Griffiths as Johnny . Picture by Alistair Muir
It first appeared on stage in 2004 before hitting the West End in 2006 . And now Baby and Johnny are hitting the Hawth stage as part of a National Tour .
Seen by millions across the globe this worldwide smash hit tells the classic story of the two main characters , played with great enthusiasm by Katie Eccles and Lewis Griffiths , two independent young spirits from different worlds , who come together in what will be the most challenging and triumphant summer of their lives .
Eccles displayed great comic timing when Baby starts out on their dancing journey while Griffiths struts around the stage with great confidence and although very serious , shows they have a cheeky side as well ( that one is for the ladies in the audience ) .
The support cast do a solid job and Lizzie Ottley has their moment to shine as Baby 's sister Lisa doing their solo hula song . Michael Kent also stands out when they have their big moment singing the ballad In the Still of the Night ( I 'll Remember ) . Carlie Milner ( Penny ) , Julian Harries ( Dr Jake Houseman ) and Simone Craddock ( Marjorie Houseman ) also put in good performances in some of the more dramatic scenes .
The company of Dirty Dancing . Picture by Alistair Muir
All the iconic scenes are all in there - the water melons , the lake scene ( which I ca n't decide is either the best scene or worst scene I have ever seen on stage ) , the lift , and THAT line - which drew huge cheers from the crowd .
But the show is about the dancing and the 35 hit songs - a mixture of soundtrack and live singing - including Hungry Eyes , Hey Baby , Do You Love Me ? and iconic ( I 've Had ) The Time Of My Life . The only let down was She 's Like the Wind was just an instrumental .
But any fan of the film will have a great night out and you will be singing along and dancing in the aisles long after the cast have left the stage .
Age suitability : 12yrs+
Tickets : Mon-Thu : £44 , Fri 5.30pm : £37.50 , Fri 8.30pm & Sat : £46.50 .
Discounts : £5 off . Groups 10 or more : £7.50 off .
Premium seats ( Fri 8.30pm & Sat 7.30pm ) : £51.50 includes best seats , free programme and cloakroom now available !
Click here for ticket information
Contact
Markus Spielmann
* * * @ markusspielmann.com Markus Spielmann
End
-- Markus Spielmann Inc. analyst Ralph Morrison offers a bullish take on Netflix , Inc. after adding the online streaming giant 's addition to the 246Current Better Values List . For context , the Current Better Values List consists of 10 stocks with a superior investment performance for the 24 month horizon and has been published twice per month for over 35 years.In reaction , Markus Spielmann Inc. reiterates an Outperform rating on shares of NFLX with a valuation base case suggestion for the mid- $ 140s to a bull case of $ 185 , which represents an approximately 8 % to 42 % increase from where the stock is currently trading.The analyst sees clear skies ahead for Netflix , elaborating , `` Through our research , we believe that Netflix has a meaningful leg up on original programming within the over-the-top ( OTT ) streaming environment and suggest that these advantages might be underappreciated by investors . Moreover , contrary to some , we believe OTT streaming still has plenty of room to grow both domestically and internationally , and Netflix is well positioned to benefit from this secular growth . `` Optimistic on the giant 's future , the analyst sees a long-term penetration opportunity circling 90 % in the U.S. and confidently adds the giant to the list with a forecast for Netflix to outclass the market throughout the next two years.Morrison breaks down their rationale for NFLX 's selection to the Current Better Values list into three key reasons : First , the analyst expects future milestones are within NFLX 's scope this year , particularly highlighting , `` In 2017 , we project Netflix to top 100 million global streaming subscriptions . Moreover , we estimate international to account for more than half the total number of streaming subscriptions for the first time in the company 's history . We believe this could be a key signal that Netflix 's content and market strategy is working . `` Second , Morrison predicts an increase in `` material global profits '' for 2017 , affirming , `` We project the international streaming segment to flip contribution margin positive for the first time since the company began reporting the number . `` Third , the analyst concludes that NFLX is `` cycling a favorable comp year , '' considering 2016 was wrought with tension from price hikes to competition from events like the Olympics and the U.S. Presidential election . Upside potential could be very well within Netflix 's reach , from Morrison 's standpoint.For further information visit https : //www.markusspielmann.com
President Rodrigo Duterte has clipped the powers of Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana in approving government contracts .
The President signed Executive Order ( EO ) 18 which repeals EO 235 signed by former President Gloria Arroyo .
The repealed EO No . 235 provides that : “ except for contracts required by law to be acted upon and/or approved by the President , the Secretary of National Defense will have the authority to sign and/or approve government contracts of the Department of National Defense and any of its bureaus , offices or agencies , before the government contract shall be considered approved in accordance with law and binding on the government , provided that the Secretary of National Defense may delegate in writing to appropriate officials , subject to appropriate ceilings , this authority to sign and/or approve a Government contract below P50 million as they see fit under the circumstances . ”
Duterte said that since the issuance of EO 235 , the Defense department and the Armed Forces of the Philippines have identified other reform measures to promote transparency , impartiality and accountability in procurement
transactions .
“ It has been observed that the implementation of EO 235 resulted in bureaucratic impediments and unnecessary delays in the procurement of important defense projects , ” EO No . 18 read .
EO No . 18 mandates the Defense chief to identify and institutionalize measures that will effectively monitor the operations of the separate Bids and Awards Committees , which may be created pursuant to the Government Procurement law to ensure and promote transparency , impartiality , and accountability in government transactions .
PARIS ( AP ) — President Emmanuel Macron is launching a national lottery to help restore France 's magnificent chateaux and other historic monuments .
Macron is kicking off the project Thursday with a visit to the chateau of French philosopher Voltaire , near the Swiss border , to showcase an example of successful restoration .
A total of 250 sites will benefit from the financing . The list includes an 18th century fortress on a tiny Brittany island , the home of writer Aime Cesaire in the Caribbean , a 12th century Burgundy castle and a Roman aqueduct in eastern France .
Macron , a culture and history lover , hopes the operation will yield millions of euros for the French state , in addition to cash winnings for lucky players .
Advertisement
It is the first such project in France , though Britain has a similar initiative .
April 20 Danone CFO Cecile Cabanis tells analysts :
* Expects dairy division sales to be low-single negative in q2 , eyes flattish performance for the year- cfo
* Danone expects early life nutrition sales to grow low to mid-single digit in q2 , eyes 2017 performance slightly below that of 2016 - cfo
* Danone cfo says group agenda for 2020 has not changed but group will discuss it more in detail at investor seminar in evian next month Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Dominique Vidalon )
March 30 Mint Corp
* Mint Corp - will not have sufficient funds to pay installment of interest for its series a debentures , series c debentures due on March 31 , 2017
* Mint Corp - company has initiated discussions with holders of debentures to discuss a compromise Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The Canadian Press
VICTORIA - British Columbia 's attorney general is recommending that voters be asked two questions in a referendum this fall to determine whether they want to switch to proportional representation to elect members of the legislature .
David Eby is suggesting to cabinet that voters should first be asked if they would want to switch from the current first-past-the-post system .
They would then be given three options for proportional representation and be asked to rank them based on which they preferred .
If a majority supported making the switch , the option with the highest number of votes would be implemented .
The campaign period starts July 1 , with voting by mail-in ballot running from Oct. 22 to Nov. 30 .
The questions were released today by Eby after a period of public consultation that included more than 180,000 visits to a government website .
The province 's minority NDP government and the Greens have supported proportional representation that determines the number of seats each party gets in the legislature based on its percentage of the popular vote .
Two previous referendums on proportional representation have failed in B.C .
Last year , Premier John Horgan said the province 's current system is unfair because in the last five B.C . elections , only one political party formed a government after receiving more than 50 per cent of the votes . In the other elections , parties with less than 50 per cent of the popular vote were able to form a government .
Last year 's election saw the Liberals and NDP each receive slightly more than 40 per cent of the vote . But the New Democrats eventually formed a minority government with the support of the Greens , who won three seats and took almost 17 per cent of the popular vote .
The government has said that if a new way to elect members is approved , it will introduce legislation to implement it in time for the next fixed-date election in 2021 .
April 5 Patterson-UTI Energy Inc
* Patterson-UTI reports drilling activity for March 2017
* Patterson-UTI Energy - for month of March 2017 , company had an average of 88 drilling rigs operating in the United States and two rigs in Canada
* Patterson-UTI Energy - for 3 months ended March 31 , 2017 , company had an average of 81 drilling rigs operating in the United States and two rigs in Canada Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
One of the most important lessons a teacher can offer is that difference is OK. gpointstudio/Thinkstock
This post is part of Outward , Slate 's home for coverage of LGBTQ life , thought , and culture . Read more here .
Last September , Mansfield Independent School District in North Texas put art teacher Stacy Bailey on administrative leave . The reason : Bailey showed their fourth-grade class a photograph of themselves and their fiancée dressed up as characters from Finding Nemo . In introducing themselves to students with a slide-show presentation about their life and family , Bailey was doing the same thing many other teachers at Charlotte Anderson Elementary School do at the start of school year . They alone are suspended for doing so .
The administrative reaction to Bailey 's slide show was swift . Mansfield ISD 's Associate Superintendent , Kimberly Cantu , told Bailey that a parent complained they had shown “ sexually inappropriate ” images in class . This parent accused Bailey of promoting a “ homosexual agenda. ” Formally , the school district alleged that Bailey had violated guidelines requiring “ controversial subjects be taught in an ‘ impartial and objective manner . ' ” In October , school officials asked Bailey to resign . When they refused , they reassigned them to teach at a local high school .
Bailey has worked at Charlotte Anderson Elementary since 2008 . Since then , students voted their Teacher of the Year twice . Local parents and students have spoken out on Bailey 's behalf and requested that the school district return them to the classroom , to no avail .
Despite recent gains in LGBTQ rights , most notably the 2015 U.S. Supreme Court ruling that legalized gay marriage nationwide , Bailey 's case reveals how desperately all LGBTQ workers and LGBTQ teachers , in particular , need employment discrimination protection . On May 8 , Bailey and their lawyer filed a lawsuit against Mansfield ISD in federal court in Dallas , accusing the school district of discrimination and demanding Bailey 's reinstatement at the school . But Texas lacks statewide employment nondiscrimination policy for LGBTQ workers . As a result , Bailey 's chances of winning their case and making it back to Charlotte Anderson Elementary are slim .
Bailey 's story is part of a longer history of discrimination against gay and lesbian teachers in the United States . Over the past 60 years , anti-gay activists have argued that having a closeted or overtly homosexual teacher increases the likelihood that that a child will become gay . They have repeatedly used this argument to contest gays and lesbians ' demands for full civil rights and social equality .
This history of discrimination stretches back to at least the 1950s , when an investigative committee of the Florida Legislature waged a campaign to purge its schools and universities of gay and lesbian teachers . In a widely read and controversial report , Florida 's legislature claimed that homosexuals endangered students because of their “ desire to recruit ” and seduce young people . An untold number of teachers lost their positions and their state teaching credentials as a result of this attack .
In the late 1970s , a panic around gay and lesbian teachers re-emerged in former beauty queen Anita Bryant 's Save Our Children campaign . Bryant 's campaign began in 1977 as a local effort to repeal a nondiscrimination ordinance in Dade County , Florida , that protected people from discrimination in housing , public accommodations , and employment based on their “ affectional or sexual ” preference . Key to Bryant 's campaign against this ordinance was the fact that it protected gay and lesbian school teachers , whom they alleged would seek to convert their students to homosexuality . According to Bryant , “ homosexuals can not reproduce—so they must recruit . And to freshen their ranks they must recruit the youth of America . ”
Save Our Children spurred attacks on gay rights in a number of cities across the country . In 1978 , state legislator John Briggs succeeded in placing an initiative on California 's ballot that , had it passed , would have prevented gay and lesbian teachers from teaching in the state schools .
Much has changed since the 1970s . The discrimination that Bailey confronts today differs from the discrimination that gay and lesbian teachers faced in the past . Mansfield ISD has not alleged that Bailey 's lesbianism in and of itself disqualifies them from serving as a grade school teacher , as it would have in the 1950s . In fact , Mansfield ISD claims it has been an “ inclusive , supportive environment for LGBTQ staff for decades , ” and that there has never been a problem before with Bailey 's “ open sexual orientation. ” Furthermore , no one has alleged that Bailey is out to “ recruit ” children to homosexuality .
The school district 's concern in Bailey 's case is that they talked with students about “ her own sexual orientation , the sexual orientation of artists , and their relationships with other gay artists. ” In other words , Mansfield ISD is concerned that Bailey has discussed homosexuality as a normal facet of human sexuality and culture .
Despite this shift in the imagined threat LGBTQ teachers ' pose—from teachers ' status as LGBTQ to their speech—the underlying concerns that motivate this discrimination have remained largely the same . That is , many parents continue to fear that exposure to LGBTQ teachers will put their children at greater “ risk ” of becoming LGBTQ themselves . Today this fear is less explicit than it once was . None of the parents of Bailey 's former students have come forward to declare , as Anita Bryant once did , “ I 'd rather my child be dead than be a homosexual. ” But the anxiety that sparked parental complaints against Bailey is the same .
LGBTQ teachers have tended to respond to these fears by denying that we are any different than straight teachers . But the truth is , we are different , and we should positively affirm this . LGBTQ teachers belong in the classroom , not simply because we are “ just as good ” as straight teachers , but also because of the particular perspectives that we can bring , and the particular meanings that our presence can have . Openly LGBTQ teachers can show children and young adults that it is OK to be different , and that there is more than one way to live , to love , and to build a family—which , of course , is a realization that could be helpful , even life-saving , for those students in the room who are already queer . This embodiment of difference is what frightens those in favor of maintaining the status quo . It is also what makes us such potentially powerful forces of social change .
It is no accident that parents and administrators have targeted Bailey for attack when they are so beloved among their students . Mansfield ISD and the homophobic parent who complained about them find Bailey threatening precisely because they have proven themselves to be an effective teacher and community advocate .
A month before their suspension , Bailey contacted the school district about adding protections for LGBTQ students and staff to existing anti-discrimination policies . Since then , others have continued their effort . In March they presented the local school board with a petition in favor of such a change . Today , that petition has nearly 5,000 signatures .
Bailey has already made a difference in their students ' lives , and they have inspired change in their community . Whether or not they are reinstated at Charlotte Anderson Elementary , Bailey has already won .
“ Good gawd , England wins on pens . . . we 're not chuckling any more '
All of us who 've spent the last week or so chuckling at our neighbour 's unwavering belief that 52 years of hurt will soon end ? We 're not chuckling any more . This is getting profoundly serious .
As Eamon Dunphy pointed out before the game , there was a “ massive prize ” on offer to the victors in Moscow : “ Sweden in the quarter-finals ? ! ? And then Croatia or Russia ? ! ? And then you 're in the final ! Football 's coming home , baby ! ”
It might be too .
We simply can not rule out this possibility any more , there 's something about this England team . For heaven 's sake , they even won on penalties . Methuselah was wearing short pants when that last happened .
You know that oft cited theory about women being biologically programmed to forget the pain of childbirth to ensure that they keep on having babies ? There is , apparently , no science to back it up , but there must be heaps of it to prove that England football supporters are biologically programmed to forget the pain of persistently crushed World Cup hopes , otherwise they 'd hardly keep coming back for more like they do .
Ringer
Inevitably , Clive Tyldesley will be blamed for putting them through the ringer all over again ahead of that 93rd minute equaliser .
“ This is some result away from home for England , ” they chuckled as the camera picked out the sadness on the faces of the masses of Colombian fans in the Otkritie Arena . A nano second or two later , Clive was picking the pieces of their heart off the commentary box floor .
“ Just when you think you 've seen it all with England . . . , ” they yelped as the sad Colombians transformed in to a heaving mass of ecstasy .
Truly , this World Cup is the gift that just does n't know when to desist from giving . It 's been ruddy marvellous .
Pre-match , the big team news was that Martin O'Neill and Slaven Bilic had been benched by ITV who opted instead for three bulldogs , Gary Neville , Wrightie Wright and Lee Dixon , lest their panel be impartial .
It was probably just as well for Wrightie 's nerves that Mart and Slav were absent , they were in a complete doodah as kick-off approached . “ I 'm feeling something , ” they said , “ but I do n't know what it is. ” It could have been a stomach ulcer brought on by over-excited butterflies , possibly after having watched ITV 's opening montage of inspiring messages from former England internationals including himself .
It was “ BELIEVE ! ” , “ DO IT ” , “ GO ON THE LADS ! ” , that kind of thing , but Geoff Hurst opted for “ what we need to remember is that we 've done it before ” . This is true , but the oldest member of the England squad , Ashley Young , was born almost 20 years after 1966 , so it 's hard to see how that might have been a factor going in to the Colombia game .
But confidence in the studio was ceiling high . Over on RTÉ – and this will surprise you – the mood was somewhat different . “ Colombia are not Tunisia , ” noted Liam Brady , “ and they 're not Panama . ”
“ Are England any good , ” asked Darragh Maloney .
“ We do n't know , ” said Liam , who was in a mood any way having noted that the only left-footed player in the England team was the goalkeeper , and as the owner of one of football 's finest ever left pegs , this bordered on the unpardonable .
Eamon , though , envisaged the day when it 'll be “ arise Sir Gareth – and Sir Harry ” . And then they tipped Colombia to win on penalties , so it 'd be the Tower for Gareth and Harry .
Teams out . “ The Open golf championship is to still to come in this summer of sport , ” said Clive , “ but first we have the most open championship of football. ” Even Glenn sounded like a man who felt Clive needed to work on their sporting analogies .
First half .
Sililoguy
Clive , in the course of a soliloquy that was largely a paean to Gareth Southgate 's waistcoat , put England 's confidence down to the gaffer 's demeanour . “ Football 's always been about getting carried away , ” they said , “ and it 's easier to get carried away when you know the man in charge wo n't get carried away . ”
Glenn did n't know how to respond to that , so they did n't , but some time later they doffed their cap to Raheem Sterling for turning a “ half foul into a full foul ” , which is the politest code you 'd ever hear for cheating . But then there was apoplexy over Wílmar Barrios not being sent off for nutting Jordan Henderson . By then Colombia had opted to start acting the maggot , when they 'd be doing perfectly fine by playing football up until that point .
The ITV panel was aghast , Lee accusing Colombia of “ nasty dark arts ” , but they remained confident-ish that England would prevail . And then Harry Kane does what Harry Kane tends to do , they nigh on broke the back of the net with a penalty .
“ The leading goal-scorer in the World Cup finals – AND HE 'S ONE OF OUR OWN , ” said Clive , calmly . “ No one , ” they added , “ has scored in six games in a row since the war , ” they said , so that was every ‘ Clive will mention the war ' bingo card on earth ticked off .
Then the equaliser .
And then , gulp , penalties .
“ We feel sick , ” said Mark Pougatch , and they actually looked like they were about to hurl all over Nev , Wrightie and Dix .
But good gawd almighty , England prevailed in a penalty shoot-out , so you just know something 's stirring . They 're going to set-piece their way to glory , you can feel it in your bones .
Nope , we 're not chuckling any more .
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai , China - 6/4/17 - Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany attends a press conference at the Shanghai International Circuit ahead of the Chinese F1 Grand Prix . REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel has tipped Mercedes as favourites to win the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday even after their victory in Formula One 's season-opening round in Australia .
`` I think Mercedes still has to be the favourite , obviously , '' Vettel told reporters on a damp afternoon in Shanghai on Thursday .
`` We know that we have a good package which puts us in a strong place but ... we know there are a lot of things that we need to do to keep up with them and keep the position that we are in now , to fight for good races . ''
Vettel beat Mercedes pair Lewis Hamilton and Valtteri Bottas by a comfortable margin in Melbourne two weeks ago .
Hamilton , who started from the pole position , appeared to have the edge over the German in qualifying but the Ferrari appeared genuinely faster in race trim .
Vettel 's win in Australia was Ferrari 's first since September 2015 and first in a season-opening race since Bahrain in 2010 .
It raised hopes that the Italian squad could challenge Mercedes for the title this season and end the Brackley-based outfit 's run of dominance , one that has seen them sweep to a hat-trick of drivers and constructor ' titles and 51 wins from 59 races over the last three years .
`` It 's the first race , so it does n't mean much , '' Vettel said . `` But for sure , as I said , it 's the best way to start off . ''
Mercedes has a strong record around the 5.4-km ( 3.3-mile ) long Shanghai track , winning four of the last five races at the circuit and starting each one on pole position . Hamilton , too , has won in China four times , more than any other driver by far .
They are also the only man to have enjoyed back-to-back success at the track , and Vettel could be right to be wary .
But they have n't ruled out the race throwing up some surprises , especially if the rain forecast for Sunday arrives .
`` It 's always a Grand Prix full of surprises , '' said the 29-year-old , who handed Red Bull their maiden Formula One triumph in a wet race in Shanghai in 2009 .
`` You never know what happens around here . ''
( Editing by Mark Heinrich )
Police in Coleraine are appealing for witnesses following the assault of a 50 year old man in a bar in the North Street area of Ballycastle in the early hours of this morning , Tuesday 18 April .
Sergeant Phil Graham said : “ The man was attacked with a glass which cut an artery on their head . As a result , they lost a considerable amount of blood . They were taken to hospital where they were treated for injuries which are not thought to be life-threatening at this time .
“ We would appeal to anyone who saw anything that could help us with our investigation to contact police on the non-emergency number 101 , quoting reference 223 of 18/4/17 .
“ Alternatively , if you would prefer to provide information without giving your details , you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111 . ”
Bob Fisher
IOWA CITY , Iowa ( AP ) – A judge says the state does n't have to honor a contract negotiated with a union representing University of Iowa nurses before the new anti-collective bargaining law was signed .
District Judge Jeffrey Farrell ruled Thursday that the contract with Service Employees International Union is n't binding because the Board of Regents never voted to ratify it .
The union represents 3,500 nurses and other workers at UI Hospitals and Clinics . The union voted to accept the regents ' last offer in February , days before Gov . Terry Branstad signed the law cutting the ability of most public-sector unions to negotiate benefits and workplace conditions . But the regents then refused to formally approve the contract , which guaranteed two-percent raises in each of the next two years and flexible schedules .
On Nov. 28 , Judge Michael Huppert ruled the state must honor a similar last-minute contract with the Iowa United Professionals union .
New Delhi [ India ] , Dec 11 ( ANI ) : Cash Suvidha , a startup fintech company has joined hands with HomeCapital to provide unsecured credit at zero percent interest to first-time homebuyers in Pune , Bangalore and Mumbai region .
First-time homebuyers have always been a driving force in real estate because they enable existing homeowners to trade up to bigger homes and create demand for new construction .
Through the tie up , Cash Suvidha and Home Capital aim at changing the way loans are procured , assessed and disbursed and through the Down payment Assistance Program it is targeting the salaried people in the age group 20 to 45 years .
`` We extend credit to applicants who do n't have access to traditional lending practices . We have developed our own 'Suvidha Social Score ' for assessing creditworthiness using social media portals to check educational and professional backgrounds , track lifestyle spending , payments behavior , and spending patterns , '' said founder Cash Suvidha , Rajesh Gupta .
Digital lending platforms are proving how technology can strengthen lenders ' position by providing the benefits of basic efficiency improvements and cost avoidance . Applicants without credit scores are taking the digital journey to procure loans via these alternative digital lenders .
Access to funding can change with the way lenders determine an applicant 's creditworthiness . With the new and innovative financial technologies and systems we work on a person 's social credit rather than traditional creditworthiness , Gupta added . ( ANI )
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) – Hard to believe this is my third year doing a 4th of July-related “ Lauren 's List ” !
In the past , I 've told you random 4th facts and even the most popular myths about Independence Day .
Today , I 'm changing it up with a “ Lauren 's List ” all about 4th of July deals- the ones you should snag and the ones you should skip !
Summer Clothes – Snag !
DealNews.com says we typically start seeing summer clothing on clearance during 4th of July sales . If you 're planning a tropical vacation and want some new outfits , or maybe you want to stock up for next year , now is a good time to buy . Although , let 's be real . You can wear your summer clothes almost year-round in South Florida
Laptops – Skip !
If you 're in the market for a new laptop or computer , you 're better off waiting another month or two . Back-to-School sales on these types of electronics tend to be better than the deals you 'll find in the middle of the summer .
Outdoor gear – Snag !
Deal News also says , if you love camping , hiking , and all things outdoors , Independence Day sales are a good time to grab gear for your favorite hobbies .
Grills – Skip !
Planning a Barbeque for later today , but missing the key ingredient like the grill ? Well you can run out and buy one today but you 'll likely find a better price if you wait until the start of Fall .
Of course , these are just suggestions based on past trends . If you find a bargain basement price on something you actually want and need , you probably should n't wait !
Will you be doing some shopping today or through the weekend ?
Tell me on Facebook or Twitter .
If you have an idea for a future “ Lauren 's List ” , send it to lpastrana @ cbs.com .
Cleaning , janitorial and maid services are terms that describe a devoted external service that delivers precise cleaning procedures to individuals , schools , enterprises and just about anyone who desires a cleanup completed right . These services might be diverse and what was historically deemed to become services performed by a female maid , is now an business that covers each male and female workers . Get extra information about Maids
Traditionally a maid was a single who was employed in household services . Formerly , a component from the hierarchy in homes and business , currently a maid is a single who performs specialized and periodic cleaning services , and frequently is not a “ live-in ” member of a household .
Traits of Maids
Cleaning services employ maids , janitors , carpet cleaners , window washers , and painters who all operate collectively to bring the perfect resolution for your cleaning requires . You are able to setup a plan for washing floors and widows , vacuuming , dusting , scrubbing floors and cleaning bathrooms . This plan is generally put into action weekly , biweekly or monthly .
Using a maid service might be thought because of geological web page , be quick of individual moment , social standing as well as a not have expertise in proficiently cleaning your home . Working with a maid service in years previous was economical only for the affluent , now these services are widespread and there may be payments tailored to fit budgets and cleaning schedules .
Employing a maid service may be a little extra pricier than just hiring a part-time maid or cleaners , but employing a service delivers several advantages . You 'll have a person do your cleaning that is certainly bonded and insured . You may have you maid service bring all of the needed cleaning supplies . The cleaning service withholds social security and revenue taxes . Rest assured you 're working with a legitimate business .
Included in most qualified cleaning firms can be a janitorial service . This may imply a cleaning service for any business in lieu of a residence . Employing a janitorial service will provide you with the freedom and expertise in realizing that your workplace and workplace constructing are cleaned to perfection .
There are lots of residential cleaning services all through the United State , Canada and the UK . Search through your local listing to seek out the service that may ideal fit your desires . Most cleaning services interview and train their employees , conduct background checks and insure their maids against accidents to them , your home as well as your belongings . Maids , janitors , carpet cleaners , and all those who operate inside your property are also bonded . This can be to ensure coverage to you inside the case of theft .
As an increasing number of females enter the workforce and most household are two incomes , it becomes just about a necessity to possess a cleaning service . It is possible to schedule your cleaning times any time of the day and on Saturdays . Do make sure that you really feel comfortable with your selected cleaning services firm and request that precisely the same maid , janitor , or cleaner comes for your house at every single appointment . This can give you added protection an assurance . It is possible to trust qualified cleaning service , like your qualified maid service to get your cleaning correct and leave you pleased .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — To the Trump administration , the recovered missile fragments were incontrovertible proof that Iran was illicitly arming Yemen 's Houthi rebels . Yet Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif brushed it off Tuesday as little more than cheese puffs .
During a visit to New York , the Iranian diplomat accused U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley of displaying fabricated evidence that missiles lobbed by the Houthis at civilian areas in Saudi Arabia originated in Iran . Though Tehran supports the Shiite rebel group , it firmly denies giving them missiles . But Haley has invited journalists and U.N. Security Council diplomats to inspect missile parts recovered after strikes on Saudi Arabia , bearing what U.S. military officials said were Iranian markings and characteristics .
Zarif , in an Associated Press interview , said that one such logo was from the Standard Institute of Iran , which they said regulates consumer goods — not weapons .
`` It 's a sign of quality , '' Zarif said . `` When people want to buy it , they look at whether it 's been tested by the Standard Institute of Iran that your cheese puffs are good , your cheese puffs will not give you a stomach ache . ''
Advertisement
They laughed and added , `` I mean , nobody will put the logo of the Standard Institute of Iran on a piece of missile . ''
Zarif also pointed to a truck-size section of a missile that the U.S. said was recovered in Saudi Arabia and was transferred to a military base near Washington , where it was on display behind Haley for a photo-op . Zarif noted that the missile had been supposedly shot down in mid-air .
`` I 'm not saying Ambassador Haley is fabricating , but somebody is fabricating the evidence they are showing , '' Zarif said .
Some of the fragments Haley presented , if authentic , would seem to implicate Iran 's military industry more directly , including some with the logo of Shahid Bakeri Industrial Group , an Iranian defense entity under U.S. sanctions . Haley said others had clear `` Iranian missile fingerprints , '' such as short-range ballistic missiles that lacked large stabilizers — a feature they said only Iran 's Qiam missiles have .
`` Just imagine if this missile had been launched at Dulles Airport or JFK , or the airports in Paris , London or Berlin , '' Haley told reporters late last year . `` That 's what we 're talking about here . ''
Tehran 's denials aside , there 's broad agreement among the United Nations , Western countries and the Persian Gulf 's Arab leaders that Iran has armed the Houthis with ballistic missiles , even though U.N. Security Council resolutions prohibit it . With U.S. support , a Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen 's civil war has been bombing the Houthis , who control the capital Sanaa and much of northern Yemen .
Yet Iran 's opponents have struggled to provide foolproof evidence to back up their claims , creating an opening for Iran to deny . After Haley 's presentations at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling , some national security experts raised questions , even drawing parallels to Secretary of State Colin Powell 's 2003 speech to the U.N. making the case for the Iraq War .
The fragments Haley presented were turned over to the U.S. by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates — two of Iran 's fiercest critics — and U.S. military officials had trouble tracing the fragments ' chain of custody . Nor could they say when the weapons were transferred to the Houthis or in some cases precisely when they were launched .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Zhejiang Cheng Yi Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS HEALTH INDUSTRY PARK CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT WORTH 120 MILLION YUAN ( $ 19.13 million ) Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2nCuHgr Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.2740 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz , please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows . The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017 . Winner and runners-up will be displa ...
( Adds details )
TOKYO , March 28 Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings ( Tepco ) and Chubu Electric Power Co said on Tuesday they had signed an agreement to integrate their fossil fuel power plants under their JERA Co joint venture .
The biggest and third-biggest of Japan 's regional power utilities aim to combine the businesses in April-September 2019 to form a company that will oversee 68 gigawatts of capacity and account for nearly half the country 's domestic power generation .
The agreement is the last of a three-step plan for JERA , which will oversee a global resource chain from upstream investment , procurement and trading to power generation .
The two firms in 2015 created JERA , which now handles all of Tepco 's and Chubu 's upstream energy and fuel procurement business and is the world 's biggest liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) buyer with annual purchase of around 40 million tonnes .
Tepco and Chubu Electric were to decide by around now , according to a timetable set up in 2015 , on whether to integrate all their fossil fuel power plants .
One of the sticking points for the integration of JERA was that Tepco was essentially nationalised after the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011 .
Tepco is to pay the majority of a 21.5 trillion yen ( $ 194 billion ) cost for compensation , decontamination and decommissioning , which raised worries that it may not be able to allocate necessary funds for JERA 's growth plans .
Chubu Electric President Satoru Katsuno told a news conference that Tepco 's new business plan released on March 22 assured Tepco 's autonomy in its fossil fuels businesses , which they think shuts out the risks related to Tepco 's nuclear disaster .
( $ 1 = 110.6700 yen ) ( Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori ; Editing by Tom Hogue )
LOS ANGELES , Dec 10 ( Variety.com ) - With anticipation building for “ Star Wars : The Last Jedi , ” Disney-Pixar 's animated comedy “ Coco ” handily won its third straight crown at a moderate North American box office with $ 18.3 million at 3,748 sites .
“ Coco ” joined “ The Hitman 's Bodyguard , ” “ Fate of the Furious ” and “ Split ” as 2017 titles to top the domestic box office for three weekends in a row . The major studios have held off on any new openings since the Thanksgiving holiday but that changes on the evening of Dec. 14 when previews start for Disney-Lucasfilm 's “ The Last Jedi ” amid expectations of an opening weekend in the $ 200 million range .
“ Coco , ” a colorful celebration of Mexico 's Day of the Dead , showed impressive holding power with a 33 % decline from its second weekend to lift its 19-day total to $ 135.5 million . It 's performed similarly to Disney 's animated “ Moana , ” which opened at the same time last year and had totaled $ 144.7 million after three weekends .
There was a single wide opening this weekend with Broad Green Pictures ' final movie , “ Just Getting Started , ” showing little traction with moviegoers with $ 3.2 million at 2,146 locations . “ Just Getting Started , ” an action comedy starring Morgan Freeman and Tommy Lee Jones , wound up in 10th place behind A24 's sixth weekend of awards contender “ Lady Bird ” with $ 3.5 million at 1,557 venues .
The fourth weekend of Warner Bros.-DC Entertainment 's superhero team-up “ Justice League ” finished with about half of “ Coco ” with $ 9.6 million at 3,508 locations . “ Justice League ” has taken in $ 212.1 million in 24 days and is the 10th biggest movie of 2017 -- but it 's also the lowest performer among the five DC Extended Universe movies . “ Wonder Woman ” had hit $ 318 million domestically at the 24-day point in June .
“ Justice League ” has gone past $ 600 million worldwide with an international total of $ 401 million . Its performance pushed Warner Bros. past the $ 5 billion mark worldwide for 2017 . The studio announced Sunday that it 's become the first studio to cross the $ 2 billion mark for the year , led by “ Wonder Woman ” with $ 412 million and “ It ” with $ 327 million .
Lionsgate 's third weekend of inspirational drama “ Wonder ” finished in third place with $ 8.5 million at 3,519 North American sites with a 35 % decline . “ Wonder ” became the 27th movie of the year to cross the $ 100 million mark -- and one of the least costly among that group , given its $ 20 million budget . Production companies on the Jacob Tremblay vehicle are Mandeville Films , Participant Media , Walden Media and TIK Films .
A24 's expansion of James Franco 's comedy-drama “ The Disaster Artist ” took in a solid $ 6.4 million at 840 venues , up from 19 last weekend . That edged the sixth weekend of Disney-Marvel 's “ Thor : Ragnarok ” with $ 6.3 million at 3,047 sites , which put its domestic total above $ 300 million . The third Thor movie was a key factor in November 's box office staying ahead of the same month last year .
Although it boasts well over 2 billion monthly users , Facebook is constantly adding and removing features as it attempts to stay fresh and compete with the likes of Snapchat . Even the social network 's oldest elements are n't safe : after first arriving way back in 2011 , the Ticker—the box that appeared to the right of the news feed summarizing your friends ' Facebook activities—has now been removed .
As noted by TechCrunch , the move comes after several weeks of users complaining that their Tickers were disappearing . In a post on Facebook 's Help Community , a verified member of the FB team confirmed that the feature is “ no longer available. ” The question has now been closed and no further comments are being allowed .
Precisely why Facebook decided to remove the Ticker is unclear . Not everyone was comfortable with the idea that their friends could potentially see everything they did on the site , including what images they liked and reacted to , comments they left , and more . This creeper aspect , and perhaps due to its decreasing popularity , could have contributed to its demise .
It could also be a case of ‘ out with the old and in with the new ' for Facebook . One of the site 's new features , which is rolling out to users in Britain , Thailand , Australia , Canada , Columbia , and France , appears to be an attempt at refreshing the old ‘ Poke ' function , which few people seem to use these days . By hovering over the ‘ Hello ' button , or long pressing it in the app , people can send greetings such as a hug , wink , and high five . The mobile version even comes with its own animation for each option .
Electorates stand on campaign posters as they queue to cast their ballots during , the Jubilee Party primary elections , outside a polling centre in Nairobi , Kenya April 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya
Electorates queue to cast their ballots , during the Jubilee Party primary elections , at a polling centre in Nairobi , Kenya April 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya
NAIROBI Ballot-stuffing , multiple voting and violence marred polls to pick candidates in Kenya 's looming national elections , observers and participants said on Friday , raising fears of further turmoil .
Observers found some polling stations using photocopied ballot papers and found fraud in more than half of the constituencies they visited , said Mulle Musau , national coordinator of the Election Observation Group .
Protesters have taken to the streets in several locations in Kenya over the past month , frustrated by disorganisation and fraud at the primary votes - highly charged events as ethnic voting blocs mean that clinching a party nomination virtually guarantees victory in the final election .
`` We have seen a number of cases of ballot-stuffing . We have seen a number of cases of multiple voting , '' Musau said . Angry voters stormed cyber-cafes after hearing rumours that fraudsters were using the facilities to print off ballot papers .
Incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta is once again standing against their arch-rival Raila Odinga in August 's presidential vote , which will run alongside elections for members of parliament and local officials .
This month 's protests have stirred memories of the disputed presidential poll a decade ago , when ethnically-charged violence killed more than 1,200 people .
Musau said their coalition of Kenyan civil society groups , the largest body observing the vote , visited 95 constituencies out of 290 .
Polling stations often lacked party registers and allowed anyone with a national ID card to vote , they said . There were no provisions to prevent multiple voting .
Reuters journalists who visited 29 polling stations in four counties during primaries for both parties observed that in many polling stations , ink used to mark voters ' fingers to prevent repeat voting were easily rubbed off . One journalist observed people casting multiple votes .
The main parties were forced to rerun primaries in several locations after protests .
`` They have stolen from us and we are rejecting the results , '' said Hazel Katana , a senatorial candidate for the Jubilee party in the coastal town of Mombasa .
Hamisi Mwaguya , a Mombasa senatorial candidate for the opposition Orange Democratic Movement , said their strongholds had insufficient ballot papers .
`` Somebody is trying to rob us of our victory , '' they said . `` We shall not accept this . ''
The rescheduled primaries should conclude on Sunday . Results for the 47 coveted governorship races show that incumbents retained their seat in 32 of them , despite widespread corruption allegations . Seven have been ousted and eight are disputed or being rerun .
Some disputes spilled into farce : a female bishop vying for the Nairobi governorship was arrested for destroying ballot papers , and two competing candidates for the Kisumu governorship were declared winners in separate locations before results were even counted .
( Additional reporting by John Ndiso and Humphrey Malalo in Nairobi , Athony Gitonga in Naivasha and Joseph Akwiri in Mombassa ; Editing by Andrew Heavens )
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Maurizio Cattelan : Be Right Back director Maura Axelrod at the Quad Cinema Photo : Anne-Katrin Titze
On the morning before the reopening of the Quad Cinema in New York , where two impressive features - Terence Davies ' A Quiet Passion and Katell Quillévéré 's Heal The Living ( Réparer Les Vivants ) - are now screening , Maura Axelrod , the director of Maurizio Cattelan : Be Right Back , met with me at Foragers in Chelsea to give some insight on their relationship to Cattelan 's work and how their friendship developed .
We touched on a number of their artworks , HIM in Agnès Varda 's film Ydessa , the Bears and etc. , Michelangelo Frammartino 's post-Alberi Pinocchio project , Disney and America , Gianfranco Rosi 's Sacro GRA Cattelan moment , and wanting `` the works to just appear as they do in the world '' in their film .
Maurizio Cattelan 's All : `` And when I heard what they were doing at the Guggenheim , I thought that 's an incredible story . ''
In 1989 , Maurizio Cattelan put up a note stating Torno Subito ( Be Right Back ) outside a Milan gallery . The gallery held no artworks and the promise to return was left unfulfilled . Art as absence . Axelrod 's compelling documentary , referencing the title of the piece in their own title , contains plenty of artworks and masterfully arranges them around an almost imperceptible central void .
To rediscover or discover Cattelan this way is a pleasure and commentary by the artist 's sister , ex-girlfirend , current girlfriend , gallerists , collectors and many more makes for a curious , uncanny experience . An invisible Do Not Disturb sign has become the omnipresent guidepost in our world today as technology is taken from the private into the public space . Cattelan 's work has been a continuous antiserum to the numbness produced by this fact .
Maurizio Cattelan : Be Right Back had its World Premiere at the Guggenheim Museum as a Special Event during last year 's Tribeca Film Festival .
Just before our conversation began , Maura received a phone call .
Anne-Katrin Titze : That call just now was from Maurizio ?
Maurizio Cattelan 's retrospective All was a hit at the Guggenheim Museum
Maura Axelrod : Yes . And they never calls on the telephone . It 's always FaceTime .
AKT : Did anything change in your film since it premiered last year at Tribeca ?
MA : We added some more music and we tightened it up . Did you see it in Tribeca ?
AKT : Yes , I saw it there last year .
MA : Cool . We just cut fat a little bit . When we were finishing it for Tribeca it was in a big rush - as it always is . So we went back and tried to make it a little smoother in places . The only thing that we added was at the very end . Of course , Maurizio has come back from retirement , so we added a graphic at the end that showed the golden toilet and the fact that they were back at it . That they have returned from their retirement .
AKT : While I was sitting here waiting for you , I thought about their motto to always send somebody else…
MA : I just do n't have anyone that…
AKT : … could do you ?
Maurizio Cattelan 's HIM is seen in Agnès Varda 's film Ydessa , The Bears And Etc .
MA : I do n't mind doing interviews but I always thought of sending someone in my place ; how that would be .
AKT : It is a nice thought and an escape in a way .
MA : It is , because then you 're not responsible for what is said .
AKT : Do you know Gianfranco Rosi ? They were nominated for an Oscar for Fire at Sea this year .
MA : Yeah . Did they send someone in their place ?
AKT : No , but the first time I met him , [ for Sacro GRA ] they were talking to their friend , the jewelry designer John Hardy , at the Film Society of Lincoln Center . Then Gianfranco suggested I do the interview with their friend instead . In the feature I called it our Maurizio Cattelan moment .
MA : That 's so funny .
AKT : I thought why not ? It would be interesting to interview somebody 's friend as them .
MA : It might even be more revealing .
AKT : That 's why we do n't do it . Tell me a little bit how it all began .
MA : I knew Maurizio for years and years . I had met them when they were installing a Christie 's piece and I was working in news . They were installing the Pope piece in Christie 's in 2001 . I did a story about that because it was a controversial piece for ABC News . And I met them there and was trying to get to do an interview , you know , the whole nine yards . And we became friends and we stayed friends all those years . And when I heard what they were doing at the Guggenheim , I thought that 's an incredible story .
AKT : That was 2011 ?
Quad Cinema in New York Photo : Anne-Katrin Titze
MA : That was five years ago and I said , we have to capture that . We have to figure out a way to do a project . I suggested to them that we do something small . But I knew they were a big enough personality and their work was important enough that it could be a feature film . So I always had that in mind but I suggested to them slowly in stages and just let it get bigger and bigger over the years .
AKT : How did the `` getting bigger '' work ? By focusing on the history ? On certain artworks ?
MA : In terms of getting them on camera or getting any sort of live stuff with them or what they were doing with the work - I just had to take what I could get . When the work was on display I would go and film it . I knew that I wanted to do a document of the work itself .
AKT : Which has n't been done like that ?
MA : No , not really . I wanted to show their progression as an artist because I think it 's cool and important . So that 's where I started and then I wanted to fill it in with other information and try and learn something about him . Which , of course , we never do , but I tried to make it a bigger story by bringing in more about them and their personal life as much as I could .
Maurizio Cattelan 's L.O.V.E at Milan 's stock exchange : `` I mean , people are always asking for it . ''
AKT : The result is that when we see the personal life , we have to take it with a grain of salt . I do n't know how much I can trust what I see . Are these girlfriends actual girlfriends , or actores ?
MA : They 're not . They are real . And they are both named Victoria .
AKT : It 's quite amazing that they both agreed to be on camera .
MA : I was amazed . I mean , they encouraged a number of people to just go ahead and talk to me .
AKT : The kneeling Hitler boy art work [ HIM ] is part of Agnès Varda 's film Ydessa , the Bears and etc . at the Haus der Kunst in Munich , is n't it ?
MA : Exactly . And they know each other . I know they have seen the film . And it is that piece .
AKT : Somebody in your film says `` People are complicit in their own abuse . ' ''
MA : Yeah . Do you think that 's true ?
AKT : I think so , to a certain degree .
MA : What she , the director of the Cattelan Archive , Victoria Armutt , means , I think , is the people who get abused by their work . Like Massimo de Carlo gets taped up to the wall . I do n't know if it rises to the level of abuse really . Abuse is a funny way to put it because they make fun and they tease but they do n't actually harm people . But people do sign up . The Milan city council signed up for a Cattelan piece in front of the stock exchange . And there it was [ L.O.V.E - a big middle finger ] . I mean , people are always asking for it .
Maurizio Cattelan : Be Right Back poster
AKT : Be Right Back you chose as the title , a piece from 1989 .
MA : They actually chose the title . I thought it was one of their most iconic works and where it all began . Maybe the first moment that style worked for them and they kept going . I also thought it was to signal the audience that there 's some kind of absence at the heart of the movie . Like he 's left and someone else sat down in their place , kind of .
AKT : It 's a lot about time , too , because what is `` right back ? ''
MA : That 's a good point .
AKT : It 's about identity in time . If you do n't invest the time , it 's not going to work . The Pinocchio piece I also find fascinating .
MA : Me too . It 's funny because I 've got asked a lot what I think that piece means and they get asked that all the time . I do n't have an answer . It 's different things to different people - whether it 's funny or tragic , suicide or murder or it 's Jesus . There was one interpretation . We interviewed a collector in Europe who owned that piece . They are not in the movie . Their interpretation was that it 's a Disney figure and it represented the failure of America to use its power for good . Here 's this advertising Disney figure that murdered itself . It represents America destroying its own culture .
AKT : To be read together with Father , Father Why Hast Thou Forsaken Me ?
MA : It 's Daddy , Daddy . It 's definitely a religious reference . The sacrifice of the son . The father killed the son to save themselves and to save the world .
AKT : It 's a wooden boy , of course . Like the wooden cross . Today is Maundy Thursday , how fitting to have this conversation - with the foot washing . Michelangelo Frammartino did Alberi , a film installation at the MoMA PS1 VW Dome for Tribeca a few years back . Their producer told me about an upcoming Pinocchio project of his . It 's Pinocchio in reverse . They want to turn back into a tree .
MA : Oh , that 's good ! I love that . Never mind , I do n't want to be a boy anymore !
18-karat gold toilet installed in New York 's Guggenheim Museum public bathroom for America
AKT : Yes , I 'm done with humanity , let me get back to being a tree . Suicide is a big topic in the film and their work . Their sister is going really far with what they expose .
MA : When you have these moments , it 's very emotional work . The pieces themselves are very emotional . I wanted it to be a movie for a general audience who had n't necessarily heard of him . A lot of art films are for people who already know the artist or they 're in the art world . I wanted people who do n't know art necessarily to understand that there 's more to this work . That moment when their sister talks about their experience with them and that piece .
AKT : The piece with the squirrel and the gun [ Bidibidobidiboo ] ?
MA : Yeah , that was so moving and important . In a way , people say , it redeems him . It 's very emotional stuff .
AKT : And on the other hand , you have the total opposite , such as the 6th Caribbean Biennal which is so wonderfully on the spot . Only a party , only the artists having fun , no artworks in sight . High and low - is that how your interacting with them goes as well ?
MA : Yes , actually , now that you say that . That 's funny . Maybe that 's true of everyone , but yeah . That 's an interesting way to think of it . They present that kind of funny , goofy , jumping around persona to the world but he 's also a very serious person . A person who thinks a lot and feels a lot . That weird juxtaposition is present in all of their interactions .
AKT : Any new work , anything post the gold toilet at the Guggenheim bathroom that you know they are working on ?
MA : The thing about their work is that it gets made elsewhere and it just appears as if it were always there . You do n't see any of the craft in it . It 's made by someone else . It appears as though from nowhere . I did n't want to take that magic away by watching somebody make any of the works . You know , Gerhard Richter , you see them making a thing . There is some stuff [ with Cattelan ] where you can see people doing the taxidermy but I specifically wanted the works to just appear as they do in the world .
AKT : That fits with the religious component we just talked about . I never thought about it that way . It 's there from the big invisible creator .
MA : That 's true . I have n't thought about it either .
AKT : Here - on the first day , I created this and this ! Of course , you do n't show : How do I make a squirrel ?
MA : That 's so funny . That 's true . I always have to say this - when you make a documentary , it 's your editor who should also get a director credit . Our editor Lyman Smith is a genius and they are the reason that the movie got made and was really my co-creator . They came up with a lot of the ideas and they implemented them .
AKT : The person who performed Maurizio Cattelan for eight years - it 's interesting , the point in the film you get to this . How did you make that decision ?
MA : We worked for six months trying to figure out how to make that work in the best way possible .
AKT : Positioning clues , pebbles to help us find our way ?
MA : Yes , it was very meticulous work and it took ages to figure it out . We tested it on a million people .
AKT : It 's beautifully done . Even for someone familiar with what they look like , you still managed to get me into this hovering state . It creates doubt where there should n't be doubt and it works for people who do n't know their work at all .
MA : Thank you . I 'm so happy that we seem to have pulled it off . One of the most interesting responses we got from people who did n't know , was that they felt a sense of loss . Because they got attached to Massimiliano as Maurizio and suddenly that 's taken away . It was a little bit painful and it pissed them off . Not because they were tricked but because they felt something was gone .
AKT : Which makes it an art piece in itself on truth and trust .
MA : Yeah , I could n't use my normal practices as a journalist . That 's kind of a trick Maurizio played on me . I spent all this time saying `` Let 's figure you out and put you up on the big screen ! '' They resisted that and the way I had to solve the problem was basically by essentially lying to the audience , which is what a journalist never does .
AKT : What you said earlier , that you can only talk to them on the phone when they see your face and they show their face also ? That 's the effect of what they are doing . You ca n't pretend that way to be somebody else .
MA : That 's interesting . That 's exactly right .
We then walked over to the Quad Cinema for Maura 's tech appointment where they were busy preparing for Mayor Bill de Blasio 's ribbon cutting ceremony .
Maurizio Cattelan : Be Right Back is screening at the Quad Cinema in New York .
A cocky cockatoo that enjoyed a 14-day luxury sail around New Zealand after stowing away on a cruise ship out of Brisbane has been reunited with my owners .
The pet galah hatched biosecurity concerns on both sides of the Tasman .
The drama started on Januray 25 when the cruise ship alerted the Ministry for Primary Industries about its feathery stowaway as it approached Milford .
MPI 's Andrew Spelman saidlast week , strict confinement was needed to prevent the galah flying the coop on arrival and potentially spreading avian diseases .
Stowaway cockatoo Source : Supplied
`` The only way for the ship to enter New Zealand was to have the bird euthanised or secured and bonded to the vessel , '' they said .
Thankfully for the galah , crew members were able to capture and secure it in an unoccupied cabin on board the board .
The ship 's captain contacted Australian and New Zealand biosecurity officials and they were able to track down the owners since Harri had a microchip and leg ring identifying them as a pet .
The agriculture department 's acting head of animal biosecurity , Jackie South , said `` On return to Australia they passed a veterinary examination , and has now been returned to their owners , who themselves have just returned from a cruise .
`` Perhaps Harri felt they too needed a holiday , but Australia and New Zealand treat biosecurity very seriously , especially in regards to foreign species . ''
This is John Naylor 's fourth consecutive year being recognized .
John Naylor Receives Best Lawyers in America
Media Contact
Sarah Thornton Public Relations
Sarah Thornton
702-239-0785
sarah @ sarahthorntonpr.com Sarah Thornton Public RelationsSarah Thornton702-239-0785
End
-- John Naylor , managing partner of Naylor & Braster Attorneys at Law , has been recognized by Best Lawyers as one of the 'Best Lawyers in America ' for 2018 . Naylor has been recognized in the program 's commercial litigation category every year since 2015.Best Lawyers in America is national guide of top attorneys in each category , as voted by their peers . `` John has been recognized by numerous organizations as one of the top commercial litigation attorneys in Nevada , '' said Jennifer Braster , co-managing partner of Naylor & Braster . `` His thoroughness , experience , and drive are evident in every area of their work . I am proud to call them my partner . `` Naylor actively litigates in both the state and federal courts in Nevada . In addition to their commercial litigation practice , they serve as an arbitrator with the American Arbitration Association and pro bono counsel for The Veterans Consortium Pro Bono Program to represent veterans before the United States Court of Appeals For Veterans Claims.is universally regarded as the definitive guide to legal excellence.lists are compiled based on an exhaustive peer-review evaluation . Lawyers are not required or allowed to pay a fee to be listed ; therefore inclusion in Best Lawyers is considered a singular honor . For more information , visit www.bestlawyers.com.Las Vegas-based law firm Naylor & Braster was founded in 2014 by John Naylor and Jennifer Braster . The firm focuses on commercial litigation , construction law , appellate law and alternative dispute resolution . For more information , visit www.naylorandbrasterlaw.com or call 702-420-7000 ( tel : ( 702 ) % 20420- 7000 ) .
The story abou the the removal of “ The Rocks ” was posted the evening of Sept. 26 , on The Lake Orion Review 's Facebook page .
On Sept. 27 , 14 hours after the post : 46,107 people had been reached , with 363 shares and 107 comments .
As of Tuesday morning , the story had reached more than 80,000 people , with 509 shares and 144 comments .
Editor 's Note : The comments have not been edited for grammar and puncuation , but have been edited for profanity .
Jessica Woodward wrote : Thanks to all the punks for repeatedly trashing that area . A part of Lake Orions history is now gone thanks to you .
Austin Pupkiewicz responded : Actually it 's the city council 's fault , so you can blame them for it , because they dubbed the rocks an “ eyesore ” and until now they had no problem with them , the graffiti will continue trust me , so speak with a city council member about their decision they did n't discuss with the public .
Toni Scharnhorst : Yes ! , thank you ! our sentiments exactly ! we moved here to get away from the ghetto ! ! ! this crap is not art , you want that kind of art , go to the ghetto of detroit , or even closer drive downside streets in ponti-crack ! ! ! it 's not art ! ! !
Those rocks are and were nothing short of a public eyesore ! ! ! ! ! it 's not art ! ! !
Rollie Pouget , responding to Toni Scharnhorst : annnd that 's your opinion . most people I know that bike or walk the trail stop to look at the rocks . It was very cool .
New posts :
Joel S. Kolodziejczak : Wait… . is that the old troll bridge ? I remember that place from 20 plus years ago . Just never knew what it was . Lol . I think my friends called it the Troll Bridge .
Joseph Johnson : I say good riddance . They were an eyesore .
Amanda Lynn : Glad we got our family pics and senior pics done before it was removed ..
Jason Davis : Even though it was graffiti it was still art .
Toni Scharnhorst : It 's garbage , there 's a place for everything , and defacing nature is not art…it 's trash ! ! !
Mackenzie Beyer : I think your opinion is garbage .
Corey Dion : Those were man-made rocks… not nature .
Missy Addams : What an awful thing to do .
Lindsey Eveland : THAT WAS THE FIRST PLACE THAT WE EVER HUNG OUT IM SO UPSET .
Tom Pollock : So sad , what a terrible and stupid decision to remove the rocks . The city council seriously screwed up on this one .
Christina Freeman : The rocks were super cool .
Becca Mix : While there was definitely sentimental value to this , I 've always wondered about the pollution .
David Movahedan : Wow . I ca n't believe it .
Kim Jeffery : Still had senior pics scheduled but not anymore
Siren Lynn : I liked all the colors . There are plenty of things here in LO that are more of an “ eyesore ”
Melissa Mize : Wow ! That 's horrible . Glad they 've finally been removed . I ca n't believe it took so long . How did they get there to begin with ?
Toni Scharnhorst : How did they get where , piled up to be removed ? local snots defaced nature , n made it look like the ghetto in detroit , we moved out here to get away from it !
Joe Juncaj : Toni Scharnhorst what are you talking about ? ? ? . Those rocks make paint creek trail unique…
Austin Michael McGee : I understand why they 're taking the rocks out because of the pollution , but it 's a shame they have to destroy the rocks . What if they just kept the rocks but moved them somewhere else so people can still enjoy the beauty and art .
Bill Hayes : Glad I got to see them one last time
Paige Marie : This is the saddest news I 've ever seen !
William Schuman : More like they just couldnt stand for kids and adults to have a place to gather and hang very sad the rest is just the made up excuses they came up with to try to make themselves not look like complete @ $ # % & * , & * # @ ! me off planed on making years and years of more memories with my kids there….used to meet some really nice people down there and hear all their memories of years and years of stoping there always was a LO stop when i was passn through my old home town just ask any one thats anybody if they know what the rock are most people knew RIP the rocks…
Ryan James Wolfe : That 's beyond sad , wonder why they had to ruin a good thing ?
Megan Leister : Omg… This hurts my heart
Travis Sartele : It started with stadium dr in 1995 when they removed the rock every senior had painted for the last 30 years ! ! It was my right of passage stolen from me .
Adam Redmond : There goes another of the few remaining bits of homespun character Lake Orion has… Does anyone else see the irony of removing the painted rocks from Paint Creek ?
Josh Polan : They should move the debris toward the trail . Keeps everyone happy . No paint in the water and still able to preserve history
Reggie Harrison : I thought they were an artistic expression of the youth of our community . Have visited that spot dozens of times… Kinda sad they are gone
Glen Michael : They 're cool but I understand why the Township removed them . I 've seen paint cans , spray bottles , beer cans/bottles , a shopping cart and even a microwave in that part of the river , along with other random trash . Not to mention a few people who 've tagged other adjacent areas where it 's not ok. Sucks that a few idiots can ruin it for everyone .
Greyson Ritter : Just to give a shakedown of the important bits :
1 good news ! Now you can fish for trout !
2 it created a dam effect , the water management company threw a hissy fit ! ? ? “ i dont like these big rocks being here , even though they 've been here for 30 years ” said the whiny % $ # water company
Natasha Hampshire : What a bummer they removed them ! They were so cool
Jason C Davis : Some of you guys really should think about what we actually have here with Paint Creek . Were the painted chunks of old concrete kind of cool ? Sure . Are they a historic reminder of what Rudd 's Mill once was ? Certainly . But we have the highest quality trout stream south of Bay City and east of Lansing . This creek is an absolute gem that was getting polluted every year because of that spray paint . Perhaps joining a river cleanup project would enlighten you guys . Every fall we take 5 to 8 huge bags of trash out of that section , including between 20 to 30 empty spray paint cans . Hopefully the removal of these concrete canvases will reduce the trash people feel compelled to dump in the creek ,
Tina Lee : Removing the rocks wo n't stop kids from being kids . It was a super cool place to meditate . I took my granddaughter there ( she 's 2 ) and they loved it as well . They 're just going to continue painting the trees and the bridge .
Gina Hensley : Samantha Johnstone , Stephanie M Revers , we can die now . Our lives are over
Rachelle Elizabeth : As a person who cares about the environment , I think this was a good move . However , as a person who looks upon my angsty teenage years with sweet nostalgia , I 'd be lying if I said this does n't break my heart a little .
Adam Milberg : Lame
David Revers : Guess people will have to go back to bathroom stalls to find out who to call for a good time .
Ashley Susan : Good ! About time .
Honda Cars Philippines Inc. launched on Tuesday last week the fifth generation CR-V in Makati Shangri-La , Makati City , shifting the line-up of the popular compact SUV to all diesel-range for the first time in HCPI 's history , with one gasoline trim .
“ We see that there is a demand for diesel SUVs in the Philippine market , as this country is an SUV market . Complimented with efficient i-DTEC technology and premium interior , I 'm sure that this offering will delight those not only fans of the car but also those who are looking for a spacious SUV to begin with , ” HCPI president Noriyuki Takakura told Fast Times .
The turbodiesel models are powered by a 1.6-liter DOHC four-cylinder i-DTEC engine , utilizing an aluminium block under Honda 's Earth Dreams family , producing 120 hp at 4,000 rpm , mated to a 9-speed automatic gearbox . It can seat seven exclusively . The gasoline model , which only seats five , uses a 2.0-liter SOHC four-cylinder i-VTEC engine , producing 153 hp at 6,500 rpm and is linked to a continuously variable transmission ( CVT ) . While lower trims offer front-wheel drive , the top range SX is four-wheel drive . It sits on MacPherson struts on the front and a multi-link rear suspension .
The exterior has been redesigned to be more aggressive than its predecessor following Honda 's “ Modern Functional Dynamic ” concept . Sharp angles dominate the front fascia and the rear , from the headlamps , the front grille , and the tail lamps . The fenders are wider giving it a sportier stance , housing the 18-inch alloy wheels , and houses brakes that are larger than its predecessor . The side mirrors and the rear trunk lid houses cameras that give a view of blind spots .
The cockpit has been redesigned as well . The instrument clusters are now replaced with a TFT screen , following the Civic . There is also a 7-inch touchscreen infotainment system with navigation and all models come with it as standard . While the gasoline version with five seats still utilize an automatic gear lever , the diesel models use a drive-by-wire button shifter that was first seen in the Honda Legend . The seven-seater turbodiesel models utilize a third row seat which takes up the boot space which affects the second row seat legroom , but there is immense legroom at the rear if choosing the gasoline five-seater version .
Safety features such as cruise control , Low Speed Follow , Collision Mitigation Braking System , Lane Keep Assist System , Road Departure Mitigation , Forward Collision Warning and Lane Departure Warning come as standard .
The gasoline version with five seats will cost P1.539 million and deliveries for this trim will commence this month . The turbodiesel models cost Php1.560 million for the V trim , P1.759 million for the S trim , and P2.049 million for the range topping SX trim .
The CR-V has been Honda 's best-selling SUV with over 8.7 million units sold worldwide .
Alain Louise C. Geronimo
Scoff at Eden Park 's hopelessly odd short boundaries if you will ; Neil Wagner loves the place .
The lively New Zealand left armer has played two tests there , a thrilling draw against England , which went down to the final ball on their last visit here in 2013 , the English saved by wicketkeeper Matt Prior 's unbeaten century ; and a terrific 40-run win over India in 2014 .
Wagner 's contribution to that match was a match haul of eight for 126 .
'' I love playing at Eden Park , '' they said today . '' I lot of guys find it funny , being a rugby field and with quite short dimensions .
Advertisement
'' But just the history of it , knowing Richie McCaw and those guys ran out there and won a ( rugby ) World Cup . It 's a pretty special place and I do get a little bit of goosebumps . ''
Wagner rates the England draw as `` probably the most exciting test I 've been involved with '' . The Indian win was just `` an awesome spectacle '' .
Read more : New Zealand 's one test wonders
Wagner rates the pitch conditions highly , but has a simple answer to questions about the short boundaries straight .
'' You 've got to adapt as soon as you can . ''
They like the idea of the pink ball test this week , the first to be played in New Zealand and the ninth worldwide .
'' It is different , it gets the crowds excited . But as a cricketer you find a way of adapting to different conditions and how it is going to pan out . It 's an exciting prospect . ''
They have played just one pink ball game , New Zealand 's warmup game in Perth ahead of the inaugural day-nighter in Adelaide in late 2015 . They had no problems with the ball then and said the same rules apply to using a white or red ball .
Read more : Ross Taylor touch and go for first test against England
'' You 've got to make sure you put it in the right areas , so it 's no different to any other form of the game , '' they said .
The one aspect which some of the players have found challenging is catching high pink balls under the lights .
'' It seems to hit your hands a little sooner than you think , so we 'll try and take a few more catches tonight ( when New Zealand have a training session at Eden Park ) . ''
They scotched at talk England might be vulnerable coming off a 4-0 Ashes pasting in Australia over Christmas and New Year .
'' I think it will motivate England to come back stronger , They are a quality team and I would n't expect anything less than this being a tough , hard fought series . ''
India wanted peaceful relations with Pakistan , but its forces have been told that if one bullet come from across the border , they should fire countless bullets to retaliate , Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday night . `` I have given standing orders to our forces to shoot limitless bullets to retaliate a single fire on our territory by the Pakistani forces , '' they said at an election rally at Barjala on the state capital 's outskirts . `` As our neighbour , we do not want to attack on Pakistan first . We want to live with peace and harmony with our all neighbours . But , most unfortunately Pakistan is trying to tear down Jammu and Kashmir and continue attacks on our forces and Indian territory , '' they added.Hitting out at the Left Front government , Rajnath Singh said that during its 25 year uninterrupted rule , it did nothing for the development of Tripura , economic prosperity of the state and to remove huge poverty and unemployment . `` During CPI-M 's 35 years rule in West Bengal , they ruined that state , and if the Left parties after the February 18 assembly polls are allowed to rule Tripura further , they would destroy the future of the state and its people , '' they alleged.He said that only their Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) can develop the country and the northeastern states including Tripura . `` BJP and its allies are now ruling 19 states in India . Why so many states are under BJP and its allies ' governance ? Because people of these states trust BJP and people sincerely believe that only BJP can remove their pverty and provide jobs to the youth . `` Rajnath Singh said that Tripura has huge natural resources and if BJP comes to power in the state , it would make this northeastern state a number one state in India . `` You have given scope to the Left parties in Tripura many times , give scope to BJP once this time to rule for genuine development of the state with all-round growth of all sections of people , '' they said .
WNA 5 Micron
Contact
Walmec North America
507-843-4703
* * * @ walmecna.com Walmec North America507-843-4703
End
-- The 5 Micron Compressed Air Filter provides point of use filtration of liquids , oils , and other contaminants.According to Walmec North America , this two-stage filter is designed to operate most effectively when placed near the point of use . It has a 5 micron rating , and is available in sizes with flow ranges of 15 SCFM to 250 SCFM , and pressure ratings of up to 250 PSI . The 5 Micron Compressed Air Filter is ideal for a large variety of applications including surface preparation , paint spraying , powder coating , air powered tools , and pneumatically operated equipment.The first stage filter knocks out all liquids , and particles of dirt , dust , rust , and scale . The second stage filter removes remaining moisture , contaminants , and particles down to 5 microns . An automatic float drain under the second stage filter opens and expels all collected liquids when an ounce or more is present . It is fully automatic with no continuous air loss.The 5 Micron Compressed Air Filter has a permanently mounted differential pressure gauge and comes with mounting brackets . The differential pressure gauge provides a visual indication of required maintenance which is easily done by installing the appropriate service kit . No need to remove the unit from the compressed air system . An optional pressure regulator with gauge is available.Walmec North America understands the importance of protecting your valuable machinery , tools , and finished products from wet , dirty , and contaminated air . The 5 Micron Compressed Air Filter effectively achieves this . It is easy to install , use , and maintain.For more information on the 5 Micron Compressed Air Filter call Walmec North America toll free at : 866-764-8377 or visit their website at :
Not able to commit to that diet ? It may be your partner 's fault , according to a new study .
The study was conducted by Weight Watchers , and it suggests that your boo can be your biggest ally or enemy in accomplishing your weight loss goals .
If a couple works at losing weight and getting fit together , you are more likely to succeed . This makes sense too , of course . It 's hard to watch what you eat if the person you 're with is constantly bringing junk food into the house .
Do n't tell your partner about your diet - they may try and sabotage it ! 43 % # diet in SECRET https : //t.co/DG5fRh5HWI # eatwhatyouwantday pic.twitter.com/YWY4AnKD4J — News By Design ( @ NewsbyDesignUK ) May 11 , 2017
In fact , just being around a partner can make for bad influences when you 're trying to diet . There 's something about watching your boo eat ice cream when you 're not supposed to have any yourself that can really derail your diet.In extreme cases , a person will go to any length to try and derail your diet and exercise regimen as a way of controlling you . This is n't a healthy relationship and ultimately you need to rid yourself of this toxic force.But here 's the good news . Even if your partner is n't on your weight loss train , they may be influenced by your diet . If they see a change in you , it may help them lose some weight too .
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Thursday .
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy . New items are marked with ( * ) .
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
ECONOMY
Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni attends Culture G7 in Florence ; visits Fincantieri plant in Monfalcone ( 1000 GMT ) and Palazzo del Podesta in Mantua ( 1300 GMT ) .
Rome , conference on `` The Wealth of the Nation . Financial Education and protection of savings '' with Economy Minister Pier Carlo Padoan , Bank of Italy Governor Ignazio Visco , market regulator Consob President Giuseppe Vegas ( 1300 GMT ) .
Trani , last hearing in trial of Fitch analyst David Riley , with verdict expected .
Trani , new hearing in case against ratings agency Standard & Poor 's and five of its current and former managers , with verdict expected .
Energy Authority AEEGSI releases energy and gas fees effective from April 1 , 2017 .
Rome , welfare institute INPS President Tito Boeri attends conference ( 1415 GMT ) .
DEBT
Treasury sells 2.0-2.5 billion euros CCTeu bonds due Feb. 15 , 2024 ; 1.75-2.25 billion euros 1.20 percent BTP bonds due April 1 , 2022 ; 2.0-2.5 billion euros 2.20 percent BTP bonds due June 1 , 2027 ; 0.500-0.750 billion euros 2.80 percent BTP bonds due March 1 , 2067 ; 0.500-1.0 billion euros 0,65 percent BTP bonds due Nov. 1 , 2020 . Subscriptions close at 0900 GMT .
COMPANIES
TELECOM ITALIA
Vivendi is considering putting its chief executive Arnaud de Puyfontaine forward as Telecom Italia 's next chairperson , sources told Reuters , potentially aggravating concerns about the French group 's growing influence over Italian companies . The board of Telecom Italia , of which Vivendi is the top shareholder with 24 percent , comes up for renewal in May .
Telecom Italia went live with a website for its new Kena Mobile brand on Wednesday , testing demand for a no-frills alternative to French carrier Iliad , which is set to launch its Free brand in Italy by early next year .
( * ) TELECOM ITALIA , MEDIASET
Vivendi will submit its proposal for Telecom Italia 's new board before Italy 's communications regulator AGCOM decides on the compatibility of the Frenh media group 's stakebuilding at both Telecom Italia and Mediaset with Italian regulations , Il Sole 24 Ore said . AGCOM is due to debate the issue on April 11 but an ad hoc meeting could be called with a yet to-be-defined date given the sensitivity of the issue , the paper added .
( * ) VENETO BANCA , POPOLARE DI VICENZA
The managers of the two banks will meet officials of the European Central Banks on Thursday , several papers said . The ECB may use the meeting to indicate what the banks ' capital shortfall is and whether they meet the conditions for a precautionary recapitalisation , the papers added .
In an interview with Il Messaggero , Popolare di Vicenza CEO Fabrizio Viola said `` given the size of the shortfall to be covered , the most likely option is that of public recapitalisation '' . The manager also adds that given simulations carried out , the bank meets the conditions for such a solution .
( * ) ENI , ENEL , POSTE ITALIANE
State lender Cassa Depositi e Prestiti could take on the Treasury 's stakes in listed companies , La Repubblica said in an unsourced report . The CDP would not pay in cash but issue privileged shares - giving the right to higher dividends and less governance - that in future would be sold on to institutional investors , the paper added .
( * ) BANCO BPM
The deadline for binding offers for a 750 million-euro bad loan portfolio called Project Rainbow put on sale by the bank will be April 10 , MF reported .
SAIPEM
The oil services group said on Wednesday it has launched a 500-million euro fixed rate non-convertible bond with a fixed annual coupon of 2.75 percent and a re-offer price of 100 percent .
ENEL
Italy 's biggest utility said on Wednesday it has started construction works at its 754 MW Villanueva photovoltaic plant , the largest photovoltaic facility under construction in the Americas and Enel 's largest solar project worldwide .
Shareholders of Slovakia 's biggest power utility approved a higher cost estimate for a long-delayed nuclear power plant but could not agree on how to finance the extra 800 million euros , company and government officials said on Wednesday . Slovenske is owned by the government , with a 34 percent stake , and a joint venture between Italy 's Enel and privately-held Czech energy group EPH .
FINCANTIERI The Italian shipyard said on Wednesday its 2016 full year revenues was 4.43 billion euros and its net profit non-recurring items was 25 million euros , versus loss 175 million euros a year ago .
Conference call ( 0700 GMT ) .
ENI
President Emma Marcegaglia attends conference on `` International Workshop on Resource Efficiency '' in Rome ( 1300 GMT ) .
EDISON
Annual general meeting ( 0900 GMT ) .
CERVED
CEO Andrea Mignanelli attends research presentation on `` The NPLs Market between Demand and Offer '' at Bocconi University in Milan ( 1530 GMT ) .
BORGOSESIA
Board meeting to postpone approval of FY results .
LANDI RENZO
Bondholders ' meeting ( 0800 GMT ) .
PREMUDA
Extraordinary shareholders ' meeting ( 1230 GMT ) .
S.S. LAZIO
Board meeting on H1 results .
UNIEURO IPO-UNE.MI
IPO ends ( started on March 20 ) .
BUZZI UNICEM
Board meeting on FY results ( preliminary on Feb. 9 ) , followed by conference call ( 1430 GMT ) .
For Italian market data and news , click on codes in brackets :
20 biggest gainers ( in percentage ) ............
20 biggest losers ( in percentage ) .............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index ........
FTSE Allstars index ...
FTSE Mid Cap index ....
Block trades ..........
Stories on Italy ...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news , click on codes in brackets : European Equities speed guide ................... FTSEurofirst 300 index .............................. DJ STOXX index ...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors ........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors ...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors ................... Top 25 European pct gainers ....................... Top 25 European pct losers ........................ Main stock markets : Dow Jones ............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225 ............. Tokyo report ............ FTSE 100 ............... London report ........... Xetra DAX ............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40 ................. Paris market stories ... World Indices ..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook ......... Western European IPO diary .......................... European Asset Allocation ........................ Reuters News at a Glance : Equities ............... Main currency report : ...............................
Bullying turns blazing as brigade burns moto
Five adolescent arsonists were arrested in Kampong Cham on Saturday for setting another teen 's motorbike ablaze earlier that week .
The bullying band had attacked a pair of unpopular peers on Thursday before burning their Suzuki Nex motorbike .
The victims ' families filed a complaint with police , who rounded up the majority of the aggressive gang .
The five firebugs have been sent to court while cops search for another two accomplices .
KOH SANTEPHEAP
LogRhythm once again recognized for completeness of vision and ability to execute
LogRhythm Logo
End
-- LogRhythm , The Security Intelligence Company , today announced that it has , once again , been positioned as a Leader by Gartner , Inc. in the 2017 `` Magic Quadrant for Security Information and Event Management '' * research report , for its Threat Lifecycle Management Platform . `` We feel it 's an honor to be consistently recognized as a Leader in this Gartner Magic Quadrant , '' said LogRhythm CTO and Senior Vice President of Research & Development , Chris Petersen . `` As data breaches continue to come fast and furious , it 's critical that companies rapidly detect , neutralize and recover from security threats . We believe this research report speaks volumes about LogRhythm 's leadership in the market and our ability to meet the challenges of today 's continually evolving threat landscape for enterprise Security Operations Centers ( SOCs ) across the globe . `` According to Gartner , `` the SIEM Leaders quadrant is composed of vendors that provide products that are a strong functional match to general market requirements , have been the most successful in building an installed base and revenue stream within the SIEM market , and have a relatively high viability rating ( due to SIEM revenue or SIEM revenue in combination with revenue from other sources ) . In addition to providing technology that is a good match to current customer requirements , Leaders also show evidence of superior vision and execution for emerging and anticipated requirements . wcj They typically have relatively high market share and/or strong revenue growth , and have demonstrated positive customer feedback for effective SIEM capabilities and related service and support . `` In addition to SIEM , LogRhythm 's Threat Lifecycle Management ( TLM ) Platform delivers solutions for user and entity behavior analytics ( UEBA ) , network traffic and behavior analytics ( NTBA ) , enterprise log management , network and endpoint monitoring , and security automation and orchestration ( SAO ) . These solutions comprise the principal workflow of the next-generation security operations center , seamlessly integrating people and processes across the security organization and enabling security teams to detect and respond to threats quickly and with great precision . LogRhythm 's customers include some of the largest enterprises and government agencies across the world.Gartner 's 2017 Magic Quadrant for Security Information and Event Management can be viewed here . For further information on LogRhythm and its solutions , please visit www.LogRhythm.com . * Gartner , `` Magic Quadrant for Security Information and Event Management , '' Kelly M. Kavanagh , Toby Bussa , 4 December 2017.Gartner does not endorse any vendor , product , or service depicted in its research publications , and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation . Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner 's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact . Gartner disclaims all warranties , expressed or implied , with respect to this research , including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose .
By Gabriel Ewepu
ABUJA—AN international organisation , Actionaid , has expressed concern over continuity of Anchor Borrowers Scheme by the Central Bank of Nigeria , CBN , to boost farmers ' access to finance .
This was part of assessment report presented by Actionaid on government expenditure for the agricultural sector , held in Abuja .
The report also revealed that small holder farmers still lacked access to loan support .
Actionaid Nigeria Food and Agriculture , Programme Advisor , Azubike Nwokoye , acknowledged the key role the Federal Government played in funding the scheme , with meagre contribution from the banking sector .
Presenting the scorecard , Nwokoye said a cumulative of 270,545 farmers received loan support from the Agriculture Credit Guarantee Scheme Fund , ACGSF , between 2012 and 2016 .
The Anchor Borrowers Scheme was initiated by the federal government through the CBN to provide credit facilities to smallholder farmers , including ready market or buyers , improved technologies as well as inputs such as extension services and technical supports , and to create 1 million jobs in five years .
THE 58 suspected recruits of the Maute terrorist group , excluding their alleged recruiter , submitted their counter affidavits before the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) denying rebellion charges filed against them by the military .
Senior State Prosecutor Peter Ong gave the 58 suspects until Wednesday to submit additional documents while the recruiter , identified as Nur Supian , was given until Friday to submit their counter affidavit .
“ The Public Attorney 's Office could not handle your case because you are being identified as their recruiter , ” Ong told Supian . “ You get your own lawyer or you answer yourself the complaint . ”
The accused Maute recruits arrived at about 2:45 p.m. but it took time to start the preliminary hearing because the accused were each asked to sign an attendance paper and escorting police had to assist them since they were handcuffed .
The recruits are divided in to two groups — 32 belong to the group that was arrested in Ipil town in Zamboanga Sibugay , while 27 others were arrested from a house in Guiwan , Zamboanga City .
The recruits alleged that Supian made them believe that they would be part of the Moro National Liberation Front ( MNLF ) , to be later integrated into the Philippine Army .
“ In fact , 30 recruits alleged that they paid P1,500 each , ” Ong said .
The counter-affidavits , which were filed in response to the charges by the Western Mindanao Command of the Armed Forces of the Philippines ( Wesmincom AFP ) , were submitted after an inquest proceeding last July 28 at the DOJ . They were subjected to questioning July 25 in Zamboanga City .
Ong also instructed the lawyers of the recruits to submit documents showing the denial of the leadership of the MNLF that it was recruiting the group of Supian .
MNLF leader Yusoph Jikiri denied having anything to do with the alleged Maute group 's new recruits .
Ong directed Sapian to submit their reply to the complaint on Friday morning at 10 a.m. before Assistant Prosecutor Ramoncito Ocampo Jr. of the Quezon City Prosecutor 's Office .
Ocampo is a member of the prosecutorial panel led by Ong .
- Above , on Bring it to the Table , WWE posted a collection of fan reactions to Jinder Mahal winning the WWE Championship away from Randy Orton at Backlash in May . The two Superstars will meet again this Sunday at Money in the Bank .
- Ticket for WWE No Mercy will go on sale July 15 with an online pre-sale a couple days before that . No Mercy will be at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California on September 24 and it will be a Raw brand PPV .
See Also Vince Russo On How WWE Has Mishandled Jinder Mahal And Shinsuke Nakamura
- Matt Hardy showed fans a photo of what only part of their title collection looks like . Hardy made note that they still have a few to add to the group .
Part of my Title Collection . I still have championships to add . pic.twitter.com/jsKiBJe7AB — REBORN by FATE ( @ MATTHARDYBRAND ) June 14 , 2017
Follow Joshua Gagnon on Twitter at @ HeelDoors . Got a news tip or correction ? Send it to us by clicking here .
March 31 Nanjing Pharmaceutical Co Ltd
* Says it plans to issue up to 2.0 billion yuan ( $ 290.51 million ) commercial paper
* Says unit plans to invest about 170 million yuan in logistics project
Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2ogUJbr ; bit.ly/2nSmgzl
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.8845 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
Residents in and around Braybrooke and Market Harborough have been invited to find out more about National Grid 's proposals to build a new electricity sub-station in the Braybrooke parish .
The company is putting on a community consultation event from 3pm to 8pm on Tuesday , July 4 , at Braybrooke Village Hall in Griffin Road .
National Grid 's project team will be on hand to discuss the proposed new sub-station and give local people an opportunity to find out more and share their views .
Representatives from Network Rail will also be available to answer questions about the Midland Main Line upgrade and its electrification programme , of which the first phase of work between London and Corby is due to complete in about 2019 .
Andrea Robertson , project manager at National Grid , said : “ Our proposed new electricity sub-station will provide supplies to the proposed new trackside feeder station which Network Rail will build as part of its Midland Main Line upgrade and electrification programme .
“ We want to hear local people 's views on the sub-station before we apply for planning permission around the end of July and look forward to engaging with the community at the event . ”
The new sub-station is one of four new supply points along the railway .
The first at Charlton in London is under way .
The second at Braybrooke is needed for October 2020 .
Anyone with questions about the community consultation event can contact National Grid 's community relations team on 0800 073 1047 .
May 3 Midpoint Holdings Ltd :
* Midpoint 's CEO acquires over 10 % of common shares
* David Wong CEO and chairperson has acquired 1.15 million common shares through open market purchases
* Of the 1.15 million common shares acquired by Wong , over 200,000 shares were acquired in last 30 days
* Wong 's ownership and control represents 10.4 % of issued and outstanding common shares of Midpoint Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Polycarbonate films are known for their high strength , toughness , and elasticity . They also offer competent properties such as heat , abrasion , and chemical resistance . Polycarbonate films are transparent , opaque , and translucent . They also possess improved mechanical , electrical , and thermal properties . These properties make them compatible for usage in various end-use industries such as automotive , aerospace , and construction .
Get Research Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/polycarbonate-films-market.html
Polycarbonate Films Market : Drivers and Restraints
Led by the rise in disposable income of people , the passenger cars segment is anticipated to drive the global automotive industry at a significant pace . However , increase in environmental concerns and level of pollution is estimated to hamper the market during the forecast period . A major challenge faced by OEMs is providing numerous options to customers at low cost . Increase in need to offer energy-efficient cars at low prices creates further concerns for automotive manufacturers . Thus , demand for lightweight and superior performance polymers has increased in the past few years . Polycarbonate is a functional polymer that possesses important attributes of plastic such as low weight , high elasticity , and good resistance to abrasion , heat , chemicals , oil , and moisture . Hence , polycarbonate films are considered alternatives to metal , steel , and other conventional polymers films used in the manufacture of automotive components . Therefore , rise in automobile production and increase in pressure to manufacture fuel-efficient vehicles are expected to boost the polycarbonate films market during the forecast period . However , availability of substitutes with improved performance such as thermoplastic polyurethane films is anticipated to hamper the polycarbonate films market during the forecast period .
Polycarbonate Films Market : Segmentation
Based on application , the polycarbonate films market can be segmented into :
Automotive & Transportation
Building & Construction
Aerospace
Energy
Electrical & Electronics
Others ( Consumer Goods , etc . )
The automotive & transportation segment is expected to hold major share of the polycarbonate films market , followed by the building & construction segment , during the next few years . These films used in the automotive industry to lower the overall weight of automotive body parts and other components , and improve performance efficiency . These films are employed in engineering and designing of noise and vibration absorbing automotive parts such as interior door panels , seating in-fills , and thermal insulation covers for engine bays . These films are used as sheet linings and thermal resistant membranes for molding of concrete and gypsum structures in the construction industry .
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=43160
Polycarbonate Films Market : Region-wise Outlook
In terms of consumption , Asia Pacific constituted significant share of the global polycarbonate films market in 2016 . This trend is estimated to continue during the forecast period . The polycarbonate films market in North America is projected to create substantial incremental opportunity between 2017 and 2025 compared to that in other regions . The polycarbonate films market in Latin America is expected to expand at a relatively higher growth rate compared to that in the Middle East & Africa during the forecast period .
Automotive and aerospace components are largely manufactured in Europe , North America , and Asia Pacific . Thus , these regions dominate the polycarbonate films market in terms of consumption , as polycarbonate films are primarily used in automotive and aerospace industries .
Polycarbonate Films Market : Key Market Players
Key players operating in the global polycarbonate films market are Covestro , Mitsubishi Gas Chemical Company , Inc. , Tekra , and Rowland Technologies , Inc .
Smoke rises during clashes between Islamists and Palestinian Fatah gunmen in Ain al-Hilweh camp Palestinian refugee camp near Sidon , South Lebanon April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
People stand behind a Lebanese Army barrier as smoke rises during clashes between Islamists and Palestinian Fatah gunmen in Ain al-Hilweh camp Palestinian refugee camp near Sidon , South Lebanon April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
Smoke rises during clashes between Islamists and Palestinian Fatah gunmen in Ain al-Hilweh camp Palestinian refugee camp near Sidon , South Lebanon April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
Smoke rises during clashes between Islamists and Palestinian Fatah gunmen in Ain al-Hilweh camp Palestinian refugee camp near Sidon , South Lebanon April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
A man peeks out from behind a Lebanese Army barrier as smoke rises during clashes between Islamists and Palestinian Fatah gunmen in Ain al-Hilweh camp Palestinian refugee camp near Sidon , South Lebanon April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
Smoke rises during clashes between Islamists and Palestinian Fatah gunmen in Ain al-Hilweh camp Palestinian refugee camp near Sidon , South Lebanon April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
Smoke rises during clashes between Islamists and Palestinian Fatah gunmen in Ain al-Hilweh camp Palestinian refugee camp near Sidon , South Lebanon April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
Palestinian Fatah gunmen are seen during clashes with Islamists in Ain al-Hilweh camp Palestinian refugee camp near Sidon , South Lebanon April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
People help civilians flee during clashes between Islamists and Palestinian Fatah gunmen in Ain al-Hilweh camp Palestinian refugee camp near Sidon , South Lebanon April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
SIDON , Lebanon A member of the Palestinian Fatah faction was killed in factional clashes at the Ain el-Hilweh refugee camp in southern Lebanon on Sunday , a Fatah official said , as fighting that has killed at least four people , raged for a third day .
At least four people have been killed and dozens more people wounded in the latest round of fighting , pitching Fatah and other Palestinian groups against hard line Sunni Islamists known as the Badr group .
Fatah is led by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
Clashes have erupted intermittently in recent months in Ain al-Hilweh . The latest round began on Friday when a joint security force grouping the main Palestinian factions met resistance from Badr fighters as it tried to deploy in the camp .
Mortar bombs have been fired in the most recent clashes , some of the most ferocious between the sides to date .
Lebanon 's Palestinian camps mainly fall outside the jurisdiction of the Lebanese security services . There are some 450,000 Palestinian refugees living in 12 refugee camps in Lebanon .
( Writing by Tom Perry . Editing by Jane Merriman )
HONG KONG , April 28 Private home prices in Hong Kong , one of the least affordable places in the world , hit a record high for the fifth month in a row in March , extending its year-long price surge , according to government data released on Friday .
Cooling Hong Kong 's red-hot property market will be one of the top priorities for incoming leader Carrie Lam , who takes office in July and has vowed to tackle the city 's high housing costs .
Home prices in Hong Kong have jumped 364 percent since 2003 , while the median monthly household income has risen just 61 percent , pushing home ownership out of reach for many .
In March , private home prices rose 2.07 percent compared to the previous month , while year-on-year prices soared 17.8 percent , according to an index compiled by the Rating and Valuation Department .
Lam has promised to keep expanding the city 's housing supply , continuing a tactic used by incumbent Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying .
The government on Friday said it expects the private market to provide some 96,000 units in the next three to four years , a record figure , according to the latest data released by the Transport and Housing Bureau .
But Lam 's task of making housing more affordable could founder on the bottomless pockets of mainland Chinese developers , who are bidding up the price of land .
Chinese companies successfully bid for six out of 27 plots of land sold by the government in the fiscal year starting April 2016 , Lands Department data showed . But in money terms , they accounted for 44 percent of total transactions .
In the previous fiscal year , Chinese firms paid more on land deals than their Hong Kong competitors , taking up 55 percent of the value and nearly half of the land sold .
( Reporting by Venus Wu ; Editing by Randy Fabi )
U.S. President Donald Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel shake hands at the conclusion of their joint news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington , U.S. , March 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. President Donald Trump meets with Germany 's Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington , U.S. March 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Saturday that they and President Donald Trump have built a `` good working relationship '' even though the two had frosty exchanges last year that raised fears of damage to the pivotal U.S.-German partnership .
`` President Trump and I have developed a good working relationship , which does n't rule out having different points of view , '' Merkel told the RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland ( RND ) group of newspapers .
`` When we talk with each other , for instance , it 's about developing a common strategy for the Ukraine conflict or the horrible war in Syria . It 's also about the fight against terror or the disastrous humanitarian situation in Yemen - all these conflicts are at the doorstep of Europe .
`` If we want to resolve these problems , if we want to help people , we need strong involvement from the United States , '' Merkel said .
In their 2016 election campaign , Trump had disparaged Merkel for allowing more than a million refugees from Syria , the Middle East and Afghanistan into their country , saying they were `` ruining Germany '' with those policies . They had also criticised Germany 's large trade surpluses and threatened to import duties .
After Trump won , Merkel congratulated them but pointed out importance of democracy and the need to respect people 's dignity regardless of their origin , colour of their skin , religion , gender , sexual orientation or political views .
Merkel 's relations with Trump 's predecessor Barack Obama got off to an awkward start when they rejected their request to speak at the Brandenburg Gate during the 2008 presidential campaign . But the two grew close , cooperating on sanctions against Russia and launching negotiations on a transatlantic free-trade deal .
Merkel met Trump for the first time in March - an encounter closely watched by governments around the world for clues about the transatlantic alliance that helped shape the post-war global order that Trump was threatening to upend .
Trump and Merkel shook hands when they arrived at the White House but did not do so in the Oval Office where they frequently leaned towards them while they stared straight ahead .
The two leaders ' differing views on trade , Russia and immigration led to some uncomfortable moments at a joint news conference which ended oddly with a quip by Trump about wiretapping that left Merkel visibly bewildered .
But Trump has since praised the chemistry they have developed with Merkel and the two have spoken regularly on the telephone . They also invited Trump 's daughter Ivanka , an unpaid advisor to the president , to address a conference in Berlin .
`` When I visited them in Washington , we talked about trade agreements , '' Merkel said . `` The U.S. president is asking for fair conditions from their country 's point of view , and we 're naturally looking out for German and European interests . ''
In their weekly podcast on Saturday , Merkel rejected criticism from Trump over Germany 's perennially large trade surpluses .
`` It 's right indeed that we need to invest more at home , '' they said , adding their government has been doing that . `` But I 'd also like to say ... we 're proud that there is such strong demand around the world for our products . That 's our standard and many people are working very hard for that . ''
( Reporting by Erik Kirschbaum ; Editing by Ros Russell )
FRANKFURT , March 30 SMA Solar , Germany 's largest solar company , will propose a dividend of 0.26 euros ( $ 0.28 ) per share for 2016 , almost twice its payout for the previous year , but warned of a challenging year ahead due to increase pricing pressure .
Based on Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S estimates , SMA Solar was expected to pay a dividend of 0.23 euros per share . ( $ 1 = 0.9302 euros ) ( Reporting by Christoph Steitz ; Editing by Ludwig Burger )
San Diego AMA Recognized for Outstanding Growth and Performance in Membership , Programming , and Leadership
Contact
San Diego AMA
* * * @ sdama.org San Diego AMA
End
-- The San Diego chapter of the American Marketing Association is excited to announce its outstanding results in two recent international AMA competitions.For the fifth time in a row , San Diego AMA took first place among similarly-sized chapters in the international Fall Membership Acquisition Campaign while finishing third overall among all 74 AMA chapters regardless of size . The campaign measures new individual professional membership signups between September 12 and November 4 , 2016.And , among 76 international chapters in the annual Chapter Excellence Awards competition , San Diego AMA was was singled out for Special Merit awards in two key categories : • Programming : San Diego received recognition for hosting innovative events featuring meaningful relationship-building , high-value educational content , and high-profile brands and speakers.• Leadership : The chapter was noted for its accountability , volunteer engagement , and organizational efficiencies achieved in 2016 . `` Our volunteers are passionate about creating career-advancing opportunities for our members and these results reflect their successful efforts toward that goal , '' said San Diego AMA president David Palmer . `` Whether it 's staging premier educational and networking events or supporting a supportive , inclusive community of powerhouse San Diego marketers , , we ca n't thank our volunteers enough for embracing the challenge and giving so freely of their time and creativity . `` `` We 're also immensely grateful to our sponsors for enabling us to pursue our objectives , and to our members for engaging with San Diego AMA and with each other to make our community and events so enriching , '' Palmer continued . `` Being honored among our AMA peers is enabled by the collective contributions of the entire San Diego AMA ecosystem . `` The San Diego Chapter of the American Marketing Association ( AMA ) is the organization for high performing marketers who are serious about furthering their careers . San Diego AMA is the only education- and networking-focused organization that provides information , resources , international presence and valuable connections in a fun , approachable environment where its members can achieve their personal development goals.Mike Matamala , San Diego Chapter of the American Marketing AssociationEmail : mike.matamala @ sdama.org
Your news how you want it .
On the go and no time to finish that story right now ? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device . Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later .
The long wait ends : Lexus Manila has finally launched its flagship sports car , the LC 500 , months after the preview of its hybrid version in the 2016 Philippine International Motor Show .
Like the LFA and the Toyota 86 before it , the LC 500 was based from its concept model , the LF-LC , and spawned a production equivalent . Like the 86 , it was built for mass production .
“ The LC is more than just a dream come to life . Yes , the LC is an archetype of concept-to-reality . But beyond that , the LC is a symbol of change . A change that we hope is palpable as Lexus shifts from just a luxury automotive brand , to a luxury lifestyle brand , ” Toyota Motor Philippines Corp. president Satoru Suzuki told Fast Times .
Looking at the car , there still remains of the LF-LC concept car , from the headlights , the signature spindle grille , the side panels which evokes memories of the ultra-rare LFA , and the familiar rear lights , all combined in a sporty package . The power output also compliments the looks – with 471 hp revving to 7,100 rpm and 527 Newton-meters of torque from its 5.0-liter V8 that is also found in the IS F and the RC F , mated to a 10-speed automatic gearbox ( the most gears in its class ) , it can compete against its direct rival – the Mercedes-AMG GT . Even with the 2,028-kilogram curb weight , it can go from zero to 60 mph ( 96 kph ) in 4.4 seconds .
Multilink suspension systems are fitted front and back , and help the car sit low to the ground , as with any sports car . With four-wheel steering to boot , it can corner at faster speeds even with its heft . A video from AMCI Testing showed that it cornered faster than the more powerful Aston Martin DB11 .
Leather and Alcantara
Inside is awash with leather swathed in Alcantara trim , shaped in a sporty fashion . A display screen sits on the upper center of the console , and extends to the passenger side , showing an artificial carbon trim from the screen . While it may be a 2+2 GT car , getting at the back of the car can be a bit cumbersome , but the leathery comfort extends to the rear seats as well .
Newly appointed Lexus Manila president Raymond Rodriguez said that they will be selling the car in a regular basis .
“ It is our second halo car since the LFA , but unlike the LFA we think it 's a good time to make it available to the [ Philippine ] market . It is sporty , yet very comfortable , and we want the brand to emerge as not just a luxury brand but a lifestyle brand , ” Rodriguez told Fast Times .
They added they will not ship in its hybrid sibling , the LC 500h , as the country is yet to be ready for electric vehicles to enter the market .
The car will cost P8.888 million without options , and 15 units have been sold before launch . Rodriguez said Lexus will sell around three five units a month .
Rodriguez succeeded Danny Isla as president of Lexus Manila last January .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Asda is urgently recalling pork sausages - because of allergy fears .
C and K Meat 's Country Style Pork Sausages and Sage and Red Onion Pork Sausages have been recalled by the supermarket giant .
The move from the Walmart-owned retailer comes due to a labelling error .
Worryingly for shoppers , the sausages contain sulphur dioxide , which is not declared on the packaging .
While sulphur dioxide is used as a preservative in a wide range of foods , including sausages , it can cause an allergic reaction , especially to those with asthma - so needs to be included on the packaging 's label .
The products affected come with use by dates of March 18 , 21 and 23 .
C and K Meats has moved to assure customers that none of its other products are affected .
Customer who have the sausages at home should not eat the product and should return it to the shop they bought it for a full refund .
My driver Moutaz was upbeat during the drive from Beirut to Damascus . “ My brother 's son has come home after seven years in the army . I know of other soldiers also . Petrol is cheaper . The [ Syrian ] pound is 445 instead of 500 to the dollar . ”
Cars crept past the checkpoint at the entrance to the capital and we joined the flow of noon traffic along Mezze boulevard , through the tunnel and round the high spurting fountains of Umayyad Square .
“ Last Wednesday , this street was empty , ” said Moutaz as they turned in to the broad avenue leading to the elegant early 20th-century Hijaz railway station , its stained-glass windows glowing red and blue in the warm noon sun . “ All Damascus was empty . Shops and schools were closed . Mortars came . People were afraid . Two days later came the ceasefire . Next day all back to normal . ”
Vehicles swarmed the streets and pedestrians packed the pavement outside the post office and the old Umayyad Hotel , now a university , where Ahmad , bent over their kit , burnished a client 's shoes .
War and peace are switched off and on abruptly in the fratricidal and external proxy wars that have dealt death and destruction these seven long years .
While tens of thousands of fighters and civilians had been evacuated from Ghouta , residents of Damascus remained and regained 'normal ' , or 'war normal ' , lives
Since last December , Damascus had been regularly peppered by mortars and rockets from the countryside to the east , known as eastern Gouta , occupied since unrest began in 2011 by shifting coalitions of rebels and jihadis . Although declared a “ deconfliction ” or ceasefire zone by Russia , Iran and Turkey last May , an al-Qaeda offshoot , excluded from the truce , had repeatedly initiated attacks on the Syrian army and lobbed missiles into the capital .
Ceasefire agreement
Three other jihadi factions joined in , before the Syrian army launched an all-out offensive at the end of January , devastating the towns and villages in the Ghouta and killing up to 1,500 people . On March 23rd , Russia negotiated a ceasefire agreement with the second-largest jihadi faction providing for the surrender or evacuation of its fighters and their families . Subsequent deals with the other groups appeared to end the Ghouta conflict .
People walk in the recently recaptured Douma , on the outskirts of Damascus , Syria . Photograph : Youssef Badawi/EPA
When I arrived on March 27th , war planes no longer roared overhead en route to targets in Ghouta . Bombs on Ghouta and mortars on Damascus no longer killed and maimed civilians and damaged homes and public buildings . While tens of thousands of fighters and civilians had been evacuated from Ghouta , residents of Damascus remained and regained “ normal ” , or “ war normal ” , lives .
Off Halbouni street householders surrounded a bakery making fresh spinach , olive , cheese and meat pastries , placed their orders , and carried away large parcels of family favourites . The cashier had earned a master 's degree in business administration and said they were looking for another job . “ Now that we have peace in Damascus , I might be lucky . ”
If the dour jihadis in Ghouta nearby had won , there would be no modish clothing for girls and women , no joyful celebrations , and neither Catholic nor Orthodox Easters
Students flocked to nearby Damascus university . A few paused to check out secondhand books displayed on the iron spike fence surrounding the military museum or stopped to buy juice or crisps from a kiosk on the corner near the tourism ministry .
Slender rays
Shoppers crowded the broad , cobbled street of Souq al-Hamidiyah ; slender rays of sunlight streamed in through holes in the arched metal roof erected at the end of the 19th century . Young Muslim girls , wearing headscarves or not , short jackets and skin-tight trousers chatted volubly with elders in voluminous black cloaks , both sides unfazed by the generation gap between conservative cover-up and 21st-century styles .
In the Old City 's Christian quarter on the western Easter and eastern Palm Sunday , women and teenage girls attended church in too-small dresses and too-short miniskirts , fashionable in the West decades ago . A marching band turned off the Street Called Straight and entered the courtyard of Mariamia church , festooned with palms .
If the dour jihadis in Ghouta nearby had won , there would be no modish clothing for girls and women , no joyful celebrations , and neither Catholic nor Orthodox Easters .
Peace did not last . Although 40,000 civilians had returned to towns and villages in the southern of Ghouta evacuated by three armed groups , Jaish al-Islam , the largest , refused to leave . The army resumed its offensive , mortars fell on Damascus , people hunkered down in their homes and waited .
The military was accused of using chemical weapons . Damascenes feared large-scale western retaliation . When on April 14th , the US , UK and France carried out measured strikes on three sites said to be related to Syria 's chemical weapons programme , Damascenes sighed in relief and switched to “ normal ” mode . This time the shift from war to peace took only three or four hours . Syrians never know what next to expect but yearn for peace .
The Disney chief executive expressed their support following Roseanne Barr 's Tweets about a former Obama staffer .
US President Donald Trump has reacted to TV network ABC 's decision to cancel Roseanne Barr 's sitcom after they compared former Barack Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett to an ape .
Responding to comments by the chief executive of Disney , which owns ABC , supporting the decision to halt the show , President Trump wrote : “ Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that ‘ ABC does not tolerate comments like those ' made by Roseanne Barr .
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ ABC does not tolerate comments like those ” made by Roseanne Barr . Gee , they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC . Maybe I just did n't get the call ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
“ Gee , they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC .
“ Maybe I just did n't get the call ? ”
ABC halted its revival of comedy series Roseanne after Barr described Jarrett , who was born in Iran to American parents , as the “ baby ” of the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet Of The Apes .
Following Barr 's Tweets , ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said : “ Roseanne 's Twitter statement is abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values , and we have decided to cancel them show . ”
Dungey 's remarks received the backing of Iger , who said following their announcement : “ There was only one thing to do here , and that was the right thing . ”
From Channing Dungey , President of ABC Entertainment : `` Roseanne 's Twitter statement is abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values , and we have decided to cancel their show . `` There was only one thing to do here , and that was the right thing . — Robert Iger ( @ RobertIger ) May 29 , 2018
In March , Barr revealed President Trump had congratulated them after the first episode of Roseanne since 1997 was watched by an estimated 18.4 million viewers .
Barr has been a vocal supporter of the President and told ABC 's Good Morning America : “ I 've known them for many years and he 's done a lot of nice things for me over the years . ”
© Press Association 2018
Video
Protective goggles are being used by police helicopter crews to defend themselves against any potential laser attacks .
The National Police Air Service ( NPAS ) for England and Wales , which is based in Wakefield , said a number of missions had been called off as crews were repeatedly targeted from the ground by people shining powerful lights into the cockpit .
According to the service , laser attacks on police helicopter crews have been decreasing since 2015 when there were 103 incidents . In 2016 , this dropped to 70 attacks and last year there were 67 .
Shining a light into an aircraft has been a criminal offence since 2010 .
The nominees were announced from Beverly Hills after still-burning fires ravaged Southern California for the past week .
Guillermo del Toro 's Cold War-era , Canadian-shot fairytale “ The Shape of Water ” swam away with a leading seven Golden Globe nominations Monday , while the Canadian-directed HBO drama “ Big Little Lies ” led the television categories with six nods .
In what 's been seen as a wide-open Oscar race so far , several films followed closely behind “ The Shape of Water , ” including Steven Spielberg 's Pentagon Papers drama “ The Post , ” with six nominations , including the best actor for Meryl Streep and best actor for Tom Hanks . Martin McDonagh 's revenge drama “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ” also got a major boost in the nominations announced Monday in Beverly Hills , California , with six nods , including the best actor for Frances McDormand and supporting actor for Sam Rockwell .
But as the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood 's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape , the Globes also enthusiastically supported Ridley Scott 's J. Paul Getty drama “ All the Money in the World. ” Acclaimed Canadian actor Christopher Plummer , who replaced Kevin Spacey in the film just last month , was nominated for best supporting actor . Scott was also nominated for best director and Michelle Williams for best actor .
A rough cut of the film was screened for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , which puts on the Globes . Scott is quickly reediting the movie to eradicate Spacey , who has been accused of sexual misconduct by numerous men .
The nominees for best picture drama are : the tender young romance “ Call Me By Your Name , ” Christopher Nolan 's World War II epic “ Dunkirk , ” ” The Post , ” ” The Shape of Water ” and “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri . ”
“ The Shape of Water ” was shot in Toronto and Hamilton .
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are : James Franco 's “ The Disaster Artist , ” Jordan Peele 's horror sensation “ Get Out , ” Greta Gerwig 's coming-of-age tale “ Lady Bird , ” the upcoming musical “ The Greatest Showman , ” and the Tonya Harding comic-drama “ I , Tonya . ”
Despite considerable backlash , “ Get Out ” ended up on the comedy side of the Globes . It was submitted that way by Universal Pictures . Peele themselves slyly commented on the controversy , calling their social critique of latent racism “ a documentary. ” Though the Globes passed over Peele 's script , newcomer Daniel Kaluuya was nominated for best actor in a comedy .
Though some predicted and feared an acting field lacking diversity , the nominees were fairly inclusive . Denzel Washington ( “ Roman J. Israel , Esq. ” ) , Mary J. Blige ( “ Mudbound ” ) , Hong Chau ( “ Downsizing ” ) and Octavia Spencer ( “ The Shape of Water ” ) were among the 30 film acting nominees .
In the television categories , the Emmy-winning “ Big Little Lies , ” which is directed by Montreal 's Jean-Marc Vallee , earned a number of acting nods ( Nicole Kidman , Reese Witherspoon , Shailene Woodley , Alexander Skarsgard ) as well as best limited series . ( HBO recently announced a second season for “ Big Little Lies , ” which will change its category in other awards shows . )
Other nominees with Canadian connections include Toronto-born “ Will and Grace ” star Eric McCormack for best actor in a musical or comedy series , the Canadian co-production “ The Breadwinner ” for best animated film and the Alberta-shot series “ Fargo ” for TV 's best limited series or motion picture . “ The Handmaid 's Tale , ” based on Canadian author Margaret Atwood 's acclaimed novel , also received several nominations , including the best television drama .
FX 's Bette Davis and Joan Crawford chronicle “ Feud : Bette and Joan ” landed four nominations , including nods for Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon . Amazon 's just-debuted “ The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel ” scored several nods , including the best comedy series . Also with numerous nominations were Netflix 's “ Stranger Things , ” and NBC 's “ This Is Us . ”
Left out were frequent Globes-nominees “ House of Cards ” and “ Transparent , ” two of the TV affected by the cascading fallout of sexual harassment allegations in the wake of Harvey Weinstein 's ouster . It 's been an omnipresent component of this year 's awards season , including Monday . As usual , the nominations were partly announced on NBC 's “ Today ” show , where Matt Lauer was recent fired following allegations of sexual misconduct .
Gary Oldman , nominated for best actor for their Winston Churchill in “ Darkest Hour , ” said it 's cast an unusual pall over the season .
“ How should we celebrate ? Well , I do n't think any of it 's funny , so I guess that people will stay away from it in the ceremony , ” said Oldman by phone Monday . “ It 's evolution , and it 's good that we sort of start to check ourselves about what we do and what we say and how we do it and how we say it to people , so I think it 's ultimately a good thing . But I ca n't see too much of this coming up in ( the show ) , up there on the platform , as it were , on the podium . It 's not something to joke about , I do n't think . ”
The nominees were announced from Beverly Hills after still-burning fires ravaged Southern California for the past week . The Thomas Fire has destroyed some 790 structures and forced thousands to evacuate their homes , with the blazes even entering the nearby neighbourhood of Bel Air .
The Globes have n't traditionally predicted the Oscars , but they did last January . The Globes best-picture winners — “ Moonlight ” and “ La La Land ” — both ultimately ended up on the stage for the final award of the Oscars , with “ Moonlight ” emerging victorious only after the infamous envelope flub . The press association , which has worked in recent years to curtail its reputation for odd choices , is composed of approximately 90 freelance international journalists .
The last Globes broadcast , hosted by Jimmy Fallon , averaged 20 million viewers , an upswing of 8 per cent , according to Nielsen . This year , Fallon 's NBC late-night partner , Seth Meyers , will host the January 7 ceremony .
No Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement recipient has yet been chosen . Last year 's honoree , Streep , spoke forcefully against the then President-elect Donald Trump , shortly before their inauguration , leading them to criticize the actor as “ overrated. ” This year , they — along with Spielberg and Hanks — return with a pointed and timely drama , “ The Post , ” about the power of the press to counter lies emanating from the White House .
___
Associated Press writers Lindsey Bahr and Sandy Cohen , and The Canadian Press contributed to this report from Los Angeles .
Jake Coyle , The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
* S & P , Dow set for best 1st-qtr since 2013
* FMC jumps on asset deal with DuPont
* Indexes down : Dow 0.15 pct , S & P 0.14 pct , Nasdaq 0.16 pct ( Updates to open )
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
March 31 U.S. stocks were slightly lower on Friday , dragged down by technology stocks as investors locked in gains of what is likely to be Wall Street 's strongest first-quarter performance in four years .
A raft of strong economic data and the possibility of fiscal stimulus under President Donald Trump have driven U.S. equities to record highs since their election .
The S & P is on track to gain 5.8 percent and the Dow 4.9 percent for the first quarter ending Friday , their biggest quarterly gains since 2013 .
The S & P technology index , which has outperformed other sectors with a 12 percent gain during the quarter , was off 0.2 percent .
Financials were down 0.44 percent . The sector has risen the most in the post-election rally .
`` It 's been a decent start to the quarter for stocks , and so far the market has navigated a somewhat uncertain terrain with grace , '' said Adam Sarhan , chief executive officer at 50 Park Investments in Florida .
`` It 's perfectly normal on the last day of the quarter and the last day of the month to see some profit taking , especially after a strong run . ''
A Commerce Department report showed U.S. consumer spending barely rose in February , but also pointed to the biggest annual increase in inflation in nearly five years .
At 9:39 a.m . ET ( 1339 GMT ) , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 32.07 points , or 0.15 percent , at 20,696.42 , the S & P 500 was down 3.4 points , or 0.14 percent , at 2,364.66 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 9.58 points , or 0.16 percent , at 5,904.77 .
As stocks continue to rise , investors are looking to the first-quarter earnings season to justify Wall Street 's lofty valuations .
The S & P is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15 , according to Thomson Reuters data .
Nine of the 11 major S & P sectors were lower .
Shares of FMC Corp were the biggest gainers on the S & P , up 14.7 percent after the company agreed to buy DuPont 's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont . DuPont 's shares were down 0.6 percent
Amazon.com was the top stock on the S & P and the Nasdaq , with a 0.5 percent gain .
U.S.-listed shares of Blackberry were up 12.5 percent at $ 7.83 after the company reported fourth-quarter profit above expectations and said it expected to be profitable on an adjusted basis in 2018 .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,349 to 1,119 . On the Nasdaq , 1,327 issues fell and 810 advanced .
The S & P 500 index showed 2 new 52-week highs and one new low , while the Nasdaq recorded 21 new highs and one new lows . ( Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Anil D'Silva )
Rebel Networks continues to expand with new Data Center in Mississauga
Contact
Domenic Macchione
* * * @ rebelnetworks.net Domenic Macchione
End
-- Rebel Networks today announced that it would be adding a second data center in the Greater Toronto Area ( GTA ) . Currently Rebel Networks main data center is located at 151 Front Street , Toronto on the 8Floor . The new facility will be located in Mississauga and will house a secondary backup server farm , as well as a new managed cloud pool . The facility with have multi strand fiber , clean power from multiple grids , as well as backup generators . Rebel Networks will open the new facility for customers starting on September 1 , 2017 . It will offer all the same services that are available at 151 Front . Street.Rebel Networks is a leading provider of outsourced Managed cloud solutions such as Cloud Hosting , VPS Hosting , Virtual and Dedicated Servers , Both with full managed and self-managed options . Rebel Networks also provides cloud back up and file sharing services , cloud shared hosting , as well as advanced DNS services . Rebel Networks deploys secure , scalable , high performance business solutions to customers ranging from small , emerging businesses , to large , enterprise corporations . For more information visit : www.REBELNETWORKS.com
End
-- Wash Ninja® , Masters in Green Care , has been selected and accepted an invitation to participate in the One Spark Festival on April 6 & 7 , 2018 at Daily 's Place Amphitheater at EverBank Field in downtown Jacksonville , Florida . The fast startup specializes in professional eco-friendly waterless automotive detailing services , car care protection , and waterless car wash + wax products available on Amazon . Based out of Jacksonville , Wash Ninja® has created a space for eco-friendly car care detailing services and non-toxic biodegradable waterless wash products.One Spark is the world 's largest idea festival . The One Spark festival provides a perfect platform for entrepreneurs and innovators to put their ideas in front of thousands of people , validate it , receive feedback , and interest . Approximately 320,000 people in 2015 attended One Spark in Jacksonville , FL . One Spark selects approximately 150 companies to share and showcase their ideas and businesses with the community . Entrepreneurs , inventors , creative thinkers , and innovators called `` creators '' display projects in various categories for attendees . One Spark offers opportunities for crowdfunding , connections with investors , venture capital , and lots of fun.The One Spark festival features competitions for creators to compete in that include the Spark Tank Competition and People 's Choice Awards . Innovators have the ability create a connection between themselves and the world.Wash Ninja® started their hose-free mission 24 months ago before quickly growing to become the # 1 waterless wash automotive detailing service and product startup in the Jacksonville , FL area , and recently begun taking their services and putting them into products . Wash Ninja® wash approved late last year to launch their products in the highly selective automotive category on the # 1 ecommerce website , Amazon . Wash Ninja® products have been tested and proven on over 450 vehicles since inception delivering consistent 5-star reviews.Wash Ninja® was honored in early 2018 with the Official Prestigious Yelp Award for consistent service fsbdt delivering the highest ratings possible . The company saves up to 70,000 gallons of water per year with green-friendly car detailing services using no trucks , trailers , or large water tanks . The company is very active on social media reaching nearly 75,000 social media followers . Wash Ninja® ranks as a Top 20 Account based on followers in Jacksonville , FL.Wash Ninja® is honored to be part of One Spark Festival on April 6 & 7 , 2018 at Daily 's Place Amphitheater at EverBank Field in downtown Jacksonville , Florida . Visit the full press room on the Wash Ninja® website at www.wash.ninja to learn more.About Wash Ninja , Inc.Wash Ninja® provides premium eco-friendly waterless car wash products and professional automotive detailing services with zero waste delivering the finest results .
BRIEF-Jiayuan International Group updates on contracted sales for Month of May
* For period from 1 May 2017 to 31 May 2017 contracted sales of group was approximately RMB699.0 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Kevin Spacey stole the show as they sang , danced and impersonated their way throughout hosting the Tony Awards , where Dear Evan Hansen romped home with six accolades .
The House Of Cards star , themselves a Tony and double Oscar winner , tap-danced in a tuxedo , performed homages to top nominations and closed the show with a powerful duet .
Kevin Spacey performs at the 71st annual Tony Awards ( AP )
They also mimicked Bill Clinton during the 71st annual Broadway awards at New York City 's Radio City Music Hall on Sunday .
Award presenter Stephen Colbert got political too , taking on Donald Trump by likening their presidency to a revival of a 1980s off-Broadway show with `` huge production values '' .
`` A couple of problems : main character is totally unbelievable and the hair and make-up - yeesh , no , '' the host of The Late Show said .
`` This DC productions is supposed to have a four-year run but reviews have not been kind - could close early , we do n't know . ''
Dear Evan Hansen , a show that centres on a lonely teenager who fabricates a former friendship with a classmate who killed himself , won the best musical as well as the best musical actor with Ben Platt and Rachel Bay Jones , who scooped the best actor in a featured role .
It also won best score when the song-writing duo Benj Pasek and Justin Paul added the Tony to their trophy cabinet which contains their recent Oscar for the City Of Stars song from La La Land .
Veteran Bette Midler won their second Tony with the best actor in a musical for their role in Hello , Dolly ! , which won four prizes .
The producers made an attempt to cut their lengthy speech off by drowning them out with music . But they persisted and outlived the track .
Then Spacey , returning to the stage as House Of Cards character Frank Underwood , told their on-screen wife Robin Wright that they should go .
`` I want to get the hell out of here before Bette Midler thanks anyone else , '' they quipped .
Best play went to Oslo , a three-hour show about diplomatic meetings between Israel and Palestine which will head to London in September .
The top prizes for leading actor and actor in a play went to Present Laughter actor Kevin Kline and A Doll 's House , Part 2 's Laurie Metcalf , who beat Cate Blanchett .
Britons were awarded with some of the smaller prizes on the night with Nigel Hook winning best scenic designer and Gareth Fry and Pete Malkin winning a special award for sound design .
UK star Cynthia Erivo , who won the Tony for best performance by a lead actor last year , returned to present an award alongside John Legend .
COLOMBO , April 3 Sri Lankan shares closed at their highest in more than three weeks on Monday , rising for a fifth straight session as foreign buying boosted sentiment while block deals pushed the day 's turnover , stockbrokers said .
The Colombo stock index ended 0.3 percent firmer at 6,080.01 , its highest close since March 10 . The index rose 1.1 percent last week , posting its first weekly gain in six .
`` Though retail investors are still on sidelines , the good thing is foreigners and high net worth investors are grabbing the opportunity and buying , '' said Yohan Samarakkody , head of research at SC Securities .
Foreign investors net bought shares worth 67 million rupees ( $ 441,845 ) on Monday , raising the year-to-date net foreign inflow to 5.7 billion rupees in equities .
Turnover stood at 1 billion rupees , well above this year 's daily average of 734.9 million rupees .
Shares of conglomerate John Keells Holdings Plc jumped 1.6 percent , while Commercial Leasing and Finance Plc rose 3.8 percent .
Aitken Spence and Company Plc ended 5 percent up and biggest listed lender Commercial Bank of Ceylon Plc climbed 0.8 percent . ( $ 1 = 151.7500 Sri Lankan rupees ) ( Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez ; Editing by Sunil Nair )
LONDON , April 12 Here are six memorable matches between Manchester United and Chelsea :
Chelsea 5 Manchester United 6 – First Division , Oct 1954
It is not often that a cattle farmer scores a second-half hat-trick on debut and still ends up on the losing side but such was the fate of Seamus O'Connell , one of two amateurs in the Chelsea side . United 's Dennis Viollet also bagged three , with Tommy Taylor ( 2 ) and Jackie Blanchflower also on the mark for the visitors as the nascent Busby Babes showed their potential . But Chelsea still ended the season champions for the first time .
Manchester United 0 Chelsea 4 - First Division , Aug 1968
Talk about a European Cup hangover ! After beating Benfica to win the trophy for the first time , United suffered a disastrous start to the new season . Chelsea , for whom Ron Harris and Eddie McCreadie proved uncompromising forces on the day , never looked like losing from the moment Tommy Baldwin poached a 40-second lead . By halftime , Bobby Tambling and Baldwin again had made it three , with Alan Birchenall completing the rout . Within months , manager Matt Busby was gone and United was heading for nine long years without a trophy .
Chelsea 3 Manchester United 5 - FA Cup , Jan 1998 With 16 minutes remaining , this game had become an embarrassment for Chelsea . Two first-half goals from David Beckham , including a trademark free-kick , and another double from Andy Cole put United on their way before Teddy Sheringham gave them the high five . But with United coasting , Chelsea began an astonishing comeback that saw Graeme Le Saux and sub Gianluca Vialli score two soft goals . When Gary Pallister gifted Vialli a second with a ridiculous backpass , United were in meltdown and grimly hanging on .
Chelsea 5-0 Manchester United - Premier League , Oct 1999
Jose Mourinho 's United are 21 league games unbeaten but Sir Alex Ferguson 's treble-winners were on a 29-match unbeaten run when they were trounced to Stamford Bridge . But they did n't help themselves , with Massimo Taibi making a hash of the Gus Poyet 's opener after just 27 seconds , Nickly Butt sent off for kicking Dennis Wise in front of the referee and Henning Berg scoring an own goal . Chris Sutton scored their first-ever Chelsea goal , with Poyet again and Jody Morris completing the rout . Unsurprisingly , Taibi never played for United again .
Manchester United 1 Chelsea 1 – Champions League final , May 2008
Back in the days when English teams reached the Champions League final , these two could not be separated after 120 minutes on a rainy night in Moscow . Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo and Frank Lampard took the game into extra time when Didier Drogba was sent off . A shootout ensued with John Terry and Nicolas Anelka missing their kicks . Nine years on , Terry says the horror of their slip on approach still wakes them at night .
Chelsea 2 Manchester United 3 - Premier league , Oct 2012
This was the game that took Blues supporters on an unwanted rollercoaster with a comeback from two down followed by two Chelsea sendings off and an offside winner for United . David Luiz had begun the fun with an own goal before Robin van Persie showed why United had just signed him . Chelsea 's Juan Mata and Ramires levelled before the referee got their cards out , first sending off Branislav Ivanovic for a second yellow and then Fernando Torres for diving even though Jonny Evans had kicked him . By the time Javier Hernandez converted United 's winner from an offside position , Chelsea boss Roberto di Matteo was apoplectic . `` It was a good game of football with two good teams and the officials ruined it , '' they moaned . ( Reporting by Neil Robinson ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
By Esther Onyegbula
Lagos—THE Inspector-General of Police ( I-G ) , Mr Ibrahim Idris has pledged commitment to the welfare of the officers and men by repositioning the Police Cooperatives Society to meet their needs .
Idris , who is the President of the society spoke in Lagos during the 26th Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) of the Nigeria Police Cooperative Multi-Purpose Society Limited in Ikeja .
According to him , the society would be re-engineered to perform its core mandate of promoting the social-economic well- being of police personnel by providing platform for seamless accessibility to revolving loans , sales of goods at affordable prices .
Idris , represented by the Deputy Inspector-General of Police , DIG , Valentine Ntomchukwu , said police personnel should also access cars and motorcycles loans , including affordable houses , among others .
They urged them to embrace voluntary contribution through thrift and savings , stressing that the Society was a positive catalyst in driving home their passion in alleviating the welfare of Police personnel through numerous welfare-oriented programmes .
Chairman , Board of Directors of the society , Mr Abdullahi Fagge , an Assistant Inspector-General of Police , AIG , affirmed that their team had engaged in reformation and turnaround of the Police Cooperatives .
Mr. Sholla David , Commissioner of Police and Executive Secretary in charge of the Society , assured that the management of the society would continue to strive to improve and provide superior services . .
April 3 Neinor Homes SLU
* Says closed the purchase , on March 31 , of a finalist ground range in Valencia with a buildable area of almost 7000 m2 , able to build 54 residences
* Says ends first quarter 2017 with purchases worth a total of 51.5 million euros ( $ 54.9 million ) , with allow to build more than 700 residences in almost 90,000 m2 Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9376 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Photo : Paul Abell / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
The-Dream has shared a new birthday gift in honor of their debut album , Love Hate .
Related : Ty Dolla $ ign Drops ‘ Love U Better ' Featuring Lil Wayne & The-Dream
The song is “ It 's Yo Birthday , ” released to celebrate the ten-year anniversary of their full-length debut , which dropped on Dec. 11 , 2007 .
“ Love Hate Changed Everything ! , ” The-Dream shared on Instagram . “ Like it or Not ! ”
Listen to new track , “ It 's Yo Birthday , ” which contains explicit lyrics , now at Radio.com .
SHARIFF AGUAK , Maguindanao : The Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF ) has enjoined the government to observe security protocols or the 1997 Agreement on General Cessation of Hostilities concerning police actions against rebels .
It also urged the government to investigate allegedly unilateral police actions against the rebels supposedly covered by security protocols forged by the government and the MILF .
The calls were made after the 1-Bangsamoro Movement ( 1-Bangsa ) , a Moro civil society organization , condemned the killing of Ustadz Mohaimen Abo , younger brother of MILF first Vice Chairman Gadzali Jaafar .
The MILF hierarchy is concerned about the killing of Abo , charged with kidnap-for-ransom , murder , frustrated murder and homicide in Central Mindanao .
The Philippine National Police ( PNP ) , however , said it was a legitimate police action .
Maguindanao provincial police director and Senior Supt . Agustin Tello said agents who tried to arrest Abo in Sultan Kudarat town last week were forced to neutralize them when they resisted and tried to shoot the arresting officers .
Sammy Al-Mansour , chief of the MILF 's Bangsamoro Islamic Armed Forces ( BIAF ) said , “ We strongly request the Government of the Philippines , particularly the OPAPP [ Office of the Presidential Adviser on the Peace Process ] , to look seriously and urgently into these alarming actions of the PNP . These police operations might negatively affect the peace process . ”
Jaafar , also the chairperson of the Bangsamoro Transition Commission , earlier told reporters their brother was shot dead for refusing to surrender to police officers serving them a warrant for their arrest .
“ As in the alarming situation at present , raids of the PNP [ on ] BIAF members , if left unabated , may escalate tension and spark violent armed encounters , ” Al-Mansour said .
They added that law enforcement operations in areas where rebel forces are holding out are supposedly a mutual joint initiative of the government and the MILF , based on all security agreements crafted by both sides .
Al-Mansour said efforts to address security issues in areas covered by their 1997 agreement are governed by bilateral coordination protocols .
“ As a matter of record , when the coordination mechanisms were faithfully observed , peace and order was maintained on the ground . If not , as in the case of the Mamasapano encounter , armed clashes eventually happened and put at risk the gains of the peace process , ” they added .
Al-Mansour asked Presidential Adviser on the Peace Process Jesus Dureza to look into the issue to prevent adverse implications to the current government-MILF peace process .
Share
It looks like Apple is preparing to launch yet another watch face for the Apple Watch . A beta version of iOS 11.3 suggested that Apple would launch a special pride watch , and now with the release of iOS 11.4 , the release of that face has been confirmed , according to a report from 9to5Mac .
The new version of iOS notes that the watch face is “ inspired by the rainbow flag , ” and it basically shows threads of color that move across the screen when you tap it . As you would expect , there is also a placeholder image for the face , which you will see when you scroll through the different watch faces you can choose from . 9to5Mac was also able to find videos showing off what happens when you touch the watch face .
Of course , the Monday , June 4 , release date is notable . Why ? Well , it happens to be the same day of the keynote for Apple 's Worldwide Developer Conference . In other words , we 're expecting that the watch face will be announced on stage at the show . As 9to5Mac notes , the watch face can be enabled before the show by heading to Settings , General , then Date & Time . Then , turn off the option to automatically set the date and time and change the date to any day after June 4 . You may want to simply wait though — changing the date and time can result in lost health data .
WWDC is set to be home to a ton more than just an Apple Watch watch face . We 're almost certain that Apple will launch refreshed versions of its software for Mac , iPhone , and Apple Watch . Apart from that , we 're also expecting to see a refreshed MacBook Pro , and Apple may end up using the event to refresh other Mac computers too .
The timing of the watch face also makes sense considering the fact that June is Pride Month .
The face will join a host of watch faces on the Apple Watch , and the selection is only growing . Perhaps most notable is Apple 's partnership with Disney , which has given rise to a pretty large selection of Disney-related watch faces , including Mickey and Minnie Mouse .
Hoots & Hisses
Contact
Holly Boldrin , APR , CPRC , Priority Marketing
239-267-2638 , mediarelations @ prioritymarketing.com
* * * @ prioritymarketing.com Holly Boldrin , APR , CPRC , Priority Marketing239-267-2638 , mediarelations @ prioritymarketing.com
End
-- Eco-friendly Halloween happenings are creeping up at the Conservancy of Southwest Florida during its annual Hoots & Hisses event , to be held from 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on Saturday , Oct. 28 , at the Conservancy Nature Center . The family-friendly Halloween event will feature a variety of fun and educational experiences for all ages.In addition to the many interactive exhibits , features and amenities offered at the Conservancy Nature Center , the Hoots & Hisses event will offer Halloween-themed activities , including a Super Science Show by Glen Beitmen of Super Science and Amazing Art , a Creepy Creature Show animal presentation , a spooky scavenger hunt , face painting , animal encounters , Halloween crafts and games , food and an apple cider station , trail walks and creepy crawly activities throughout the Conservancy Nature Center . Guests are invited to get into the Halloween spirit and show off their cutest or spookiest costumes for a chance to participate in a costume contest.To learn more about this year 's Hoots & Hisses event , visit www.conservancy.org/ hoots-and-hisses The Conservancy of Southwest Florida ( http : //www.conservancy.org/ ) is a not-for-profit environmental protection organization with a 50-year wcj history focused on the issues impacting the water , land wildlife and future of Collier , Lee , Charlotte , Hendry and Glades counties . The Conservancy accomplishes this mission through the combined efforts of its experts in the areas of environmental science , policy , education and wildlife rehabilitation . The Conservancy of Southwest Florida , world-class Nature Center ( http : //www.conservancy.org/nature-center ) and von Arx Wildlife Hospital ( http : //www.conservancy.org/von-Arx-Wildlife-Hospital ) are headquartered in Naples , Florida , 1495 Smith Preserve Way , south of the Naples Zoo off Goodlette-Frank Road . Learn more about the Conservancy 's work and how to support ( http : //www.conservancy.org/support-us ) the quality of life in Southwest Florida www.conservancy.org .
SPECIALTY stores operator SSI Group , Inc. saw its net income rise 14 percent in the first half to P274 million . Core recurring income , excluding one-time write-offs , was at P327 million or 13 percent higher year-on-year while revenues for the first half were at P8.4 billion . “ Our first half results reflect resilient consumer demand as well as the execution of strategies , ” SSI President Anthony Huang told the Philippine Stock Exchange on Monday .
May 2 Hca Holdings Inc
* Hca holdings ceo says actively engaged in discussions with policymakers in washington about health care reform - conf call
* Hca holdings says `` growth in overall commercial demand in our market has been slowing as compared to strong growth in 2014 through q1 of 2016 ''
* Hca holdings says `` softness in commercial volumes , we believe , is the impact of competitive pressures '' - conf call
* Hca holdings says `` we 'll see if we can continue to achieve some opportunities for growth through acquisitions ... It 's more active than say over past couple of years '' Further company coverage :
Contact
Kim Crabtree
* * * @ metaops.com Kim Crabtree
End
-- MetaExperts™parent company , MetaOps , Inc. , has developed one of the most extensive and innovative Operational Excellence best practice information centers , and are now making its most essential tools , tactics and tips available to business leaders on demand . The second in a limitless series of must-have tools is titled a Go/No Go Assessment tool , designed to help executives get 100 % confident before starting a major initiative , minor project , new contract and/or hiring new talent . It is absolutely free , with no strings attached , here : https : //results.metaexperts.com/go-no-go-assessment/This invaluable four-part tool includes : ·A spreadsheet based tool you can use every time you consider an improvement project ( or any initiative ) .·An instruction aid : The quick-access guide to how to optimally use the electronic tool.·A 30 Minute webinar describing how to pick the right projects and overcome the barriers to funding.·Plus , a no-cost , 30-minute free Strategy Session with Ron Crabtree - www.linkedin.com/in/roncrabtree who will personally help you strategize to turn the `` NO GO '' into `` GO '' .MetaOps , Inc. CEO Ron Crabtree explains why he 's created this free executive tool : `` As leaders , we all have so many important things we just must get done in business , but there are always resource constraints , and degrees of confusion about what the outcome ROI will really look like . This easy-to-use , 10 question tools takes that guesswork away . Properly completed , whether you should launch into an initiative right now , or hold off , will be crystal clear . `` MetaExperts™are extreme Operational Excellence ( OpEx ) talent on-deck consulting , training , and get-it-done partners . MetaExperts™is not a consulting company , but a global network of OpEx deployment experts and resources for flexible , on-demand short-term contract or contract-to-hire needs . MetaExperts™align with your industry and OpEx initiatives ( i.e . successes in Lean , Business Process Improvement , change management , etc . ) , and are vetted through our unique 300+ Screening and Evaluation Process that thoroughly shakes out each contender 's skill-set , tool-kits and experience . Download all these great tools by following LinkedIn showcase page here : http : //bit.ly/ 2qlnzrW
A photo provided by the United States Army of the Army Honor Guard conducting the funeral of Staff Sgt . Bryan Black , of Puyallup , one of four American soldiers killed during an ambush in Niger , at the Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington , Va. Pentagon leaders are said to be troubled by draft conclusions of an inquiry that blames low-level officers in the ambush . Elizabeth Fraser United States Army
NEW YORK/MONTREAL Shares of railroad operator CSX Corp ( CSX.O ) soared more than 7 percent on Thursday to a record high , after the company reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and its new chief executive officer outlined plans to improve margins and cut costs , including job reductions .
Jacksonville-headquartered CSX forecast a 25 percent rise in earnings per share for the year above $ 1.81 in 2016 .
CEO Hunter Harrison told analysts they expect to see attrition between 8.5 percent and 9 percent , but did not give further details . They noted , however , that the plan includes employees , contractors , consultants , `` all of the above . ''
Harrison is an industry veteran who previously improved profits and the operating ratio , a key metric of efficiency , at the helm of Canada 's two largest railroads . They joined CSX in March , following a deal reached with investor and activist hedge fund Mantle Ridge LP .
CSX said on Wednesday its quarterly net profit gains were driven by rising freight , including a 3 percent increase in coal during the first three months of 2017 after two years of declining coal volumes .
But Harrison stressed in an interview on Thursday that CSX is not counting on improved economic conditions or a rebound in coal to achieve its guidance .
`` These results do n't depend on some big bounce back in coal , '' they said by phone from Jacksonville .
Harrison , who left Canadian Pacific Railroad Ltd ( CP.TO ) [ CPLTD.UL ] in January , said there could be `` win-win '' opportunities to improve service around the congested Chicago hub through collaboration with another railway , a message conveyed separately by CP 's current CEO Keith Creel on Wednesday evening .
Since taking the reins at CSX , Harrison said they have not `` officially '' discussed any potential opportunities for Chicago with Creel .
Earlier Thursday , Harrison told analysts that the No . 3 U.S. railroad also plans to bring 250 to 300 jobs it has in India to the United States .
CSX announced a new share repurchase program and said it expects record efficiency gains on its way to a full-year 2017 operating ratio in the mid-60s .
They also said an operating ratio in the low 60s by 2018 is possible , albeit not a formal target , for the Florida-headquartered company . The lower the ratio , which measures operating costs as a percentage of revenue , the more efficient the railroad .
The company 's stock hit a life high of $ 51.28 in early trading on Thursday and was up 5.8 percent at $ 49.67 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq .
( Reporting by Luciana Lopez in New York , additional reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal ; editing by Dan Grebler and Lisa Shumaker )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts , part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights .
The bill , similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin , is high on the state 's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor 's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years .
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance , seniority and extra pay . The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike . And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues .
Public safety employees , such as law enforcement officers , would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill . Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions .
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation , teachers , teamsters , firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night , breaking into chants of `` Kill the bill . ''
`` Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights ! '' shouted Becky Pringle , of the National Education Association , to the crowd from atop a folding chair .
The state 's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure , which is expected to last several days .
`` This is a major change and policy shift , '' said state Sen. Nate Boulton , a Democrat . `` It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process . ''
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities .
`` Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we do n't get anything done , '' said state Rep. Steve Holt , a Republican . `` So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government . ''
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill , but only 33 got the chance . State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said they left their previous job , which paid well , for the better benefits that state employees receive .
If the bill becomes law , the risks of working in a prison are `` no longer worth it , '' said Herron . `` You may think that 's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there . ''
Herron said they were upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall . `` If this bill passes , do n't think in 2018 I 'm going to forget what you 've done to my family . ''
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill , including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity , the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 billion a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the co-working space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
US president Donald Trump waded into the uproar over Roseanne Barr 's racist tweet , complaining that an ABC TV executive who apologised for the comments had turned a deaf ear to criticism of them broadcast by the network .
Barr sparked widespread anger with a tweet comparing Valerie Jarrett , an adviser to former president Barack Obama , to an ape . Barr wrote in a now-deleted message , in reference to the Islamist political movement , “ muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj . ”
The real Roseanne : the tweet that led ABC to cancel Roseanne Barr 's rebooted sitcom
The tweet led Walt Disney Co 's ABC network to cancel its hit revival of their Roseanne sitcom . Mr Trump has cited the popularity of the programme as evidence that their supporters , who include Barr , want shows that speak to their concerns .
Ms Jarrett said on Tuesday that Disney chief executive Bob Iger called them before ABC revealed the show 's cancellation .
“ Gee , they never called President Donald J Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC . Maybe I just did n't get the call ? ” Mr Trump said on Twitter . Mr Trump has been a persistent critic of the news media throughout their campaign and presidency .
Barr blamed their late-night message on the sleep aid Ambien .
“ It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting – it was memorial day too – i went 2 far & do not want it defended – it was egregious Indefensible , ” they wrote in a message that has since been deleted . “ I made a mistake I wish I had n't but ... do n't defend it please . ”
Ambien 's maker , Sanofi , responded on Wednesday .
“ People of all races , religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world , ” its US arm said on Twitter . “ While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . ”
Supportive comments
Barr said they were tired of “ being attacked and belittled more than other comedians who have said worse ” and asked for people not to boycott ABC .
Barr ( 65 ) then apologised “ for making a bad joke ” about Ms Jarrett , who is black and was born in Iran to American parents .
“ Do n't feel sorry for me , guys ! ! , ” Barr said in a tweet late on Tuesday . “ I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people , and wonderful writers ( all liberal ) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet . ”
Barr 's Twitter profile drew supportive comments , with some users saying they believed they had been treated unfairly because of their politics .
Hollywood talent agency ICM on Tuesday dropped Barr as a client . Several networks and the streaming service Hulu said they would no longer rerun them show .
The original Roseanne ran from 1988 to 1997 , featuring a blue-collar family , the Conners , with overweight parents struggling to get by . It was praised for its realistic portrayal of working-class life .
The current Roseanne was ABC 's biggest hit of the 2017-2018 season , drawing an average 18.7 million viewers , second only to CBS 's The Big Bang Theory , according to Nielsen data . – Reuters
One of the State 's top officials has told the Charleton Tribunal that former Garda commissioner Martin Callinan told them in 2014 that Garda whistleblower Maurice McCabe faced sexual offences allegations .
Comptroller and Auditor General Séamus McCarthy said they met with the then commissioner in a lobby in Leinster House prior to a meeting of the Public Accounts Committee ( Pac ) in January 2014 .
There , Mr Callinan referred to Sgt McCabe and made comments to the effect that they were not to be trusted , and that there were allegations of sexual offences against him , said Mr McCarthy .
Mr McCarthy is the third person to tell the tribunal , along with RTÉ journalist Philip Boucher-Hayes and Fianna Fáil 's John McGuinness , that Mr Callinan spoke negatively about Sergeant McCabe .
However , Mr Callinan , in their own statement to the tribunal , which is headed by the Supreme Court 's Mr Justice Peter Charleton , has rejected the statements from the three men .
The tribunal is investigating claims that a smear campaign was run against Sgt McCabe by Mr Callinan , or by Garda Commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan , as alleged by ex-head of the Garda Press Office , Supt David Taylor .
There have been no direct claims made to the Charleton Tribunal that Ms O'Sullivan spread any “ nasty comments ” about Mr McCabe .
Rumours
Former chairperson of the Pac John McGuinness said that during a meeting in a car park with Mr Callinan , on January 24th , 2014 , they discussed rumours about Sgt McCabe . At the time , the committee was investigating allegations by the sergeant about abuse of the penalty points system .
Mr McGuinness said the then commissioner said the rumours about Sgt McCabe were true . They said Mr Callinan said Sgt McCabe had sexually abused “ family members ” and that an investigation was under way . The tribunal has heard that an allegation of sex abuse against Sgt McCabe , made in 2006 and not involving a family member , was dismissed by the DPP in 2007 .
Mr Callinan has told the tribunal that when they met Mr McGuinness it was obvious that the politician knew that an allegation had been made about Sgt McCabe and a decision made not to proceed with charges . They rejected the claim by Mr McGuinness that the then commissioner had said that the sergeant had sexually abused a family member , could not be trusted , or that the word “ paedophile ” had been used during the conversation .
The tribunal heard that an error in 2013 involving the use of the wrong “ template ” led to an allegation of child sex abuse made against Sgt McCabe , which the authorities had already decided would not constitute sexual assault , or assault , even if it had occurred , was mistakenly described in a counsellor 's report as involving vaginal and anal digital penetration .
Original complaint
The woman who made the original complaint against the sergeant , identified as “ Ms D ” by the tribunal , “ never came close ” to making any such allegation . The allegation they did make was , by a form of “ alchemy ” , changed into the more serious allegation because a template used when recording their complaint wrongly maintained details from an earlier complaint made by an entirely different individual .
In an opening statement read out by Diarmuid McGuinness SC , the tribunal said that Mr Boucher-Hayes has said that , during a conversation in RTÉ in December 2013 , the then commissioner had spoken at length about Sgt McCabe , said they were a “ troubled individual ” with psychiatric issues , and was not to be trusted . There were , the commissioner allegedly said , other things they could say about the sergeant , Mr Boucher Hayes said . “ Horrific things . The worst kind of things . ”
The commissioner did not elaborate further , the journalist has told the tribunal . The commissioner , they said , told them that if they wanted to know more , they should ask the then head of the Garda Press Office , Supt David Taylor .
Mr Callinan , Mr McGuinness said , has confirmed to the tribunal that the conversation in RTÉ took place , but said it was not the case that they spoke at length about Sgt McCabe 's character , or said that they had psychiatric issues or that they could not be trusted .
Mr Callinan has told the tribunal that they deny introducing references to any allegations of sexual offences against Sgt McCabe into their conversation with Mr McCarthy .
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said captain Jordan Henderson 's return from a foot injury has been put back for the foreseeable future and they would adopt a cautious approach with the midfielder to avoid aggravating the problem .
Henderson , who had been expected to return to training this week , has not featured for Liverpool since early February . But the club have coped well in their absence as they are unbeaten in their last three games , rising to fourth in the Premier League .
`` Jordan suffered a little setback and they are not in team training until now , '' Klopp told reporters on Friday . `` When we were here last time I said I hoped they could be in training this week . But we have to wait for this .
`` It 's only a question of time , unfortunately . There 's nothing we can do . But we have to be careful and not take a risk . ''
Striker Daniel Sturridge will also miss Saturday 's league clash against Merseyside rivals Everton with a hip injury while midfielder Philippe Coutinho and striker Roberto Firmino have returned from international duty with Brazil unscathed .
Klopp expressed their frustration after Adam Lallana sustained a thigh injury while playing for England this month , but refused to fault manager Gareth Southgate for selecting the midfielder .
`` Obviously I was not happy ( with the injury ) . Somebody says I was relaxed about it , I could not be less relaxed about this - but it is not about blaming Southgate ... Sometimes things like this happen , '' the German manager added .
Klopp admitted they have been impressed with seventh-placed Everton in recent weeks but was also confident their side will put up a fight against their bitter rivals .
`` They are close to where they want to be . We can not ignore this . It is important - and not only because it 's a derby .
`` They look really confident . But I can not imagine one reason why we should n't be confident too ... , '' they said . `` ( We will ) be aggressive , but not too aggressive and fight for everything to try to make our supporters happy . ''
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
THE electoral protest filed by former senator Ferdinand “ Bongbong ” Marcos Jr. against Vice President Maria Leonor “ Leni ” Robredo has started to roll with the former paying on Monday P36 million , their first installment for the P66 million protest fee required by the Supreme Court ( SC ) .
The High Court , sitting as Presidential Electoral Tribunal , gave Marcos until April 17 , 2017 , to deposit the money with the tribunal .
The P30 million balance should be paid on or before July 14 .
The court also ordered Robredo to pay P15.7 million .
Marcos personally went to the court to pay P36,023,000 . The check was received by Jeffrey Raymond Atienza , Assistant Officer in Charge of the Cash Collection and Distribution Division of the Fiscal Management and Budget Office .
“ My close friends contributed to raise the P36 million , even supporters who accompanied me here have chipped in because the time given to raise the P66.2-million was not enough , ” Marcos said .
Hundreds of Marcos loyalists waited for the former lawmaker outside the Supreme Court building on Padre Faura St. in Manila .
“ Hanggang ngayon hindi pa alam ng taumbayan kung sino ba talaga ang nanalong bise presidente noong nakaraang halalan . Sa palagay ko ang isang taon ay masyado nang mahaba ( Up to this day , the people do not know who really won in the vice presidential election . I think one year of waiting is enough ) , ” Marcos told reporters .
“ Kaya sana ang ating mga magigiting na justice ay simulan na ang proseso ng paghuhusga kung sino ba talaga ang nanalo sa nakaraang halalan . Ipagpapatuloy natin ang protesta ( I hope that the justices will now start the process of resolving this case . We will continue with the protest ) . I hope this compliance we have done to the Supreme Court 's order will go a long way to getting the process right , ” they added .
Pooled funds
Forty friends and supporters of Marcos said they pooled their resources to help the former senator raise the needed amount on time .
Marcos , through their lawyer George Erwin Garcia , received the SC 's order dated March 21 , 2017 on April 10 , 2017 requiring them to pay P66 million .
The P200,000 filing fee paid by Marcos when they filed the protest had been deducted from the cost requirement .
“ Since President-Mayor Joseph Estrada declared Wednesday ( April 12 ) as a non-working holiday for all government employees in Manila , the offices of the Supreme Court were closed on Wednesday ( April 12 ) , Holy
Thursday ( April 13 ) & Good Friday ( April 14 ) . Thus , if Bongbong were to comply with the April 14 deadline that would give them less than 48 hours to come up with P36 million . In order not to delay the proceedings any further , we decided to pool our resources so that the cash deposit of P36 million would be paid , ” friends of Marcos said in a letter submitted to the SC .
“ We have done this because it is our heartfelt wish that the election protest be resolved with dispatch , ” the added .
“ Ten months is too long for this open wound to fester . This insecurity and instability is not good for the country . ”
Marcos was required to pay P500 for each of the 132,446 precincts where a recount will be held .
In their complaint , the former senator assailed the election results in 39,221 clustered precincts . Based on the Commission on Elections data , the 39,221 clustered precincts are composed of 132,446 precincts .
Robredo had sought the dismissal of the poll protest but the high tribunal dismissed their petition . The PET junked Robredo 's claim that the grounds cited by Marcos in their complaint are just a “ series of wild accusations , guesses , and surmises . ”
Recently , the PET ordered the preservation of the “ automated election equipment and records such as Vote Counting Machines ( VCM ) , Consolidation and Canvass System ( ) CCs ) units , Secure Digital ( SD ) cards ( main and back up ) , and the other data storage devices in all of the 92,509 clustered precincts used in the May 2016 elections . ”
Marcos lost to Robredo by only 263,473 votes . They claimed that they were a victim of “ massive electoral fraud , anomalies and irregularities ” such as preshading of ballots , pre-loaded Secure Digital cards , misreading of ballots , malfunctioning VCMs , and an “ abnormally high ” unaccounted votes/undervotes for the position of VP .
Pay more
Robredo 's camp on Monday said Marcos should pay P185 million for their election protest .
Romulo Macalintal , the lead counsel of Robredo , noted that Marcos ' dues should be P185 million because Marcos is protesting the results of all 369,138 established precincts .
“ Mr . Marcos should pay P185 million because it is worth P500 per established precinct not a clustered precinct , a decision already made by the PET . In fact , the technology provider Smartmatic is already billing the Comelec to the tune of P2.9 billion because the Comelec failed to return the leased VCMs on time due to the pending Marcos case , ” Macalintal said .
They added that while Marcos is questioning the election results in 662 municipalities , they were only able to provide detailed specification of their poll fraud allegation in 57 municipalities .
Macalintal said Robredo will not pay the fee required by the tribunal just yet .
“ He is the one filing a protest , so they should make the first cash deposit . We have to see first if the votes recovered from the recount due to Marcos ' protest will be enough to overcome the Vice President 's winning margin , ” the lawyer said .
“ While payment of the cash deposit would have to be complied with , the Robredo camp asked the PET to allow them to comply with the order of payment at a later time because we ca n't pay the cash deposit unless the merits of Mr. Marcos 's election protest has been determined , ” Macalintal explained . “ We believe that we should not pay the cash deposit at this point , in accordance to the PET rules . ”
WITH LLANESCA T. PANTI
A man in their 20s has been airlifted to hospital in Belfast after falling from a cliff at Murlough Bay in Co Antrim .
The incident was reported shortly before 12.50pm on Monday and a number of emergency services attended the scene .
The casualty was rescued by a team from Ballycastle Coastguard assisted by Coleraine Coastguard .
Specialist assistance was requested after the NI Ambulance Service reported them to be an inaccessibly location .
The casualty was then taken to the Royal Victoria Hospital by a Coastguard helicopter from Prestwick in Scotland .
They are reported to have suffered suspected rib and pelvic injuries .
MOHAMED Salah produced two world-class finishes and set up goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino to lead Liverpool to a 5-2 win over former club Roma on Wednesday morning ( AEST ) , leaving the English team in sight of the Champions League final .
Salah 's display was as exquisite as Roma 's defending was naive , with Liverpool scoring all of its goals in a breathtaking 33-minute spell either side of halftime amid a cauldron of noise at Anfield .
The Italian side came back from a 4-1 first-leg loss to Barcelona in the quarter-finals , and consolation goals in the final nine minutes from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti has given them a similar deficit to overcome . In the latest virtuoso performance of their stunning first season at Liverpool , Salah curled a shot into the top corner in the 36th minute and doubled the lead in the 45th with a dinked finish that is fast becoming theirs trademark .
They are now on 43 goals for the season in all competitions with potentially five games left . The Egyptian forward was n't finished there , taking advantage of Roma 's high defensive line to provide crosses for Mane and Firmino to score almost identical goals in the 56th and 61st minutes , respectively .
Firmino glanced home a header from James Millner 's corner in the 69th to leave Roma 's players on the floor - literally in the case of its distressed goalkeeper , Alisson .
Liverpool moved onto 38 goals for this season 's competition - 11 more than any other team - but can not begin preparing for the final in Kiev on May 26 quite yet .
Dzeko chested down a long pass to make it 5-1 in the 81st and when Milner handled a shot from Radja Nainggolan , Perotti converted the penalty in the 89th . Bayern Munich plays Real Madrid in the other semi-final , with the first leg in Germany on Thursday .
Is there anyone better ?
Roma knows all about Salah , who scored 15 goals and set up 11 more in the second of their two seasons at the Italian club before joining Liverpool for $ 68 million in June .
He 's obliterating those figures at Anfield this season . Their double saw them surge past Cristiano Ronaldo 's 42 goals for Manchester United in the 2007-08 season , for example .
Salah won English soccer 's Player of the Year award on Sunday . At this rate , the Ballon D'Or - given to the world 's best player - could be their next year .
Their first goal came after Dzeko gave up possession cheaply in Liverpool 's half . The ball made its way to Salah , who cut inside from the right edge of the penalty area and curled a shot in off the crossbar , near to the post . It could n't have been placed any better .
If that was a typical Salah finish from their first half of the season , their second goal was a replica of a couple of their recent strikes in the Premier League . Roberto Firmino timed their through ball perfectly and Salah outpaced Juan Jesus before applying a dinked finish over Alisson , just like they did to eliminate Manchester City in the quarterfinals .
Salah was untouchable .
Salah did n't celebrate either of their goals out of respect for their former teammates but they made them suffer by setting up goals for the other members of Liverpool 's devastating forward line .
And when Firmino nodded in Liverpool 's fifth goal , the semi-final looked over with 110 minutes remaining .
The world was in awe of the show Salah put on .
Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard said : `` Here 's in the form of their life ... without a shadow of a doubt he 's the best player on the planet right now . ''
Chelsea icon Frank Lampard was also full of praise . `` Some players are a joy to watch - balance , quick feet , the fear they are putting into defenders , '' they said .
However , when Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp took off Salah in the 75th minute , Roma suddenly began to swarm all over the home side .
A three-goal deficit will not scare Roma 's players - just look at what they did to Barcelona in the Stadio Olimpico two weeks ago . Yet , Liverpool failing to score is unlikely on the evidence of this season , particularly the first 69 minutes of this game at Anfield .
PERTH ( miningweekly.com ) – The Bald Hill lithium and tantalum mine , in Western Australia , has hauled its first spodumene concentrate , one month after first concentrate was produced .
Joint venture partners Tawana Resources and Alliance Mineral Assets on Tuesday reported that an initial shipment of 3 250 t of spodumene would reach the berth at Esperance on May 2 .
Advertisement
“ Completion of the logistics around the initial shipment of lithium concentrate represents another key milestone for the mine , ” said Tawana MD Mark Calderwood .
A second larger shipment of Bald Hill concentrate is expected later in May .
Advertisement
The A $ 42.2-million Bald Hill project is expected to deliver 155 000 t/y of spodumene concentrate and 260 000 lb/y of tantalum pentoxide over a mine life of 3.6 years .
Armed response officers arrested a man in Belfast on Friday after receiving reports of an aggressive male armed with a machete on the street .
The PSNI said local policing teams attended the scene and identified the house the man had entered .
The man refused to leave the house when asked by armed response officers and when police stormed the house an arrest was made and a weapon secured .
Police have said no-one was harmed during the incident .
The Forbidden Facts Regarding Do My Paper Exposed by an Expert
Why Almost Everything You 've Learned About Do My Paper Is Wrong
You never know whether you are most likely to be requested to explain something written on your paper or not , therefore it really is much superior to write precisely what you understand . All of you will need is always to define what ought to be at the newspaper . Research paper is far tougher than every other mission of the identical quantity . In the event you own a research paper which should be composed , then we have been here to aid you . You 're going to receive your paper in because of time , with fantastic articles and at a reasonable price . Being a way to compose a terrific paper , you only have to focus and concentrate around the ideal things . Most valid paper writing services will likely enable a customer to match and decide on the paper writer they are going to be dealing with to ensure a cozy degree may be acquired , throughout the tradition .
The Essentials of Do My Paper You Will be Able to Learn From Beginning Immediately
In order to accomplish faculty , it 's imperative for each scholar to clean each training pay for essay course . Students employing an composing service need to be conscious of a couple matters before picking some service . Also , you do n't desire scholar to flick through most of the various Paper 1s they wo n't have the full time ! Pupils who understand that the exact straightforward reasoning supporting a category but do n't possess the full time for you to produce an analysis report or dissertation could use a draft http : //bulletin.temple.edu/undergraduate/university-college/certificate-sustainability/ habit to finish the task efficiently .
Whenever you purchase an essay from us , you 're sure to relish individual approach because essay help supplied from our writers is always customized dependent on your requirements . If you should be struggling to write an article , it will be likely to place an order to get a fresh article of job on the subject of one 's choice or you may write it yourself and then order a re Pair or tutoring providers . The way in www.papernow.org which into this perfect essay is by way of WritePaperFor.Me . In the event you do n't see how to successfully begin your informative article or at which to search for encouraging data , we are going to be delighted to assist you . For the reason , it really is very important that you build up your essay writing abilities along with your capacity to examine signs in respect to the query asked . Hence , in case you believe accounting essays really are boring just like your company studies are , then you 're probably incorrect . Banking essays can be genuine pleasure to play with if you have an exhaustive knowledge about the subject and have keen interest written down , so if you imagine you may not publish decent banking essays compared to again you 're mistaken .
Now with electronic marking , it is simpler to swap documents and ask advice . Maybe you never actually take somebody to compose your composition whatsoever , but just need the surplus assurance of experiencing it proof edited or read . Take your restroom break when you finish an essay not at the center of a in the event you have the ability to help it .
Hearsay , Deception and Do My Paper
You are in possession of a fantastic opportunity to learn from some of the maximum writers out there there and mimic your own upcoming composition so . Additionally , all through the guidebook you will find many clinic question opportunities and technical strategies for answering Paper 1-style questions . Undoubtedly not there are a number of opportunities that you do n't match wanting to dig from the pile of novels in the library as an easy method to manage your homework , which merely escalation in quantity .
The Fundamentals of Do My Paper Revealed
You may get in contact by means of your author through our support department should you will need to specify some crucial things to generate your work longer customized . Our writers are impressed to check out an all-inclusive watch cover to produce paper document research that contrasts with bits of paper information to provide you with probably the very proper question pay out a expert buy term newspapers around the internet to write my newspaper . It ought to be clear that there 's a quality English speaking writer who 's going to compose the newspaper out of scratch .
Our writers pass a significant process to look at their abilities . As a result of that , so that as a result of these completing our customers ' orders , all them comes with a standing . At the proceedings you forgot something , communicate to this writer who 's tackling your composition and create adjustments . It 's possible to at all times find out to your writer to supply additional details or ask advice in regards to the sequence 's advancement . The minute the author is appointed , then they commence working in your composition based on the requirements you have specified on your buy . Our talented writers can deal with nearly every type of writing assignment , together with r and Physics troubles and many more . Choosing online essay writers is n't a nightmare ahead .
Share This : Horror Legend John Carpenter Explains Why He 's No Longer Afraid To Revisit ‘ Halloween ' Jon
Back in October , horror mega-producer Jason Blum made it clear that the new Halloween movie is benefiting from the involvement of legendary filmmaker John Carpenter , the man who originated the franchise in 1978 ( with co-writer/producer Debra Hill , who died in 2005 ) . “ We do n't take any big steps without their approval , ” Blum explained . “ For instance , hiring [ co-writer/director ] David [ Gordon Green ] and [ co-writer ] Danny [ McBride ] they approved . They approved their pitch , they approved their first script , they approved bringing back Jamie Lee Curtis . So any time we make a big creative turn , he 's involved with that and we do n't do it without their blessing . ”
Earlier this week , the shoot got under way , giving Carpenter a perfect opportunity to explain how and why they finally overcame their fear of the franchise . “ I talked about the Halloweens for a long time , the sequels—I have n't even seen all of them , ” they said . I do n't even know what really was there , but finally it occurred to me : if I 'm just flapping my gums here , talking about it , why do n't I try to make it as good as I can ? I could offer advice . I could talk to the director . I like the director very much . I like the script . So , you know , stop throwing rocks from the sidelines and get in there and try to do something positive . ”
Halloween arrives in theatres on October 19 . To see Jamie Lee Curtis ' look in the new film , check out their tweet from the first day of shooting below .
By Scott T. Sterling
Controversial musician Kid Rock has come out in strong support of the women accusing powerful Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of sexual harassment .
Related : Kid Rock Release Country Rocker ‘ Tennessee Mountain Top '
Hollywood has been rocked by the reports of Weinstein 's behavior which broke this week after years of rumors and innuendo .
“ I do not know all the women who have come forward per the New York Times piece on Harvey Weinstein and I am not a fan of many of them , in many ways , especially of their politics ( I am certain they are not too fond of me or mine as well ! ) , ” Rock wrote on their official website .
“ But I applaud their courage to come forward and support them all 100 % . Most of us in the entertainment business have heard of these disgusting stories for years about these scumbag heads of studios , record labels , Fortune 500 companies , etc and how they prey on young women and men , especially in Hollywood , ” they continued .
“ Why even comment on this and put my own neck out there in a fight that 's not mine ? For my granddaughter , my sisters , my mother , my fiancé , but mostly for the people who have no voice . And I am also not beholden or scared of anyone ! , ” the rocker added .
“ Once again , I support you ladies and I am sure you will not be the last to come forward now that the dam has burst , ” Kid Rock wrote at the end of the post . “ I do wish for the most positive outcomes for all involved and for some real change in this disgusting space . ”
See Kid Rock 's full statement here .
U.S. Representative Fred Upton ( R-MI ) ( C ) and Representative Michael Burgess ( R-TX ) ( R ) return to the West Wing after speaking to reporters about health care legislation after meeting with President Trump at the White House in Washington , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON Three U.S. Republican House lawmakers threw their support behind their party 's healthcare overhaul plan on Wednesday after crafting changes to provide $ 8 billion over five years to shore up coverage for people with pre-existing conditions .
Representatives Fred Upton and Billy Long , who had rejected an earlier bill to roll back the 2010 Affordable Care Act , told reporters after a meeting with Trump at the White House that they could now vote for the plan with their proposed changes .
Upton said the revised bill could come up for a vote on Thursday , although both they and Long said they did not know whether there were enough votes to pass it . Representative Michael Burgess also said they could back the legislation .
( Reporting by Susan Heavey and David Alexander ; Editing by Tim Ahmann )
Thanks for signing up . You must confirm your email address before we can send you . Please check your email and follow the instructions .
Going through my drawers , I came across my old Sears Timing light . I got it on a trip to the US in the late 1990s . It was well used when I drove around in gas-powered car . Then it got put aside when I started driving a diesel-powered car .
This was a useful tool in tuning your car if it had a distributor . Usually , if you had to change your spark plugs you would also need to change your contact point and condenser . There would some who would set the crankshaft timing marks to zero degrees or at TDC ( top dead center ) . By doing so , that would also put the distributor rotor point to indicate it at spark plug No . 1 . Then you could make alignment marks on the distributor body and engine , so that after you are done removing the distributor , it would be easier to return it . I would remove the distributor so it would be easier to replace the contact point and set the point gap . I would use a feeler gauge to set the correct amount of gap recommended by the manufacturer . If the gap was not to spec , the car either did not start or the points would burn quickly giving the car bad performance . After setting the points , it was time to install the distributor and hopefully everything is still aligned . If the engine did n't start , then chances are the distributor shaft moved and was misaligned . I remember doing this a couple of times on a Saturday afternoon rushing to make sure I have a ride for the night . Greenhills “ standy by. ” And true enough , I did something wrong and the car would n't start .
Now , when setting the correct timing , you need to disconnect the hose to the vacuum advance unit on the distributor . Attach the magnetic pickup to the high-tension cable of spark plug No . 1 , attach the positive clip to the positive terminal of the battery and the other to the body for grounding . Start the engine and then point the timing light at the crankshaft pulley , and you could see the timing marks if they are aligned . It 's basically a strobe light wherein the light is on when the spark plug fires ; that would be No . 1 with the magnetic pickup attached . By moving the body of the distributor , you could alter the position of the timing mark . We would paint the marks white so it would be easier to see them . For others , they would adjust the timing a bit advanced or retarded . Why ? There would be some engines , even if was from the same manufacturer , that would perform differently . It 's more like fine- tuning . This was for stock engines ; if you modified your engine to go faster , then you need to find the right timing for your car by trial and error . With the advent of EFI ( electronic fuel injection ) and distributor-less ignition systems , setting the timing of your car manually is not needed . The ECU ( engine control unit ) does that for you . Some are saying that changing contact points on an old engine is becoming a dying skill . Same as tuning a carburator , even I would stumble if asked to change the points on an old car . That would be very embarrassing .
I still keep my timing light in my drawer . I have no intention of disposing it in the near future . I keep it because I still have friends with old cars that still need an old style tune-up and in the hopes that in the near future , I get a chance to have a project car and use some of the skill I learned . Hopefully…
Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23 , 2017 until Oct. 25
Officials say the man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto on Monday was a member of the Canadian Armed Forces for two months last year .
A spokesperson with the Department of National Defence says Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23 , 2017 until Oct. 25 .
They say Minassian did not complete their recruit training and asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days .
READ MORE : Toronto van attack suspect faces 10 counts of first-degree murder
READ MORE : Officer 's actions ‘ one shining moment ' after Toronto van attack
The 25-year-old from Richmond Hill , Ont. , was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder .
Ten people were killed and 15 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk in north Toronto on Monday afternoon .
More to come .
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Vincent Zhou is well-versed in the rivalry between American Brian Boitano and Canadian Brian Orser — the `` Battle of the Brians '' at the 1988 Calgary Olympics .
That 's because Boitano was an `` inspiration '' to Zhou , who fell in love with figure skating by watching footage of the two-time world champion on YouTube . And these days , Boitano is a sounding board for Zhou , a fellow Bay Area native helping them navigate the Olympic experience .
So , yes , Zhou has heard all about Boitano 's showdown with Orser at the Calgary Games , when their hero won a back-and-forth battle by the narrowest of margins to win gold .
It remains one of the best and most beloved rivalries in figure skating . Especially now , when rivalries are hard to find .
Advertisement
As the sport 's elite prepares for the Pyeongchang Games next week , there are about half a dozen medal hopefuls in each discipline , which should create exciting and unpredictable competition . But it also means there is no head-to-head rivalry — no Harding vs. Kerrigan , Kwan vs. Lipinski , Yagudin vs. Plushenko — that fans can seize on when they tune in to coverage from South Korea .
`` There are so many great skaters capable of being on the top of the podium , I would n't say there 's a great rivalry that stands out , '' Zhou said . `` But all the variables and unpredictability makes for just as much excitement and anticipation as a great rivalry would . ''
You can bet the networks are banking on it .
In truth , there has n't been a memorable rivalry in figure skating in years . With the quick turnover of top talent , the rise of Russian skaters and the sport 's diminished profile in non-Olympic years , it becomes difficult to cultivate a head-to-head rivalry .
The closest thing in recent years happened at the 2010 Vancouver Games , when South Korean star Yu Na Kim edged Japan 's Mao Asada for the gold medal . The fact that South Korea and Japan have an intense rivalry in many sports elevated the tension , but it also limited the rivalry 's global appeal .
There were few American and European fans , for example , that latched onto the matchup of Asian icons .
It certainly was n't like another rivalry made famous in Calgary , one between Debi Thomas of the U.S. and Katarina Witt of East Germany . Each picked music set to the French opera Carmen , adding a little zest to Witt 's eventual gold medal-performance . ( Thomas settled for bronze . )
`` You know , it 's interesting . I think those times are missed , and I think rivalries are needed to propel the sport to a different level , '' said Boitano , now a TV personality . `` People love cheering for a skater from their own country and they love the rivalries , and back in our day , before the ( Berlin ) wall came down , Katerina Witt was an enigma . It was n't just a battle of people but countries as well .
`` I think that was an aspect of it , '' Boitano continued , `` but the main reason we 're not able to produce rivalries is no one wins consistently . ''
In most sports , that kind of parity is a good thing .
There has n't been a repeat World Series champion since the Yankees in 1999 and 2000 , and the NFL has become the popular sport in the U.S. in part because of the belief it has cultivated that every team has a chance — even though the Patriots seemingly always end up in the Super Bowl .
In figure skating , every discipline is wide open . And while that 's good for the competition itself , it makes it difficult for the casual fan — the every-four-years fan — to find a rooting interest .
`` Going into an Olympic year , it 's not the five-time or six-time national champion like Michelle Kwan competing against a rival . The public has n't had a chance to grow to love them , follow them , think they know them and root for them , '' Boitano said . `` I really think it 's an issue of not being able to follow someone up the ranks for their entire career . ''
Those inside the sport beg to differ , of course . There is a constant battle for resources , support and sponsorship , and that can make rivalries between compatriots some of the fiercest .
`` We 're all friends , '' American ice dancer Madison Hubbell said , `` but we want what they have . That kind of competitiveness is more intense with your own national competitors , whereas world competitors , we see each other a couple times a year . We all want to win . But there 's a little more focus on how each of us skates individually . It seems more personal . ''
As intense as those rivalries might be , they do n't generally resonate with fans — not like a rivalry between nations , or individuals that have gone head-to-head over years .
That raises the question : Does figure skating need a good rivalry to ramp up the interest ?
Good luck finding a consensus .
`` We have real depth with our skaters , '' Boitano said . `` It 's really choosing apples and oranges , and it really depends on that week for them . That creates for a very interesting competition . It just does n't create a lot of rivalries . ''
JT & Billy are joined by Cory Mageors & Kevin Hageland of the K & C Masterpiece on 105.3 The Fan .
Listen to them examine the line at Whataburger , cute dog commercials , and more ! This edition of the podcast touches on some mature subjects .
Listen to the complete podcast in the audio above .
You can listen to all the Podcasts right HERE .
Maud Nicholl , was born on July 3 1909 , five years before the Great War began .
Although Miss Nicholl never married or had children , they still remain a popular and sociable member of the local community , where they still live in their home .
Maud Nicholl 's party
Now very hard of hearing , they nonetheless laughed loudly at points during their birthday celebrations .
Among those present was Rev Alistair Bates of Wellington Presbyterian Church , of which Miss Bates is a lifelong member .
“ She 's got a great sense of humour – an unbelievable sense of humour , ” they told the News Letter .
“ She 's an absolute star . ”
Maud Nicholl 's party
For more on Maud see Saturday 's News Letter
Is Maud Northern Ireland 's oldest person ? Phone 028 3839 5577 if you know anyone as old as them or older .
The Alzhemier 's Association is inviting Augusta residents to join the fight against Alzheimer 's by participating in the Walk to End Alzheimer 's .
The walk will take place on November 4 at the Columbia County Amphitheater in Evans .
Participants will complete a two-mile walk and learn about the disease , advocacy opportunities and clinical study programs .
`` Looking forward to seeing our great community come together for the walk to end Alzheimer 's ” , said Margaret Atchison , co-chair , Walk to End Alzheimer 's – Augusta in a release . “ I like many others cared for and lost my mom to this horrific disease and am excited for you to join a team or create a team and be a huge part in helping find a cure . ''
More than 5 million Americans have Alzheimer 's disease and it is the sixth-leading cause of death in the U.S .
Click here to sign up .
Copyright 2017 WFXG . All rights reserved .
March 28 Scania :
* Reports a 40 % increase in sales of vehicles that run on alternative fuels and hybrids in 2016 .
* Says in total , close to 5,000 such vehicles were sold in 2016 . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Johan Sennero )
Mayor Alan Arakawa answers some of the questions submitted to their staff .
Submit your own questions about County of Maui programs , services , operations or policies to Mayor Alan Arakawa at AskTheMayor @ mauicounty.gov , 270-7855 or mail them to 200 S. High St. , 9th Floor , Wailuku , HI 96793 .
Questions submitted will be considered for inclusion in the “ Ask the Mayor ” column .
Mayor Arakawa :
Q : How does a member of the community register a complaint with Maui County for trash pile-ups on private property ?
A : Here are three ways to report this type of problem that has been observed : 1 ) File a request for service using the mobile app COM CONNECT ; 2 ) File a request for service at www.mauicounty.gov/rfs ; or 3 ) Call the Department of Public Works at ( 808 ) 270-7845 . All three methods are effective and are responded to in a timely manner .
Police and family are concerned for the welfare of a man and their two small children who have not been seen since Monday morning , August 14 .
Robert Roche , 36 , of Palmeira Square , Hove , and their two children , a boy aged three and a girl aged 18 months , set off from home at 9am on Monday to go to a day nursery in nearby Holland Road , police said in an appeal to find them .
Robert Roche is missing with their two small children , police said . Sussex Police picture
They did not arrive and police say they were were told at 5.30pm when family members realised that they had not returned home .
Robert is described by police as white , 5ft 10in , stocky , with dark hair .
Their children are three-year-old Joey and 18-month-old Betsy , who was in a very distinctive black ‘ buggaboo monkey stroller ” buggy with a pink hood . There is also a step and a ‘ saddle ' by the handle bar , police reported .
Detective Inspector Mick Jones said : “ We are searching the local area and are keen to hear from anyone who has spotted Robert and their children .
The distinctive buggy
“ If you see them or know where they might be , please let us know right away on 101 or 999 , quoting serial 1053 of 14/08 .
“ We also ask Robert to get in touch with us so that we can arrange to meet and confirm that they and the children are ok .
“ We are not treating the disappearance as suspicious at this stage but it has not happened before and we are naturally very concerned for Robert and especially for their children . ”
Do n't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live .
Here are four ways you can be sure you 'll be amongst the first to know what 's going on .
1 ) Make our website your homepage
2 ) Like our Facebook page
3 ) Follow us on Twitter
4 ) Register with us by clicking on ‘ sign in ' ( top right corner ) . You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here .
And do share with your family and friends - so they do n't miss out !
Always the first with your local news .
Be part of it .
Texas Rangers relief pitcher Sam Dyson ( 47 ) exits the mound after Texas Rangers manager Jeff Banister ( 28 ) pulled them in the ninth inning in a game against the Cleveland Indians on opening day at Globe Life Park in Arlington on Monday , April 3 , 2017 . Texas Rangers lost to the Cleveland Indians 8-5 . ( Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News )
Based on their post-game remarks , it appears the Rangers will have a new closer the next time a save situation presents itself , possibly even late Monday in Oakland . Of course , we all thought that was already the case after Dyson 's second blown save and third bad outing Tuesday night . The Rangers proceeded to play four games that were n't close enough one way or another to require a ninth-inning savior .
But it does explain why Banister gave Sam Dyson one more shot at closing a game in Seattle . Does n't mean they were right . They were almost certainly wrong to try , and the results illustrated as much .
So that 's part of the problem many of us had with Rangers manager Jeff Banister Sunday . They have to exist on a different plane where the only thing that matters is where their team stands after 162 games . A manager that makes knee-jerk reactions pretty much becomes Billy Martin -- which is how they came to manage the New York Yankees five different times .
We lived in an instant gratification world long before it was invaded by our smart phones and Twitter accounts . Now even immediacy seems slower than dial-up Internet .
When that happened Sunday , there was Dyson on the hill with a one-run lead . After a bizarre turn of events that do not require a full rehashing , there was Dyson , shoulders sagging , walking to the dugout an 8-7 loser .
The presumption is that Matt Bush will get the call , but that brings us back to the matter at hand which is Banister 's having to deal with a 25-man squad for 162 games . As any former beat writer who never had to practice fielding bunts or take a turn in the cage can tell you , the baseball season is one long slog .
Banister 's best hope was that Dyson 's inning of work Saturday in a game already lost signaled a turning point . Dyson registered a 1-2-3 shutdown inning , just like they did for Team USA throughout the World Baseball Classic . Perhaps the work Dyson had done with pitching coach Doug Brocail to reinvigorate their sinker had paid off .
That was Banister 's fervent hope . They have this thing to deal with called `` options . '' And if Bush is the best option , remember that any responsibility bestowed on them will always qualify as some degree of risk . It 's less of a risk to count on Bush this season than it was in 2016 when they were almost fresh out of 3 1/2 years in prison .
It will be less risky in 2020 than it is today , assuming they have continued to deliver 98 mile-per-hour fastballs . But at this stage , less than one year into an improbable second chance ( some would contend it 's a higher number than that ) , Bush remains a risk .
Jeremy Jeffress is another option . I would say their track record -- 27 saves in 28 chances for Milwaukee in 2016 -- makes them a better option . Of course , they spent a month on MLB 's restricted list last summer following a DUI arrest here , so who knows how the Rangers feel about their dependability .
I do n't even know how to address the status of Keone Kela , who had `` future closer '' status but now finds themselves in Triple-A following a reported give-a-crap attitude in a B game this spring .
Jake Diekman , who saved four games a year ago and has the demeanor for the job even if their nasty left-handed stuff can get erratic , is n't available until mid-summer due to multiple surgeries to manage their ulcerative colitis .
Risks are everywhere .
On top of all this , Banister has their own Twitter account where they share others ' words of inspiration that provide a clue into their thinking .
Negative thoughts are lies . Do n't believe the lies .
I need to live by the truths I hold instead of the feelings I feel .
And the truth is that Dyson was a solid closer and Bush was masterful as an eighth inning guy on a 95-win team . So it 's easy to cross one 's fingers and hope for a return to 2016 . That 's not to say Banister manages by process of blind faith .
They have earned one Manager of the Year award in 2015 and finished second in 2016 by showing a willingness to make decisions and move on . We feel like they made quick decisions to remove past closers but Neftali Feliz and Shawn Tolleson actually held those jobs until mid-May before changes were made .
So 12 games is an awfully short time to lose faith in Dyson although their performances suggest this should have happened after the seventh game of the season Tuesday night in Anaheim .
The Rangers will move on now . The ninth inning may turn out to be a frequent trouble spot for this club . As manager of a 4-8 club , Banister hopes there are enough closing opportunities for any of this to matter after 150 more games .
* For the midday report , please click
SEOUL , April 5 South Korean shares were subdued on Wednesday as market players awaited first-quarter corporate earnings and a summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping .
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index ( KOSPI ) closed at 2,160.85 points , barely changed from the previous close of 2,161.10 .
Offshore investors have been sellers for three consecutive sessions , offloading a net 7.6 billion won ( $ 6.76 million ) worth of KOSPI shares for the day .
The South Korean won slumped on increased dollar demand as offshore investors continued to dump local equities .
The won was quoted at 1,124.4 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade , down 0.2 percent from Tuesday 's close of 1,121.9 . ( Reporting by Dahee Kim ; Editing by Sunil Nair )
Bob Fisher
FOREST CITY — The Forest City School board has accepted the resignation of an elementary school teacher placed on administrative leave following racial comments about high school basketball players aired in an online broadcast .
The board unanimously approved Friday the agreement with third-grade teacher Holly Jane Kusserow-Smidt , who will receive their full contracted salary for this school year .
Kusserow-Smidt was working as a radio producer for station KIOW on November 28 when they were heard laughing and agreeing with announcer Orin Harris , who referred to Eagle Grove boys they believed to be Hispanic because of their names as “ foreigners ” and saying they should “ go back where they came from . ”
Both Harris and Kusserow-Smidt were fired from the station .
In their resignation letter , Kusserow-Smidt apologized to board members , administrators and students and the communities of Forest City and Eagle Grove .
Those who vandalise or take down referendum posters should be pursued by the gardaí , Fianna Fáil believe .
Fianna Fáil TDs Willie O'Dea and Mary Butler have come out to “ condemn unreservedly ” the tearing down of posters .
It comes as a number of complaints have been made , including one from former Education Minister Jan O'Sullivan who reported the pulling down of Labour party referendum posters in Limerick city to gardaí .
Speaking outside Leinster House this morning , Mr O'Dea said : “ I have had experience in the past of my own posters being taken down and it 's very frustrating , very annoying because as you know posters are pretty expensive , people are entitled to put up posters that 's the system we have .
“ Anybody who takes down posters whether they be for the yes side or the no side should be pursued .
“ It is an activity which I condemn unreservedly , ” the Limerick TD said .
This was echoed by Waterford TD Ms Butler who said : “ We have called for a respectful debate whether you are on the Yes side or the No side . ”
They said they had seen a “ huge No poster ” torn down on the way to Dungarvan over the weekend .
“ They cost a lot of money to put up .
“ The tearing down of posters whether they are Yes or No is obviously not the right way to deal with this issue , people are entitled to put up their posters , ” they said .
While Ms Butler said they will be actively campaigning for a No vote , Mr O'Dea will not be getting involved in the referendum campaign .
“ I did say that I would n't be campaigning one way or the other and I think people appreciate that . ”
They said signs have been put on many doors in Limerick which say “ no referendum campaigning ” .
“ Most of my constituents would prefer if politicians stood back from the matter and allowed people make up their own minds . ”
– Irish Examiner
Share it :
Do n't Miss
If you were an avid internet user at any point during the late 1990 's and early 2000 's , you 've probably at least heard of AOL Instant Messenger , better known as AIM . While the service started as one part of the more complete AOL Desktop suite ( which included email and web browsing features ) , AOL later turned the service into its own standalone chat client .
After around 20 years of operation , AIM 's parent company Oath ( formerly AOL ) has announced the once-popular chat client 's imminent shutdown on December 15th . The following announcement excerpt briefly explains the company 's reasoning : `` AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift , but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed . As a result we 've made the decision that we will be discontinuing AIM effective December 15 , 2017 . We are more excited than ever to continue building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products for users around the world . '' Michael Albers , Oath VP of Communications Product .
Though AIM has undoubtedly retained a core fanbase that will continue to use the client until the very end , there 's no denying that its popularity has decreased significantly with the release of other , better messaging services in the past several years .
Services like Facebook 's own Messenger , WhatsApp and even ( to a lesser degree ) Google 's Allo have long overshadowed AIM with their improved feature sets , more convenient mobile access and various other advantages .
Indeed , with Oath letting the vast majority of the chat client 's support staff go back in 2012 it 's a wonder the service has managed to avoid the chopping block for as long as it has .
The family of a Rotorua woman who died after a two-car crash at Tikitere has remembered them as a `` courageous woman who could do anything '' .
Ngaire Helen Woods , 80 , was driving in convoy to visit their daughter Della in Tauranga last week , when they were critically injured in the crash at the intersection of State Highway 30 and State Highway 33 , Tikitere .
Ngaire Woods with their husband Keith . Photo / Supplied
Ngaire was initially trapped in their vehicle and was freed by fire crews before being taken by ambulance to Rotorua Hospital .
`` We were fortunate they were travelling in convoy , '' Ngaire 's son Mike Woods told the Rotorua Daily Post .
Advertisement
`` Her cousin Nola was right behind them and witnessed it all . They immediately got into the car with Ngaire and comforted them until the ambulance , police and fire teams arrived . ''
Mike said Nola contacted the wider family immediately and `` pretty much all their close family were at their bedside until they passed away at 10pm '' .
`` She had horrific injuries , they were awful , but they did n't show any pain right through to the end . In the last few minutes , they passed away very peacefully . ''
Ngaire turned 80 last September and their funeral was held in Rotorua on Monday .
`` It was quite a joyous funeral , '' Mike said .
`` She was a wonderful woman to celebrate , with a pretty amazing life . ''
Mike wrote and read their mother 's eulogy .
They said around 220 people attended , including `` a lot of friends , a few from their church faith , and family '' .
`` She had nine great-grandchildren , and 11 grandchildren who presented a lovely tribute at the funeral . ''
`` Courageous '' was the first word Mike said when asked how they described their mother .
`` In their late 40s , they got their pilot 's licence and started flying planes . At age 50 they decided to become a real estate agent and won awards for that . They were remarkable . Nothing stopped her . ''
They said Ngaire never let their `` significant health issues '' hold them back in later life .
`` She lived alone for the last few years . They were constantly out and about , '' they said .
`` Dad passed away four years ago so it 's nice to know they are together again in the right place . ''
Mike said they had spoken with Ngaire 's cousin Nola daily since the crash .
`` It was horrific for them no doubt . I can only hope that Nola has come to grips with what they experienced firsthand ... We as a family were so grateful for Nola and the comfort they were able to provide Ngaire in their hour of the greatest need . ''
A man was also taken to hospital with serious injuries from the crash .
The Serious Crash Unit continues to investigate it .
NZ Transport Agency transport system manager Rob Campbell said there were six crashes reported to police at that intersection last year .
`` Road and roadside safety improvements are proposed for this 3.2km section of State Highway 30 from Owhata to the outskirts of Rotorua near Te Ngae . ''
Carl Frampton is looking forward to getting the show back on the road against Andres Gutierrez at the SSE Arena on July 29 .
‘ The Jackal ' will take on the hard hitting Mexican in an eliminator for the WBC Featherweight World title - after losing their WBA World title to Leo Santa Cruz in January .
It had been hoped that Frampton would fight at Windsor Park but the two weight world champion says they are looking forward to getting back to the Belfast venue after beating Chris Avalos in their last outing there in 2015 .
“ I am excited and relieved to make an announcement and I think I have been keeping secrets from people asking me where am I fighting and who am I fighting ?
“ I am pleased not to have to keep secrets anymore and I am excited to be fighting back home . ”
And Frampton says it was frustrating trying to get a fight made in their home city .
“ We have tried to get them all . The Leo Santa Cruz fight was ruled out because there were been no pay-per-view dates free in the summer and the money they were earning in America just made it impossible to get them here . It 's just one of those things .
“ Abner Mares is fighting Santa Cruz , so they were out .
“ Jesus Andres Cuellar priced themselves out of the fight .
“ Lee Selby wasted our time . Cristian Mijares did not want the fight .
“ We have looked at loads of fighters but this guy is a good fighter . They are an avoided fighter and I will need to be on my game and switched on at all times .
“ And if I am switched on I think I box the head off him . ”
Frampton says they still want to face Santa Cruz before anyone else after their defeat to the Mexican in Vegas .
“ Santa Cruz is still the number one target as they are the only man to beat me . It just depends on how their fight with Mares goes as that is a hard fight .
“ But we also have Selby and Gary Russell Jnr . There are plenty of big names in this division and I would fight any of them but Santa Cruz is the one I want . ”
Marine Le Pen , French National Front ( FN ) political party leader and Member of the European Parliament , takes part in a voting session at the European Parliament in Strasbourg , France , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
PARIS Skirmishes broke out on Saturday ahead of a campaign rally by French far-right leader Marine Le Pen , prompting the removal of more than a dozen protesters and the evacuation of the hall in Ajaccio , Corsica .
The latest polls ahead of the April-May , two-round presidential election show Le Pen - leader of the anti-immigrant National Front - neck-and-neck with centrist Emmanuel Macron , who is expected to beat them in the runoff .
Polls also show that right behind them , far-left veteran Jean-Luc Melenchon has risen rapidly in opinion polls after their performance in a televised debate early this week , drawing level with conservative candidate Francois Fillon , whose presidential bid has been tainted by corruption charges .
Around 50 Corsica nationalists demonstrated in front of the venue in Ajaccio where Le Pen was holding their rally , chanting `` We do not want the National Front '' , according to local newspaper Corse Matin .
Some of them managed to enter the hall where Le Pen was expected to speak . They clashed with Le Pen 's security team , throwing punches and firing teargas , prompting the evacuation of the hall , the newspaper said .
A Corsican nationalist movement claimed responsibility for incidents .
`` We will never let this party , whose former leader had demanded the death penalty for Corsican political prisoners , come safely to our country , '' the organisation A Ghjuventù Independentista , said in a statement , referring to Marine 's father Jean-Marie Le Pen .
The campaign event was delayed for an hour and moved to another venue , French television BFM TV said .
Le Pen 's campaign manager David Rachline said on Twitter that local authorities had not done enough to secure the venue and had allowed far-left `` militia '' to come too close .
Rachline said a National Front activist was seriously injured during the clashes .
In their stump speech , Le Pen assailed their rivals Macron and Fillon on immigration , security , and ties to the European Union , while making local promises to the Corsican electorate .
( Reporting by Yann Le Guernigou ; Writing by Bate Felix ; Editing by Ros Russell )
Powerful book insider by former seasoned mortgage broker and securitization expert resolves how-to get the bank to cancel foreclosures and work out a win-win solution .
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags :
* Mortgage
* Foreclosure
* Tila Industry :
* Finance Location :
* Atlanta - Georgia - US Subject :
* Products
Media Contact
Uply Media , Inc / Kyle Ransom
4048060548
* * * @ uplymedia.com Uply Media , Inc / Kyle Ransom4048060548
End
-- Would you love to cancel your foreclosure right now ? How about canceling and rescinding your entire mortgage loan ? Uply Media , Inc publisher of Wall Street Mortgage Cancellation Secrets an Amazon and B & N best seller book , today announced secret strategies to resolve foreclosure disputes.Many homeowners may not be aware that the Truth in Lending Act provides `` right of rescission '' to rescind and cancel their mortgages . Wall Street Mortgage Cancellation Secrets book is a self help guide to rescind and cancel a mortgage loan due to improper securitization flaws . Revealing tips for rescinding a mortgage and canceling the security instrument requirements when lenders have committed securitization fraud and failed to reveal non-disclosure circumventing tactics.After writing the bestselling `` The Home Foreclosure EBook , '' over several years ago Kyle Ransom a mortgage securities expert and former mortgage broker with over 16 years of industry experience and 20 plus years of mortgage securities knowledge is back . Their new material `` Wall Street Mortgage Cancellation Secrets '' offers powerful techniques to rescind and cancel mortgages . They serve up `` What Smart Rich People Do n't Tell and Big Banks Will Steal To Not Let You Know '' about foreclosures and mortgage loans.What this book does best is to provide homeowners with insider knowledge to resolve foreclosure disputes . The information inside shows homeowners how-to leverage the Truth in Lending Act so that they can negotiate stronger loan modifications and short sale negotiations . All preventive techniques to stop a foreclosure sale of their property.Wall Street Mortgage Cancellation Secrets can be purchased online at Amazon : Purchase can also be made at B & N online or paperback order placed during any in-store visit :
In this March 29 , 2018 photo , Chinese Ministry of Commerce spokesperson Gao Feng speaks during a press conference at the Ministry of Commerce in Beijing . China has criticized proposed U.S. investment controls on Thursday , May 31 , 2018 , as a violation of global trade rules and says it reserves the right to retaliate if they take effect . Mark Schiefelbein AP Photo
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Plans will soon be submitted to build hundreds of homes , two new schools and shops that could transform the outskirts of Derby .
Applications for 1,950 houses , an 800-place secondary school , a primary school and a shopping centre are set to be submitted as part of the plans for a new village on fields between the A50 and Wragley Way , near Sinfin .
In total , the Infinity Garden Village proposals will see 2,130 houses built . Some 130 homes in Wragley Way have already been approved by Derby City Council . Up to 630 homes will be affordable housing .
Further proposals include building a place of worship , doctor 's clinic , village hall , railway station and cycle paths , along with open space , play areas , sports pitches and allotments .
( Image : South Derbyshire District Council )
Residents will be encouraged to grow their own produce in their gardens or at community allotments as part of a wider `` vision '' for the scheme to have high environmental standards , with widespread trees and hedges .
To help promote this aim , residents are set to be given free bus passes to promote sustainable travel , alongside sufficient numbers of electric charging points and cycle parking .
Homeowners and businesses located in the garden village will be obliged to pay a small annual fee towards the upkeep of the environment in public areas within the village .
Some plots of land will be made available for people who wish to build their own homes .
Housebuilders contributing to the garden village will be obliged to contribute to the development of the area 's construction sector , through a pledge to use a percentage of local businesses and to develop the construction skills of young people in the region .
South Derbyshire District Council , Derby City Council and Derbyshire County Council will oversee the vast project .
The scheme will cover 1,111 acres in total , an area big enough to accommodate 600 football pitches . 289 acres , or four million square feet , of which will be employment land added on as an extension to the current Infinity Park , from which the village plan gets its name .
( Image : South Derbyshire District Council )
It is thought that 5,000 jobs will be created as a result of the project .
To support the scheme , a new primary school and secondary school will be built , with the secondary planned for a site close to Lowes Farm .
A new junction off the A50 at Deep Dale Lane forms the largest single expenditure of the proposals as it is expected to cost around £37.5 million .
First discussed six years ago , the project is expected to take many years to complete .
But now applications for the vast majority of the Wragley Way houses , along with the primary school , secondary school , shopping centre and a phase of the transport infrastructure , are expected in the coming months .
( Image : Google )
As far as funding is concerned , the Infinity Garden Village forms part of a £100 million bid for a chain of garden villages and HS2 infrastructure projects across Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire .
The scheme has received £13 million from the Local Growth Fund and , so far , £4.6 million has been pledged by developers - a figure which is believed to be increasing .
All the landowners affected by the scheme have pledged support for the project .
Derby City Council and South Derbyshire District Council have put in a combined bid for £3.75 million in funding for feasibility studies into transport improvements .
Business rates from the nearby Infinity Park Derby commercial development are to be reused to fund further infrastructure works .
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Rebel Wilson has won their defamation trial against Bauer Media after the jury today returned a unanimous verdict in the star 's favour .
The Pitch Perfect star , 37 , appeared in court every day for the last three weeks the trial has been running , and stood for six days in the witness box giving evidence of how eight magazine articles ruined their life and career .
READ MORE :
• Why Taika wants you to be more racist
• Kiwi ditched major role for risky new show
The articles , published in 2015 by Bauer-owned magazine the Woman 's Day painted Wilson as a serial liar who used those lies - including allegedly lying about their age , name and upbringing - to make it in Hollywood .
Advertisement
According to the Herald Sun , Dr Matthew Collins , QC , closed the case saying there was n't a single piece of evidence that Wilson had ever lied .
`` Why was Bauer Media , with all of its worldwide resources , unable to identify a single person anywhere in the world to whom the supposed lie had been said - a friend , a former friend , a colleague , an agent , a producer , a publicist , a member of the public , anyone ? '' they said .
`` This proceeding has been reported in the press every day over the past three weeks . Why has n't someone come out of the woodwork to corroborate this allegation that Rebel Wilson is a liar ?
`` The reason why they came up with nothing , of course , is obvious . Rebel Wilson has not lied . ''
Dr Collins said Wilson took legal action to `` stand up to a bully '' .
`` She does n't say that these articles are the worst thing that have ever happened in their life and that you should all feel sorry for them They say that they are not a serial liar , as alleged by this defendant , and they seek your verdict to tell that to the world , to tell the world that what this defendant did to them was wrong , '' they said .
`` Rebel Wilson came here to stand up to a bully . Them claim is not about money , it is about restoring their reputation . ''
Piqued by the deteriorating power supply which had led to the closure of many firms in recent times , the Nigerian Young Professionals Forum ( NYPF ) has planned a two day national sensitisation workshop for host community youth leaders where power stations and pipeline installations are located across the country .
The workshop is scheduled to hold on the 25th -26th of September 2017 .
In a statement signed by the founder and chairperson , Mr. Moses Siloko Siasia yesterday , they noted that the nation 's power sector problems are far from being fixed unless major and sustainable steps are taken by the federal government in the strategic engagement of those who are key actors of the unfortunate growing act of sabotage which is killing the economy .
According to him , the proposed workshop is against the backdrop of a statement by the Minister of Works , Power and Housing , Babatunde Fashola , that Nigerians are experiencing irregular power supply due to instability in the national grid owing to low generation , adding that Nigeria is currently generating less than 3,000 megawatts ( MW ) and that once that is the case , the system shuts itself on and off .
Siasia however , lamented that in spite of the fact that the federal government had injected several billions of tax payers ' money into the power sector to stimulate economic growth , the nation is still witnessing daily gas pipeline vandalism , destruction and stealing of power stations equipment , a concern that President Muhammadu Buhari and Fashola on different occasions expressed and blamed on sabotage .
They added that a critical mass of young professionals have lost their jobs because of companies shutting down their operations due to shortage of power supply which has also contributed to the disturbing rate of unemployment in the country .
Their words : ‘ 'This shameful act of sabotage is majorly caused by youths of our generation who have lost faith and do not see themselves as stakeholders in our society .
‘ 'It is imperative to note with our recent findings that it 's only few stakeholders and players in the power sector that is concerned about finding a solution to this menace while some sees it as a cash cow because of their selfish interest .
“ But for us as NYPF , we see it as an opportunity to contribute our quota towards nation building . At the end of the workshop , participants will be strategically engaged as volunteers for proper security surveillance of the nation 's power assets for effective and efficient increased power supply and service delivery “ Siasia concluded ” .
PARIS , April 6 The board of French power utility EDF on Thursday decided not to vote through a motion that could have closed its ageing Fessenheim nuclear plant for good , a trade union official said .
The step could jeopardise a commitment by President Francois Hollande to agree an end to power production at France 's oldest atomic plant in time for the end of their five-year term in office this summer , CGT union official Laurent Langlard said .
`` Broadly speaking this is a snub to the government in that the closure of Fessenheim is not formally signed and sealed , '' they told Reuters .
( Reporting by Michel Rose , writing by Andrew Callus , Editing by Adrian Croft )
A mother is pushing for safer attitudes to weight-loss in combat sports after their daughter died while preparing for an amateur fight .
Jessica Lindsay , an 18-year-old Muay Thai novice , collapsed the day before their second fight was scheduled and died in a Perth hospital four days later when life support was switched off .
Mum Sharron Lindsay has met West Australian Premier Mark McGowan as they crusade to change the culture in combat sports , which have enjoyed a massive rise in popularity around the world in recent years .
They told Perth Now that Australia 's Combat Sports Commission had `` wishy-washy '' rules and was failing to protect fighters .
Advertisement
Lindsay said : `` This ca n't happen again . People need to be educated and people need to understand that Jessica was an articulate , educated , intelligent young lady who did this method of weight-cut by the book and the extent of horrific damage on this one attempt took them life . ''
Jessica 's weight-loss methods included water-loading , running in a rubber sweatsuit and taking hot-salt baths . They had taken `` careful research ... obtaining advice from various people '' before undertaking the tough regime in the week before their fight .
Jessica collapsed while running despite showing no lead up signs of trouble . Ms Lindsay , who also trains in Muay Thai , said dangerous practices were widespread . They want a expedited coroner 's enquiry . Jessica 's Muay Thai gym has also backed the call for State Government action .
Combat commission chairperson Cassandra Wright described their death as a `` tragic incident which has impacted the entire combat sports industry '' . The commission advised against dehydration methods and highlighted the dangers . Guidelines recommend good nutrition and exercise to lose weight .
Wright said : `` ... this is a complex issue that is constantly under review and requires a considered approach that discourages contestants from large weight-cuts and changes the culture of the industry , '' they said .
Paddy Golden , the doctor , chief medical adviser to the CSC and an emergency medicine consultant , said acute water loss was `` very dangerous '' .
`` She was a fit young girl before the weight-cut , '' they said .
`` I liken ( weight-cutting ) to putting a revolver to your head and spinning the chambers . The more weight loss that you have the more empty chambers you take away . ''
Grace Lindsay said their sister did n't like weight-cutting but felt they had to do it .
`` When you do n't make weight you 're shamed for it , you did n't try hard enough , or you bit off more than you can chew and it 's your fault , '' they said .
After collapsing , Jessica was found to have a galloping heart rate of 180 and was placed in an induced coma . Them mother described the cause as `` extreme hydration '' and said internal organs suffered `` horrific '' damage .
Jessica 's own words are an important part of the debate , in understanding the mindset which can lead to such a tragedy .
In a blog , they described their beloved sport as `` beautiful '' , `` empowering '' and `` very addictive '' .
They also wrote : `` If you 're not committed to following a strict diet and exercise regime , you 're not going to make weight . Not making weight is disrespectful to your opponent .
`` Preparing for a fight will be one of the hardest things you will do in your life . Essentially you are putting your body through hell ... to get into a ring with someone whose goal is to hit you ... hard enough to be crowned the winner . To fight , you must be able to have the mental fortitude to overcome that . ''
“ Godrej group of builders is developing an ambitious world-class residential project at Mulund Thane Circle that assures plush elegant apartments surrounded by ample greenery and several uber on-premise amenities . ”
Great News for real estate investors seeking a potential real estate investment opportunity in Mumbai area . Nationally famous real estate builders , Godrej , has recently announced about the launch of its upcoming residential project at Mulund Thane Circle that promises world-class apartments flanked by lush greenery at a reasonable price . Titled “ Godrej Alive ” , the project speaks of excellent facilities for physical activities , entertainment and a happier lifestyle .
Located at the premier location of LBS Road , Thane , the new residential project is close enough to access all the modern amenities of a metro easily yet far enough from the hustle-bustle of a busy city . The entire project spans across a sprawling land of 6 acres that will host 8 residential towers with ample open space and huge parking area . 4 towers have been released on Phase 1 and investors can choose from luxury and ultra-luxe apartments ranging from 2 BHK to 4 BHK flats – as per their needs and budget .
“ Imagine waking up everyday to the chirping of birds followed by a refreshing Tai Chi session in the lap of nature yet without compromising on the comfort of urban amenities . Well , our upcoming project Godrej Alive will bring to you a new address of happy lifestyle where you can experience the best of both worlds- the goodness of nature and the state of the art facilities of an uber luxury apartment . Investors are in for a treat here , ” stated a leading spokesperson from Godrej group of builders .
Godrej Alive Mulund stands out in the city real estate space with its innovative design , grand finish and striking look . The premise opens up with a mind-blowing view with more than 50 % open space dedicated to greenery and amazing physical activities like bungee dancing , Tai Chi , air yoga and so on .
Godrej Alive price stated in the table are exclusive of GST and registration . From the price point of view , you need not be worried about whether to make an investment or not as Godrej properties are known for their brilliant infrastructure and innovation this is the fair price and an affordable option . Also , according to the growth in the real estate market around the location of this project , this can be easily seen that the future value of this project and saying more precisely the price of your apartment will be going to increase .
As Godrej Properties is a big name thus home loans are easily approving for this project and it is the time to make full use of this opportunity so that you can secure your future . To get complete detail about price and to get some attractive offers get in touch with us . Use this opportunity to buy a premium house at the heart of the city .
Contact us for best offer about godrej alive mulund
Tell No : - +91-9810047296 , 9810009987 , ( UK ) + 44 20 3514 5468 , ( USA ) + 646 626 4218
Register For Inquiry fill up the free site visit form : - http : //srkresidency.com
Steel flat rolled products are made of steel and these products have flat surfaces instead of grooved faces . These products include cold rolled coil , hot rolled coils , slab , coated steel products among others . With the help of melting , steel flat rolled products are manufactured and these products have their extensive applications in automotive , construction , packaging and heavy machinery industries . Zinc coating is applied with steel to prevent it from any kind of corrosion . Steel flat rolled product market witness growing demand in coming years .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/steel-flat-rolled-products-market.html
With the rising population base coupled with increasing disposable income , global steel flat rolled product market experience growing demand overtime . Emerging economies such as China , India and South Korea have witnessed significant economic growth rate and that high growth rate is translated into infrastructural development . With the growing base of infrastructure , demand for steel flat rolled products is likely to increase overtime . Industrialization based economic growth has been a growth strategy for many economies including advanced and emerging economies .
Higher concentration of industries in these economies spur the demand for steel flat rolled products thus projecting higher growth trajectory for this market . Real estate industry is a booming sector in these economies and use of steel flat rolled products in residential and non-residential buildings accelerate the growth prospect of this market during the forecast period .
Steel is an expensive material and this factor limits its uses . Hence , contractors switch their preference from steel flat rolled products to other type of products . Moreover , when steel is exposed to environment , this can lead to corrosion and that adversely impacts the lifetime of these steel products .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=23705
These factors limit the use of steel in construction industry thus hindering the market prospect of these products in coming years.With the rising vehicular population , market for steel flat rolled products is expected to witness growing market share overtime . Coated steel have increasing application for making the structural parts of cars and these type of products primarily serves the purpose of corrosion resistance . Cold rolled coils have extensive application in car body parts and in these cases corrosion resistance is not primary objective ; rather maintaining certain level of strength to weight ratio is the prerequisite .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Photo : Charlie PA Images / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Queens of the Stone Age want to creep you out .
Josh Homme and company have shared the band 's latest music video , “ Head Like a Haunted House , ” which lives up to its billing with a wild animated clip that plays like a surreal nightmare .
Related : Queens of the Stone Age Announce 2018 Tour Dates
The clip delves inside the dark recesses of Homme 's mind , featuring the singer traversing through a series of nightmarish scenarios while trying to sleep .
Homme is seen being terrorized by UFOs , flying through the night sky on winged coffins and being assailed by a disembodied green hand that 's permanently flying the middle finger .
“ Head Like a Haunted House , ” which does contain explicit lyrics , is the latest track from QOTSA 's most recent full-length , Villains . Watch the Liam Lynch-directed video below .
REUTERS/Stringer ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY . CHINA OUT . NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN CHINA . - RTX308AW
Gustavo Poyet , coach of Shanghai Shenhua , stands near the field during the AFC Champions League 2017 play-off match between Shanghai Shenhua and Brisbane Roar in Shanghai , China , February 8 , 2017 . Picture taken February 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Stringer ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY . CHINA OUT . NO COMMERCIAL OR EDITORIAL SALES IN CHINA . - RTX308AW
BUENOS AIRES Shanghai Shenhua manager Gustavo Poyet has been pleasantly surprised by the standard of the Chinese Super League during their first season at the club , the Uruguayan told Reuters .
The former Sunderland , Real Betis and AEK Athens boss arrived at Shenhua earlier this year as part of a wave of high-profile coaches and players flooding into the CSL .
China hopes the influx will ultimately raise the standards of the local game to level of the elite but Poyet said the Chinese already played the game at a high tempo with their sights always on the opposition goal .
`` I have been well surprised , there 's a lot of dynamic , the matches a quite open , lots of attacking , counter-attacking , '' Poyet said in a telephone interview .
`` You do n't see teams that only want to defend , from what I 've seen so far , '' the 49-year-old added .
`` They think a lot about attacking , I do n't see a difference with the modern footballer anywhere else in the world . That 's a personal impression having been in England , Spain , Greece and here . ''
True to their Uruguayan roots , Poyet has been concerned that their team also defend well , though , even if they think they are battling an international trend .
`` There is a worldwide tendency among the young , there are very few who want to defend and for me , defence is part of the game , '' they said .
`` I 'm lucky here in Shanghai in having defenders of a certain age who are first of all defenders , who are helping me to defend . ''
Settling into a new and different country is something Poyet , their marquee Argentine forward Carlos Tevez and other imports from the football heartlands of Europe and South America have had to face - and not just in their personal lives .
`` One thinks that because ( Tevez ) is quality he 's going to come here and make the difference , '' said Poyet , who played in midfield for Chelsea , Tottenham Hotspur and Real Zaragoza and won the 1995 Copa America with Uruguay .
`` But the rhythm , the style , counter-attack after counter-attack , is complicated , you 've got to adapt , slot into the good counter-attacks somehow because if not , you go crazy . ''
NEW ERA
Poyet said the initial boom period when players of the calibre of Didier Drogba and Nicolas Anelka went to China at the end of their careers has been overtaken by a new era with players being brought into the league in their prime .
They cited the example of 25-year-old Brazil forward Oscar , who joined local rivals Shanghai SIPG from Chelsea around the same time as Tevez joined Shenhua .
`` If this plan can be maintained , it can become a spectacular league , '' they said .
`` It will be watched by the whole world and today it is already being seen much more than last year , now it is broadcast in South America , England and as more leading players come here the more it will get watched . ''
Poyet is well aware that China 's ultimate goal in turning the Super League into a top level competition is to get the national team to a standard where it will qualify regularly for the World Cup finals .
Although Guangzhou Evergrande have won the Asian Champions League twice in the last five years , China have qualified only once for the World Cup in 2002 .
They lost all three matches without scoring a goal in South Korea 15 years ago and hopes Marcello Lippi 's side might reach the 2018 finals in Russia have already all but disappeared .
`` The ACL is one of the goals but I think the main goal is the national team , more than the clubs which is more local , '' they said .
`` As a country , what China wants is for the national team to qualify for the World Cup in a natural and constant way and they only got there once some time ago .
`` And for that they need the league to improve , to be more competitive and that good players emerge constantly to the benefit of the national team . ''
Poyet has long digested February 's shock loss at home to Brisbane Roar in an ACL playoff round , when Shenhua went behind after only two minutes and lost 2-0 .
`` What really hurt was the pile of inventions that came from it , '' Poyet said .
`` Especially an Italian journalist who wrote that Tevez was leaving and they could kick me out because there was a clause in my contract that said they could if we lost that match ...
`` It was shameful . ''
With Shenhua 11th in the 16 team league with one win in four games , Poyet has plenty of work to do if they are to achieve the season 's second objective , to qualify for next year 's ACL `` directly , if we can '' .
( Editing by Nick Mulvenney )
Southwoods ' Paolo Wong recalled their fierce form and fired a four-under 68 , beating Jolo Magcalayo by three for the men 's crown while Yuka Saso completed their domination of the ladies field with a 69 in the Championship division of the 17th Canlubang Amateur Open at Cangolf 's South and North courses in Laguna yesterday .
Advertisements
Wong struck with late birdies on both nines to card a pair of 34s and pool a 54-hole total of 208 , three shots clear of club bet Magcalayo , who turned in a 69 for a 211 while Gido Mandanas , also of Cangolf , placed a far third at 217 after a 74 in the annual event put up annually by the host club and the Yulo family as part of their effort to help develop the sport .
Paolo Barro of Villamor skied to a 78 and wound up fourth at 224 followed by Jonas Magcalayo ( 76-225 ) , Carlo Villaroman ( 75-226 ) , Rolando Balasabas ( 74-229 ) , Edsel Opulencia ( 76-231 ) , Seung Hyeon Back ( 84 ) and Kim Tae Soo ( 80 ) , who finished tied at 234 .
Saso , on the other hand , added the Cangolf Am title to their list of victories this year , including the Phl Amateur and the Phl Matchplay , as they closed out with a 69 for a 36-hole aggregate of 134 , including a solid 65 in the first round .
That was a whopping 13-stroke victory over Nicole Abelar , who groped for a 74 and a 147 while Annyka Cayabyab placed third at 150 after a 73 followed by Sophia Blanco ( 78-153 ) , Mafy Singson ( 82-153 ) , Laia Barro ( 91-153 ) and Kang Da Yeon ( 81-157 ) .
Wong , who padded their lead to two despite a second round 73 , moved 3-up with a birdie on No . 1 , dropped a stroke on the next but birdied Nos . 7 and 9 to regain a three-stroke lead as Magcalayo settled for an opening 35 .
Magcalayo tried to press their bid with a birdie on No . 12 but Wong countered with their own birdie feat on the next before the latter birdied Nos . 16 and 18 to secure the victory despite a bogey finish .
Saso , on the other hand , sustained their bogey-free opening 65 with birdies on Nos . 2 and 5 but fumbled with their first bogey on the sixth and dropped another stroke on No . 8 before birdying the ninth .
But after four pars at the back , the talented Fil-Japanese shotmaker hit back-to-back birdies from No . 14 then holed out with another birdie to negate their third bogey on No . 16 .
Things you must n't miss ...
1 Poetry . Enjoy a celebration of words and music with poet Tamar Yoseloff reading at Chichester Library , Tower Street , Chichester on Thursday , March 22 at 7.30pm . Tickets £7 ( to include glass of wine ) are available from Chichester Library on 01243 777351 .
2 Music . Scottish musicians Aly Bain & Phil Cunningham return to Emsworth on Friday , March 23 after a two-year absence.Shetlander Aly is internationally known for their fiddle playing whilst Edinburgh-based accordionist Phil has been playing the instrument since they were a schoolboy member of the band Silly Wizard . Aly & Phil are at Emsworth Baptist Church and tickets for their 8pm show are from Bookends ( Emsworth ) , www.wegottickets.com and 07802 500050 .
3 Music . Selsey Folk & Music Club welcome The Jigantics to Selsey The Town Hall on Saturday , March 24 . More details on www.selseyfolkandmusicclub.co.uk . The club is on Facebook too .
4 Music . Grayshott Folk Club presents Harp and a Monkey plus Jim Cozens on Saturday , March 24 at 7.30pm . Folk experimentalists Harp and a Monkey sing songs about cuckolded mole catchers , a lone English oak tree that grows at Gallipoli , care in the community and medieval pilgrims… . Grayshott Village Hall , Headley Road , Grayshott , GU26 6TZ . Call Des O'Byrne on 01428 607096
5 Music . Musicians Zoe Peate ( soprano ) , Gary Prior ( piano ) , Bryony Prior ( French horn ) and Paul Newton ( trumpet ) present a feast of music by Strauss ( Franz & Richard ) , Purcell , Henri Busser , Rogers & Hart and Hoagy Carmichael . This short lunchtime concert , a fundraising event for the Cystic Fibrosis Trust , is a family affair ; Bryony has CF and is the daughter of Zoe and Gary , while Paul is Bryony 's partner . Free admission , retiring collection in aid of the Cystic Fibrosis Trust.12 to 12.45 , Saturday , March 24 , Steyning Centre .
6 Theatre . Lemons Lemons Lemons is the intriguing title of the next production from Arundel 's Drip Action theatre company . Written by Sam Steiner , it will be directed by Bill Brennan at The Victoria Institute , Tarrant Street , Arundel from Wednesday , March 21-Saturday , March 24 . Tickets are available from The Book Ferret in Arundel in advance or limited numbers on the door , subject to demand .
7 Theatre . Guildford 's Yvonne Arnaud Youth Theatre : Encore make their performance debut as they rediscover the magic and wonder of the original Grimm Tales , retold by Philip Pullman in the Mill Studio from Thursday to Saturday , March 22 to 24 . In this stage version , you might meet a selection of familiar characters – Little Red Riding Hood and the big , bad Wolf , Rapunzel – and some unexpected ones too ( top circle ) .Tickets on 01483 440000 .
8 Art . Victor Braun , a Chichester resident since 2015 , offers an exhibition of painting at the city 's Oxmarket Gallery until March 25 . Victor explained : “ It will be an exhibition of paintings made between 2016 and now . My work is based on emotional projection . I try to reach an emotion , feel it , live it and carve this onto the canvas . ”
9 Comedy . Top comedy is the promise at the VegfestUK Brighton Vegan Comedy Festival . Mike Kelson is to compare the comedy festival which will feature Dave Chawner , Chris Stokes , James Cartwright , Sonja Quita Doubleday , Adele Cliff , Sami Stone ( lower circle ) and more . Spokeswoman Karin Ridgers said : “ Dozens of vegan comedians will be entertaining visitors to VegfestUK Brighton with their witty stories and humour at the Vegan Comedy Festival , part of the show on both days March 24-25 at the Brighton Centre . ”
10 Talk . Enjoy an audience with the BBC world affairs editor as An Evening with John Simpson comes to Guildford 's Yvonne Arnaud Theatre on Saturday , March 24 . John Simpson is a journalist and broadcaster .
More from Phil on https : //www.chichester.co.uk/author/Phil.Hewitt2
See also : https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/new-film-finding-your-feet-features-chichester-s-frankie-oatway-1-8420223
Chinese politics in the main is carried out in the shadows , shielded from public scrutiny and producing pre-determined outcomes through a process termed democracy according to socialism with Chinese characteristics .
China 's rubber-stamp legislature , the National People 's Congress , is no different , with the nearly 3,000 delegates unfailingly voting according to the program handed down to them by the Communist Party leadership .
This year 's session saw the approval of constitutional amendments allowing President Xi Jinping to continue in office for an unlimited number of terms and reappointing them as head of state by a margin of 2,970 to none .
More than ever , the rank and file of the one-party authoritarian state appear as faceless cogs and silhouettes in the wheel of governance , devoid of personal views that might clash with the leadership 's and content to serve a regime that has delivered relative prosperity and political stability to China for four decades .
UPDATE 1-Qatar National Bank sees no big deposit outflows
DUBAI , June 14 Qatar National Bank ( QNB ) , the largest bank in the Middle East and Africa , has seen no significant outflows of deposits since a diplomatic rift started between Qatar and certain other Arab countries , it said on Wednesday .
Ilana Lydia
Contact
Box Office
* * * @ brelby.com Box Office
End
-- Brelby Theatre'sfeatures the work of six playwrights , each of whom were given the prompt `` imagine , '' `` create '' or `` inspire . `` Illana Lydia 's childhood background is in science fiction—specifically , , the , and the various forms of . She 's intimately familiar with the concept of the bug-eyed monster . They thought it would be fun to have a show featuring two bug-eyed monster boys as some kind of galactic creators.Lydia slips into sci-fi speak without missing a beat . `` Most of the time , bug-eyed monsters are various shades of evil ; from the squid-like creature inhabiting a Dalek to the Vogons to the Gorn , '' they said . `` They 're not too complex in personality , just wanting to kill the heroes . I asked myself , but what if we had some bug-eyed monsters who were n't fully formed yet into evil beings , but still kids , figuring things out on their own ? `` `` The Little Girl character developed from my understanding of the historical Cleopatra , '' they continued . `` Here was a woman who was the most educated person alive in their time , who knew 37 different languages and had their own scientific equipment to perform experiments , and I wondered , would n't that type of personality be the inevitable result of being left to one 's own devices for centuries ? `` John Perovich , who Lydia says has done an `` outstanding job casting and shaping the piece , '' directs the original production . `` He had an excellent feel for what each actor needed to bring to the table , and every one of them has risen to the occasion , '' they continued.Lydia said they were surprised by how much fun the actors seemed to be having , encouraged by the director . `` On one level , '' said Lydia , `` this play is a farcical tale with a silly premise : what if two bug-eyed monster boys were creators of the world , and one of them fell in love with a little human girl ? On another level , the piece is about the male gaze and what it 's like to be a woman on display who has been created for the pleasure of their male viewers , but who bursts through this restrictive construct spectacularly . Audiences do n't need to take away the second level of the show , but I 'd love for them to question the role of gender in relationships of power . `` By Ilana LydiaDirected by John PerovichWith : Charlie – Tim McCandlessPete - Eric BondLittle Girl – Alexandra UtpadelLittle Girl 's Reflection - Melody ChrispenBrelby partners with downtown Glendale businesses to offer more options for audience members . By showing their digital ticket , audiences can receive 10 % off of their bill at the Hop Stop Diner , 10 % off of any entrée at Haus Murphy 's Restaurant , and 10 % off of a customer 's bill at the Olde Towne Glendale ( OTG ) Beer & Wine Bar or the Gaslight Inn.performs at 7:30pm January 6-7 , 13-14 and at 2pm January 8.Tickets are available by visiting the official web site at www.brelby.com/ tickets . General admission is $ 15 per performance . Admission tois included in the benefits of Brelby 's ShowGO subscription : brelby.com/showgo . The Brelby Playhouse is located at 7154 N 58th Dr , Glendale , AZ 85301 .
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt 's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year 's Eve . However , if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year , there are enough local family activities on New Year 's Day .
March 31 MAGNOLIA BOSTAD AB :
* MAGNOLIA BOSTAD SIGNS AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE PROPERTY IN TUMBA
* SIGNS AN AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE PROPERTY TUMBA 7:241 IN BOTKYRKA MUNICIPALITY
* DEAL IS ALSO CONDITIONAL UPON APPROVAL OF A LOCAL PLAN ALLOWING FOR CONSTRUCTION OF A MINIMAL LEVEL OF HABITABLE GROSS AREA
* ACQUISITION IS MADE THROUGH A COMPANY TRANSFER AND PURCHASE PRICE WILL BE DETERMINED WHEN A REVISED LOCAL PLAN ALLOWING FOR RESIDENTIAL CONSTRUCTION HAS BEEN APPROVED
* SELLER IS JERNHUSEN AND DEAL IS CONDITIONAL UPON A DECISION OF BOARD OF JERNHUSEN AB ON APRIL 27 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
The Santa Barbara Tennis Patrons , a local organization that promotes junior tennis in Santa Barbara , was the recipient of a $ 2,000 donation from the Santa Barbara Polo & Racquet Club tennis teams .
The Santa Barbara Women 's Interclub League held its end of the season luncheon on June 6 on the Polo field , hosted by the Polo Club . The Santa Barbara Polo & Racquet Club announced that the Santa Barbara Tennis Patrons would be the recipient of this year 's donation . Monies were raised from raffle tickets .
Present at the presentation were Cathyann Simon and Elizabeth Winterhalter from the Patrons ; Sandy Oshinsky , past commissioner of the league ; Megan Clayton , captain of the Polo A team ; Polo Club pro Lance Kronberg ; and director of tennis Bart Hillock .
The Santa Barbara Tennis Patrons promotes junior tennis in Santa Barbara .
This year 's donation is earmarked for memberships and lessons for children who otherwise could not afford to participate .
— Sandy Oshinsky represents Santa Barbara Tennis Patrons .
Aug 13 , 2017 ; Toronto , Ontario , Canada ; Elina Svitolina of Ukraine plays a shot against Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark ( not pictured ) during the women 's final of the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Aviva Centre . Mandatory Credit : Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sportsorts
TORONTO ( Reuters ) - Ukrainian Elina Svitolina capped a remarkable week in Toronto by beating Dane Caroline Wozniacki 6-4 6-0 at the Rogers Cup on Sunday to capture their tour-leading fifth title of the season .
Fifth seed Svitolina , whose run to the final included wins over Venus Williams , Wimbledon champion Garbine Muguruza and defending champion Simona Halep , used a strong return game throughout the 77-minute match to beat sixth seed Wozniacki .
`` It was an incredible week . Played against great players , I beat them , and it 's just something really amazing and I am very , very tired , '' said Svitolina , who was playing their third match in two days after rain pushed their quarter-final to Saturday .
`` I left everything out there . It 's been incredible that I could go through this . I did n't even think that I could . ''
Aug 13 , 2017 ; Toronto , Ontario , Canada ; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark plays a shot against Elina Svitolina of Ukraine ( not pictured ) during the women 's final of the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Aviva Centre . Mandatory Credit : Dan Hamilton-USA TODAY Sports
The 22-year-old Ukrainian was so doubtful that they could even reach the final that they had a flight booked on Friday to the next tournament in Cincinnati .
But Svitolina showed they clearly belonged , using a mix of powerful groundstrokes and an impressive return game to secure their fourth victory over a top-10 opponent this week .
With the win , Svitolina will move up one spot to a career-high world number four when the new rankings are released on Monday .
Svitolina , who has yet to lose in a final this year , broke Wozniacki three times during the first set and another three times during a lopsided second set to deny the former world number one their first title since last October .
Wozniacki was playing in their sixth final of 2017 but the 2010 Rogers Cup champion has yet to come out on top following losses at Doha , Dubai , Miami , Eastbourne and Bastad .
JOHANNESBURG , April 10 South African retailer Pick n Pay Stores Ltd said on Monday it expects full-year profit to increase between 15 to 20 percent , buoyed by disciplined cost measures and higher productivity in stores .
* Headline earnings per share ( HEPS ) for the 52 weeks ended February 2017 will be between 257.65 and 268.85 cents per share compared to 224.04 cents per share in 2016 .
* `` Greater operating efficiency is evident in the strong discipline on cost , more centralised supply chain and higher productivity in stores , '' the company said in a statement .
* Pick n Pay , which also trades in Namibia , Zimbabwe and Zambia , said turnover growth of 7 percent reflects a difficult trading environment , alongside some internal disruption from refurbishments and store closures .
* Sluggish economic growth , depressed consumer confidence and heightened competition is weighing on retailers in South Africa .
* Pick n Pay has lost ground in South Africa to rivals such as market leader Shoprite , after failing to invest in new stores . But Richard Brasher , a former UK head of Tesco who took over as Pick n Pay CEO in 2013 , is implementing a plan to win back market share .
* The firm is expected to release its full-year results on April 19 . ( Reporting by Nqobile Dludla , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Over the New Year period I was heartened to see the news that Rams full-back Craig Forsyth had signed a new contract keeping them at Pride Park until 2020 .
Over the past few seasons Craig has had terrible luck with injuries - and a new deal is just rewarded for the effort they have put in both on and off the field .
The name Forsyth and the full-back position goes back a long way at Derby .
Seeing Craig playing for the Rams with Forsyth on the back of their jersey always reminds me of their namesake from the 1980s and 1990s - a certain Michael Forsyth .
Brucey , as they were known to Ram fans , was one of a string of excellent signings made by Arthur Cox as they strove to get Derby County back into the top flight .
Former Derby County manager Arthur Cox made a huge mistake when they sold Paul Goddard
Cox signed the young full-back from West Bromwich Albion , where they had started their career as an apprentice .
They joined Derby County in March , 1986 , for the absolute bargain price of just £26,000 . It was to be some of the best money ever spent by the Derby manager . That 's because Forsyth would go on to play more than 400 games for the Rams .
When Cox signed them they were quoted as saying : “ He is one we feel has the capacity to be an asset for the club. ” They were right .
After playing in central defence , Forsyth slotted into the left-back role created by the departure of Steve Buckley .
They helped Derby achieve promotion back to the First Division - and their totally-committed style of play earned them favour with Rams fans who voted them Player of the Year in the 1987/88 season .
They also went on to play for the England Under-21s and the England B side .
And despite relegation in 1991 , Forsyth stayed loyal and joined in the fight to get Derby back into the top flight .
Sadly , the Rams did n't manage to do so when they were at the club - but came agonisingly close .
They were part of the team that was beaten by Leicester City in the play-off showdown at Wembley in 1994 .
It was their second appearance at Wembley having captained the side which lost to Cremonese in the Anglo-Italian Cup final the previous season .
In 1995 , their Derby County career came to a close . They moved to Notts County and then Wycombe Wanderers before spells at Burton Albion and Gresley Rovers .
For me , Forsyth can rightly be hailed as one of Derby County 's greatest servants .
They were brave in the challenge - hence a certain fans chant which I can not repeat here but hailed their commitment to the cause .
In terms of memorable goals , there is one in particular that Brucey scored which is still lodged in the old noddlebox . It was against Liverpool - the city in which Forsyth was born .
During the 1987/88 season Liverpool were unstoppable - they ended up winning the league by nine points .
Derby on the other hand were only interested in getting enough points to survive their first season back in the First Division .
On March 16 , 1988 , the Mighty Reds came to the Baseball Ground . I remember it was one of those atmospheric night games .
Liverpool were expected to win hands down . With the likes of Bruce Grobbelaar , Alan Hansen , John Barnes and Peter Beardsley in their starting line-up , who would have bet against them ?
When Craig Johnston netted for the Reds , some might have expected the floodgates to open . But Derby held firm - and started to fight back .
The Rams ' persistence finally paid off . Derby scored with a goal that was started and finished by Forsyth .
Picking up the ball just inside the Liverpool half , they cut inside Ray Houghton and attempted to find another Derby player .
The ball was intercepted by a Liverpool defender but it came back to Forsyth who had continued their run .
They then went past another Liverpool player before spraying the ball out wide to substitute Gary Micklewhite who delivered one of their trademark low centres into the box . Who was there to meet it ? One Michael Forsyth !
It was a brilliant goal - and I can still hear the cheer of the Baseball Ground faithful ringing in my ears .
That is how it finished . 1-1 . Derby had held the all-conquering Liverpool . It felt like a win .
Today , we have a modern-day Forsyth playing at full-back for Derby in the form of Craig Forsyth .
If they go on to achieve half the things Brucey achieved at Derby then they will be able to look back on their career with a great deal of satisfaction .
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
Brazilian Foreign Minister Aloysio Nunes speaks during a news conference at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Asuncion , Paraguay March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
BRASILIA The Brazilian government on Tuesday called the plan for a constituent assembly announced by the president of neighbouring Venezuela a `` coup '' to change the country 's political rules to their liking .
`` President Nicholas Maduro 's proposal for a constituent assembly is a coup d'état . It is another break with democracy , violating the country 's constitution , '' Brazilian Foreign Minister Aloysio Nunes said in a statement posted on Facebook .
Nunes said social organizations controlled by Maduro would elect the constituents and draw up a constitution `` as they want it . ''
( Reporting by Anthony Boadle ; Editing by Peter Cooney )
By Joe Leogue
The Government 's failure to curb ticket-touting was criticised again as some secondhand websites advertise tickets for the upcoming U2 concerts in Dublin for more than €1,700 each .
Tickets for the concerts in the Three Arena later this year were snapped up in minutes , only for some to emerge for sale on second-hand sites for multiple times their face value .
The Irish Examiner reports that it found tickets on sale on Viagogo for one of the U2 shows for €1,758 each .
Viagogo offers ticket reselling services in dozens of countries , and opened its international operations centre in Limerick in 2014 . The next year it announced its intention to double its workforce in Ireland over three years , from 100 to more than 200 employees .
Viagogo directed all queries to a Q & A section on its website . “ We have no further comment beyond these answers , ” its press office said .
One of the country 's largest concert promoters , Peter Aiken , has criticised the Government 's support for a Viagogo .
Mr Aiken said they would welcome legislation that tackles ticket touting , the sale of fake tickets , and ticket reselling at inflated prices . However , they questioned why such moves are being made by politicians when a government minister cut the ribbon on Viagogo 's Limerick office , which received support from IDA Ireland .
Fine Gael TD Noel Rock has proposed legislation that would ban selling tickets at above face value , and said the controversy over the price of U2 tickets is evidence such laws are needed .
Mr Rock said : “ This is now happening on a weekly basis with concerts big and small , as well as larger sporting events : people know they can make a quick few quid by snapping up tickets via advance sales , and make at least double their money back .
“ This situation can not continue : the ticketing industry can not be relied upon to regulate itself . Time and time again , they promise that things will change . Time and time again , they fail to change things . It 's time for the Government to step in with legislation . ”
However , Mr Aiken , who was in Cork yesterday to announce the latest acts to play Live at the Marquee , questioned why the Government gave Viagogo its support . The then-enterprise minister Richard Bruton officially opened Viagogo 's Limerick base in 2015 .
“ Viagogo are in Limerick . One of the ministers from Fine Gael went up and cut the ribbon for them . Does that minister want to close it down and say there 's a loss of 100 jobs ? ” Mr Aiken said .
Mr Aiken said they would support legislation to protect concertgoers .
“ It would be great , but ring the minister who opened Viagogo and ask them why they did that , ” they said . “ When you go to buy U2 tickets today , and google ‘ U2 tickets Dublin ' the first site that pops up is Viagogo . They pay for that , thousands of pounds for that , and that 's why people buy tickets from them . ”
The promoter said that touting is not as big an issue in Ireland as it is in other markets .
“ You 'll get a few people speculating but it 's not some big organised syndicate doing it , ” they said . “ It is in markets like London and New York , big markets where people will pay anything for tickets . But how many ticket touts do you have in Cork ? None . ”
Mr Aiken also said greater protections are needed for concertgoers who are sold fake tickets to events .
“ It 's fraud . If you went to a cash machine and someone hit you over the head and took €50 , the police would do something about it , ” they said . “ But when you 're standing at the box office every night , including down at the Marquee , people turn up with bits of paper for tickets that do n't exist and they 've paid €500 for tickets . That happens at every gig . ”
Responding to Mr Aiken , Mr Rock said there is “ nothing untoward ” about the support Viagogo had received .
“ The reality is that Viagogo was a perfectly legal trading entity and remains so , ” Mr Rock said , adding that the website would be expected to comply with their proposed legislation if it is approved by the Dáil .
Mr Rock said that should Viagogo find its operations are no longer viable under such laws , it would be “ one of those facts of life ” .
Share it :
Do n't Miss
LAFAYETTE , Colo. — A physical education teacher at a middle school in Lafayette , Colorado was placed on paid administrative leave Thursday pending the outcome of an investigation , Boulder Valley School District officials confirmed .
Lafayette Police say the investigation into Karen Smith stems from an allegation they assaulted a student who refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance .
Police responded to Angevine Middle School around noon Thursday . Detectives are currently conducting interviews to determine what happened and if criminal charges are warranted .
District officials declined to confirm details surrounding the alleged incident . However , in a letter sent to parents , administrators write that they are cooperating with police .
School officials say Smith , a 20-year veteran of the Boulder Valley School District , will be replaced with a substitute teacher for the time being .
The school also asks that “ everyone respects Ms. Smith 's privacy , ” and stress they are “ dedicated , as always , to supporting our students and ensuring that we have qualified educators working with them during their physical education time . ”
April 3 Mallinckrodt Plc , a manufacturer of the generic painkiller oxycodone , said on Monday it had reached a $ 35 million settlement to resolve U.S. probes into its monitoring and reporting of suspicious orders of controlled substances .
The drug company said that the agreement in principle is subject to additional review and approval by the U.S. Justice Department and U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and will not have a material effect on Mallinckrodt 's financial condition . ( Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston )
Brazil 's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo , June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil 's largest lender by market value , said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA , Banco Santander , Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal .
The New England Patriots band will break up after Super Bowl and they have every intention of going out on a high note when they take on the underdog Philadelphia Eagles in Sunday 's National Football League championship game .
Playing in their third Super Bowl in four years , the Patriots success could be their dynasty 's demise with offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels and defensive mastermind Matt Patricia poised to move to the head coaching ranks soon after the Vince Lombardi trophy is hoisted .
The three pillars of the Patriots empire , quarterback Tom Brady , coach Bill Belichick and owner Robert Kraft , remain in place but even there cracks in the foundation have begun to appear with an ESPN report this month detailing dissension at the top of the New England ranks .
The Patriots , however , have rarely been distracted from their objective . Even the Deflategate scandal that swirled around the team in 2015 could not cause them to lose focus as they beat the Seattle Seahawks to be crowned champions .
“ We prepare for all situations that we can going into a game , ” Belichick told reporters . “ We have a game plan , as the game unfolds then we 'll adjust as we go .
“ Every game is different , every team 's different , every situation is a little bit different so we 'll just do what we normally do . ”
Normally that means winning championships .
Brady and Belichick have teamed up to win five Super Bowls , including two in the last three years and another on Sunday would tie them with the Pittsburgh Steelers for the most by any franchise .
Number six will once again hinge on the arm and play of their evergreen 40-year-old quarterback , who has faced as many questions about retirement during Super Bowl week as they have about the Eagles pass rush .
Most valuable player
Statistically , there certainly would seem no good reason for Brady to hang up the cleats . They led the NFL in passing yards this season with 4,577 while their 32 touchdown passes ranked third .
For those looking for a sign of decline there has been none . They have their team back in the Super Bowl for the third time in four years and has had the type of season that has once again placed them in the most valuable player conversation .
Brady could be without their favourite target in tight end Rob Gronkowski , who remains under concussion protocol , but will have plenty of weapons at their disposal including Danny Amendola , who had two touchdown grab catches in their comeback win over the Jacksonville Jaguars in the AFC championship game .
The Patriots and Eagles have met once before in the Super Bowl , in 2005 when New England beat Philadelphia 24-21 and Brady will be the only player from either team on the field on Sunday who took part in that game .
Since then New England has been back to the Super Bowl four times , winning it twice . Philadelphia has been back once .
The Eagles have made it to their third Super Bowl despite losing number one quarterback Carson Wentz to a knee injury in Week 14 after leading their team to a 10-2 record .
The loss looked a devastating blow to the city 's hopes of celebrating a first Super Bowl title but back-up Nick Foles has stepped up , leading Philadelphia to playoff wins over the Atlanta Falcons and Minnesota Vikings .
The key to victory for Philadelphia will be the play of their defensive line , which is among the league 's best , and putting pressure on Brady .
The Eagles will give the Patriots the respect they have earned and deserve but will not be intimidated .
“ All I can tell you is , we 're coming home with that trophy , ” Philadelphia wide receiver Alshon Jeffery said .
– Reuters
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - EVOLUTION GAMING GROUP AB ( PUBL ) :
* EVOLUTION EXTENDS SCIENTIFIC GAMES PARTNERSHIP TO EXPAND EXCLUSIVE LIVE CASINO GAMES PORTFOLIO
* HAS EXTENDED ITS EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS CONTENT PARTNERSHIP WITH SCIENTIFIC GAMES​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
JOHANNESBURG The speaker of South Africa 's parliament said on Sunday they would consider a request from opposition parties to hold a 'no confidence ' vote on President Jacob Zuma .
Previous no-confidence motions against Zuma have failed as the ANC has a commanding majority , but there is a growing backlash against them from within their own party and its allies after a string of missteps which have culminated with their firing of a respected finance minister that rocked markets .
Speaker Baleka Mbete , who is also the national chairperson of the ruling African National Congress ( ANC ) , said in a televised news conference after they cut short a trip abroad that they wanted to ensure the opposition requests were `` given the appropriate consideration . ''
`` I must stress that I am alive to the extreme challenges and sense of anxiety our young democracy is going through at this moment , '' Mbete said .
Analysts say the sacking of finance minister Pravin Gordhan last week may trigger damaging credit downgrades from ratings agencies , which would drive up the government 's borrowing costs and restrict its ability to carry out the populist redistribution policies Zuma has indicated they want to pursue .
Zuma 's authority has been steadily undermined as their administration has staggered through a series of blunders and scandals , including the use of state funds to make lavish improvements to their rural homestead and a debacle that threatened the payment of social grants to millions who depend on them .
ANC SPLITS
The ANC , which has governed since the end of apartheid in 1994 , is now riven by splits .
Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa said they disagreed with the decision to sack Gordhan and other top ANC officials have also expressed their dismay at the move .
The South African Communist Party , a key political ally of the ANC , called on Friday for Zuma to resign .
Gordhan , an owlish technocrat who usually appears composed in public , on Saturday made an emotional call for `` mass mobilisation '' at a memorial gathering for anti-apartheid activist Ahmed Kathrada , where the crowd chanted for the removal of Zuma , who was pointedly asked by the family not to attend .
Opposition parties and ANC sources allege that Gordhan was ousted because they were obstructing access to state funds that Zuma and their allies coveted .
Ramaphosa said Zuma removed Gordhan on the basis of a `` spurious '' intelligence report that accused them and their deputy Mcebisi Jonas , who was also dismissed , of plotting with banks in London to undermine the South African economy . Gordhan dismissed the report as `` absolute nonsense . ''
`` We are fast running out of time to save our country from the clutches of the Zuma administration , '' Mmusi Maimane , leader of the biggest opposition party , the centrist Democratic Alliance ( DA ) , said on Sunday .
The DA and the ultra-left Economic Freedom Fighters Party ( EFF ) both wrote Mbete asking that they reconvene parliament and hold an urgent sitting for a no-confidence motion .
The ANC has 249 seats in the 400-seat parliament . DA sources say they can not rely on all opposition members to support the motion , so they probably need 60 MPs from the ruling party to side with them to get the majority needed to topple Zuma .
Zuma , who turns 75 this month , is a traditional Zulu and ex-intelligence operative with an earthy demeanour who has proven themselves a political survivor over the years in the face of numerous challenges , including hundreds of corruption charges that were dropped in 2009 but could still be reinstated .
( Reporting by Ed Stoddard ; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt , Greg Mahlich )
TORONTO — Diners at some of Canada 's largest restaurant chains might notice something a little bit different about their drink orders in the coming months .
Restaurant giant Recipe Unlimited Corporation , formerly known as Cara Operations , and its 19 brands will be ditching plastic straws in August in favour of compostable and biodegradable paper straws by the end of March 2019 .
The company , which owns brands such as Harvey 's , Swiss Chalet , Kelsey 's and New York Fries , joins a growing group of Canadian restaurants and international food corporations that are phasing out the plastic drinking implements . In early June , quick-serve brand A & W Canada said it would soon switch to paper straws , while Ikea Canada promised to phase out plastic straws by 2020 . Plenty of local bars and dining establishments followed suit .
McDonald 's also announced in June that it will switch to paper straws at all its locations in the United Kingdom and Ireland , and test an alternative to plastic ones in some of its U.S. restaurants later this year .
The shift comes amid global pressure from environmentalists demanding restaurants switch to compostable options in an effort to stop wildlife from getting stuck and injured by plastic and to prevent the material from littering coastlines and green spaces .
Experts say Canadians use about 57 million straws a day , but less than 20 per cent are recycled . They often recommend paper , metal or wood straws as alternatives .
`` Our goal is to enrich life in Canada ... and that extends beyond our restaurants and guests , to our oceans , wildlife and environment , '' said Frank Hennessey , Recipe Unlimited 's chief executive officer in a statement . `` Straws are just one component of the work we 're undertaking to eliminate single use plastics from our supply chain and shift to recyclable or compostable materials wherever possible . ''
While plastic straw bans are being championed by environmentalists and restaurants alike , they have also generated concerns because some people with disabilities say they need them and worry that sweeping bans will have unintended consequences .
Still , many restaurant brands appear to be moving ahead with phasing out the plastic implements .
Recipe Unlimited , which has 1,382 restaurants , says compostable and biodegradable straws will automatically be provided with drink orders at its quick serve brands , including the Burgers Priest and St-Hubert . Paper straws will be available on request at its full-service restaurants like the Pickle Barrel , The Keg and Milestones .
Cork City will begin their defence of the FAI Cup away from home .
The holders have been drawn against Dublin side Home Farm .
Last year 's beaten finalists will welcome Cobh Ramblers to Oriel Park while there is an all-Premier Division tie between Drogheda United and Shamrock Rovers .
There is a local derby in Inchicore as three-time cup winners St Patrick 's Athletic travel to take on Leinster Senior League side Inchicore Athletic .
Ulster Senior League side Cockhill Celtic face a difficult challenge against Limerick while Skerries Town will take on high-flying Waterford .
All ties will be played between August 10 and 12 .
📣 The Irish Daily Mail FAI Senior Cup First Round draw is below ! # FAICup 🏆 Champions @ CorkCityFC will travel to @ Homefarm_FC in the first round ! All fixtures set to be played the week ending August 12th ! pic.twitter.com/6RH1wVLNtR — FAIreland ⚽️🇮🇪 ( @ FAIreland ) July 4 , 2018
Here is the draw in full :
Drogheda United v Shamrock Rovers
UCD v Pike Rovers
Blarney United v Derry City
Shelbourne v Athlone Town
Newmarket Celtic v Cabinteely
Cockhill Celtic v Limerick
Dundalk v Cobh Ramblers
Bray Wanderers v Finn Harps
Skerries Town v Waterford
Sligo Rovers v Longford Town
Maynooth University Town v Leeds
North End United v Galway United
Home Farm v Cork City
Wexford v Bohemians
Inchicore Athletic v St Patrick 's Athletic
Dublin Bus v CIE Ranch
Share it :
Do n't Miss
A Westpac bank worker says pressure on staff to sell products means loans are being given to people who ca n't service them .
The bank strongly rejects the claim and says it has strong credit systems in place to ensure this does n't happen and the focus for all its employees is to put customers ' needs first at all times .
Bank sales incentives have been under the spotlight since last year when a report was released in Australia called the Sedgwick report , which made 21 recommendations urging banks to change their focus from sales to service by 2020 .
New Zealand 's major banks , which are Australian-owned , promised they would review the report and look at implementing the changes .
Advertisement
But research , released last month by First Union which represents New Zealand bank workers , found pressure on staff to sell products to the public remained the same or higher than it was a year ago despite promised changes by their employers .
A survey of 600 bank worker members found 87 per cent of respondents feels pressure to sell financial products and 92 per cent felt the same or more pressure to sell financial products than they did a year ago .
A long-serving Westpac worker , who contacted the Herald after seeing a story on the research , said their bank had changed the wording from targeting sales to meeting `` needs '' in September last year but the pressure to sell products had not changed .
The woman , who does not wish to be named for fear of losing their job , said instead of sales , the staff had to meet three `` needs '' a day and staff were emailed weekly about their progress .
The woman said they had never sold a customer something they could not afford but others had .
`` I 've seen some dreadful loans that never should have been done . Loans where people go into arrears almost as soon as they get them .
`` And it 's driven by greed to get that incentive . ''
At the same time , the woman said the important functions that bank staff performed for customers were not acknowledged in any way if they did not result in a new product being sold .
`` I 'm talking about sorting out accounts in arrears , and complex lending restructures requested by customers .
`` These take literally hours , then we are asked why we have not sold them life insurance . ''
They said the bank was paying lip service to the Sedgwick Report by maintaining pressure on staff to sell products for which customers may not be able to sustain payments on such as expensive life insurance premiums .
`` Many trusting customers are sucked in , '' they said .
But a spokesperson for Westpac said customer service representatives or tellers were not incentivised to sell customers products .
`` If a customer wishes to know more about a product they are referred to a customer banking consultant to discuss their requirements . ''
They said customer banking consultants were not required to sell specific products each day but to meet the needs of the customer which could include a customer 's request for a new savings account , mortgage , personal loan , or any other banking product they are interested in .
`` Sales make up only a fifth of their performance measures . ''
The spokesperson said the bank strongly disagreed with the claim that its systems encouraged branch staff to lend irresponsibly .
`` Westpac branch staff are trained around their responsible lending obligations , and we have strong credit systems in place to ensure this does not occur . ''
They said that was supported by data which showed 1.86 per cent of personal lending and 0.49 per cent of mortgage lending was overdue by 30 days or more than of March 31 .
`` The focus for all employees is to put customer needs first at all times . ''
When it came to insurance the spokesperson said affordability was taken into account when selling life insurance .
`` We do a full needs analysis for all retail life insurance customers and affordability is a consideration in that process .
`` Our Westpac Life insurance termination rates are below the industry average . The reality is customer circumstances can change and they may no longer require the insurance they have chosen to initially take out . ''
The spokesperson said it was ahead of the timeline to have the Sedgwick recommendations fully implemented across its network by 2020 .
`` There is a very high level of commitment to ensuring action is taken on any gaps that may be identified .
`` We would encourage any staff who feel they are under pressure to sell to raise the issue with their manager . ''
March 29 SSY Group Ltd :
* FY group achieved a net profit of HK $ 490 million ( or RMB420 million ) which represented a year-on-year increase of 21.3 %
* FY revenue of HK $ 2,361 million , representing an increase of 6.3 %
* Group resolved to pay on 9 June 2017 a final dividend for year ended 2016 of HK $ 0.03 per share Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Rebound fx™ Citrus Punch Becomes Official Sports Energy Drink of the UPSL
End
-- The United Premier Soccer League ( UPSL ) is excited to announce a business sponsorship with Rebound fx™ Sports Energy Drink.Rebound fx™ is a high-powered , nutrient-rich alternative to the high-sodium , high carbohydrate sports drinks.As part of the sponsorship , every UPSL team will have access to Rebound fx™ Sports products.United Premier Soccer League Commissioner Yan Skwara said , `` The sponsorship with Rebound is exciting because we believe in endorsing a Sports Drink that is effective and healthy . `` Rebound fx™ Citrus Punch supplies quick sustained energy while offering a balance of antioxidants , natural herbs and the minerals that must be replenished in order for the body to function at optimal levels.Rebound fx™ Representative Melissa Miller-Harris said , `` We are thrilled to be partnered with the UPSL and provide an amazing product to many amazing teams and players ! We believe that Rebounds fx™ can make a difference for an athlete 's stamina , energy and overall health . `` In addition to the UPSL , Rebound fx™ has been endorsed by players from the National Basketball Association and the National Football League.Boise FC Head Coach Emerson Peredo said , `` My squad said they could really feel the extra energy . They played at the end of the second half just as intensely as the first half with no visible signs of fatigue . `` The UPSL is in more than 18 different key soccer markets across seven states , servicing thousands of players , coaches and employees.Rebound fx™ is the Official Energy Drink of the United Premier Soccer League . Rebound fx™ products provide quick sustained energy with a blend of antioxidants , 77 trace minerals and natural herbs that replenish the body so that it can work at optimal levels.Contact : https : //fs18.formsite.com/youngevity/form16/index.htmlThe UPSL was formed in 2011 and currently includes more than 60 teams in California , Nevada , Arizona , Idaho , Colorado , New Jersey , New York and North Carolina . The UPSL is the fastest growing Pro Development League in the USA , with 80-plus teams targeted for 2018 Spring Season . Each UPSL team is individually owned and operated , and is responsible for maintaining UPSL minimum standards.UPSL teams are all eligible to participate in the U.S. Open Cup Qualifying Rounds through the leagues affiliation with the U.S. Soccer Federation ( USSF ) and the United States Adult Soccer Association ( USASA ) .More information about UPSL can be found at www.upslsoccer.com or by following the league on Facebook ( www.facebook.com/upslsoccer ) and Twitter ( @ upslsoccer ) Contact UPSL : info @ upslsoccernews.comDirect : 310-415-5691Media Relations : Dennis Popedennis.pope @ upslsoccernews.comDirect : 951-675-3963www.twitter.com/unitedpremiersoccerleague
Aug 12 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Slovenian championship matches on Saturday Saturday , August 12 ND Gorica 1 NK Aluminij 0 Olimpija Ljubljana 4 Rudar Velenje 0 Friday , August 11 MIK Celje 1 NK Triglav Kranj 1 Maribor 0 Domzale 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Olimpija Ljubljana 5 4 1 0 13 1 13 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Maribor 5 4 1 0 10 3 13 3 Domzale 5 2 2 1 9 4 8 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 4 NK Krsko 4 2 1 1 6 6 7 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 5 Rudar Velenje 5 2 0 3 5 8 6 6 MIK Celje 5 1 2 2 5 10 5 7 NK Triglav Kranj 5 0 4 1 4 5 4 8 ND Gorica 5 1 1 3 3 6 4 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 9 NK Aluminij 5 1 1 3 6 10 4 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 10 NK Ankaran 4 0 1 3 3 11 1 1 : Champions League preliminary round 2-3 : Europa League preliminary round 4 : Europa League depending on domestic cup 9 : Relegation play-off 10 : Relegation Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Sunday , August 13 NK Krsko v NK Ankaran ( 1600 )
April 3 Versartis Inc
* Versartis reports new data on long-acting Somavaratan in growth hormone deficiency at endo 2017
* Baseline characteristics of phase 3 velocity trial population balanced between study arms and comparable to phase 2
* Further results from vital trial in adult ghd-similar Somavaratan PK/PD data in U.S. , Japanese children support using same dose in ongoing phase 3 trials Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo will serve a five-game suspension after pushing the referee following their dismissal during Sunday 's Supercopa de Espana first leg against Barcelona .
Ronaldo , having already been cautioned for taking their shirt off after scoring in the 3-1 win at the Nou Camp , was shown a second yellow card in the 82nd minute for diving after going down under pressure from Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti .
The Portugal international responded to their dismissal by shoving referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back before making their way off the pitch .
The Spanish football federation ( RFEF ) has now handed the 32-year-old a five- ban — one for the double booking and another four for pushing the official .
Ronaldo was found guilty of ‘ Violation of article 96 of the Disciplinary Code ' , which relates to using “ mild force ” against the officials , including grabbing , pushing or shaking .
The offence carries a ban of up to 12 matches , with Ronaldo being handed the minimum punishment of four games .
Ronaldo has also been fined €3,805 for the two sanctions , with Real fined €1,750 .
Real and Ronaldo have 10 business days to appeal against the ruling , the RFEF added .
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS PICTURE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY . NO RESALES . NO ARCHIVE
Pope Francis is presented with gifts at the Paliano prison , south of Rome , Italy April 13 , 2017 . Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS PICTURE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY . NO RESALES . NO ARCHIVE
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS PICTURE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY . NO RESALES . NO ARCHIVE
Pope Francis stands in front of a statue of the Virgin Mary at the Paliano prison , south of Rome , Italy April 13 , 2017 . Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS PICTURE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY . NO RESALES . NO ARCHIVE
Pope Francis washes the feet of some inmates at the Paliano prison , south of Rome , Italy April 13 , 2017 . Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS
Pope Francis washes the feet of some inmates at the Paliano prison , south of Rome , Italy April 13 , 2017 . Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS PICTURE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY . NO RESALES . NO ARCHIVE
Pope Francis greets prison officers as they arrive at the Paliano prison , south of Rome , Italy April 13 , 2017 . Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS PICTURE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY . NO RESALES . NO ARCHIVE
Pope Francis washes the feet of some inmates at the Paliano prison , south of Rome , Italy April 13 , 2017 . Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS
ROME Pope Francis visited a fortress prison holding mafia turncoats on Thursday and again included a Muslim and women in a traditional Holy Week foot-washing ritual that previous popes had limited to Catholic men .
Francis said a Mass for the 70 inmates of the prison , a 16th century fortress at Paliano 75 km ( 47 miles ) south of Rome .
During the service , they bent to wash and kiss the right foot of 12 inmates , commemorating Jesus ' gesture of humility towards their 12 apostles on the night before they died .
The high-security prison is reserved almost entirely for prisoners known in Italy as `` collaborators of justice , '' those who turn state 's evidence to testify against their former comrades and need special protection .
During the 1980s and 1990s it held turncoats from the Red Brigades guerrilla group but now most `` collaborators of justice '' are former members of Italy 's three notorious organised crime groups - the Cosa Nostra , the Camorra and the 'Ndrangheta .
The Vatican said the 12 included three women and a Muslim man who has decided to convert to Catholicism and is due to be baptised in June . The 12 included 10 Italians , an Albanian and a prisoner from the pope 's native Argentina who had written to him .
Their predecessors held the Holy Thursday Mass in majestic settings either at the Vatican or a Rome basilica . Francis changed the tradition after they were elected to stress the importance of going out to serve the poor , the sick and the imprisoned .
The change drew the ire of traditionalists because all apostles were male followers of Jesus , but the pope said the ritual should be open to `` all members of the people of God '' .
The visit was private because most of the inmates could not be filmed or photographed .
`` We are all sinners . We all have defects , '' the pope told the inmates in an improvised sermon broadcast by Vatican Radio .
By washing their feet , Francis told them , they were willing to do `` the work of a slave in order to sow love among us '' . They urged them to help each other .
Two of the 12 are serving life sentences and the others are due to be released between 2019 and 2073 .
Francis has condemned organised crime groups , saying their members indulge in the `` the adoration of evil '' . They have said members of organised crime excommunicate themselves from the Church by their actions but could return if they repented .
( Reporting by Philip Pullella ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
Photo : Jason Bachman ( Flickr ) Scientists are still learning about humanity 's ancient ancestors .
Based on anatomical and genetic evidence chimpanzees are humanity 's closest living relatives . Anthropologists want to find out where and when the split happened between the closest ancestors of humans , called hominins , and the ancestors of modern chimpanzees .
The Great Split
In the past , researchers theorized the split happened in Africa , about seven to ten million years ago . And that led to theories that human ancestors did n't migrate to Asia and Europe until about two million years ago .
In 2017 , a team of researchers from Europe and Canada published findings that human ancestors were in Europe around seven point two million years ago .
New Analysis
They were studying a fossil hominin discovered in Greece way back in 1944 by German soldiers digging a bunker . The hominin is called Graecopithecus freybergi .
The scientists analyzed the sediment in which the fossil was found , and the sediment in which a second specimen was found in Bulgaria . The ages for both came out the same , which is further evidence that the finding is reliable .
With that evidence , it may have potentially confirmed a theory : human ancestors were in Europe much earlier than when scientists had previously thought . The evolution of our earliest direct ancestors may have happened in Europe instead of Africa .
Teeth
But , anthropologists do n't agree Graecopithecus was actually a human ancestor . Because all they have been its jaw bone and teeth , the argument comes down to a matter of tooth structure .
Apes of many sorts were much more abundant back then than they are today . It 's estimated that there were one hundred different species . The tooth structure could have evolved independently in a non‑hominin .
So , while there 's evidence that supports Graecopithecus was in Europe , there needs to be further studies done on this species to determine whether or not it is an ancestor of humans .
Thank you to Scott Blumenthal of Oxford University for reviewing this episode 's script .
Sources And Further Reading :
Police have described the latest arson attack in Larne as ‘ madness ' and say that a ‘ falling out between individuals ' may be at the core of the rash of burnings .
Detectives are investigating an incident in Larne last night ( Monday 17 April ) in which a car was reversed into a building and set on fire .
The incident at a hairdresser on Main Street was reported to police at around 9.20pm . The blaze extensively damaged the premises .
It 's believed one male travelled to the scene in the vehicle , a grey Nissan Primera , and then fled on a blue and white motorcycle driven by a second individual .
Detective Chief Inspector Dunny McCubbin said : “ This was a mindless and reckless attack by individuals who have shown no concern for the people of Larne and no respect for the business people trying to make a living in the town . This business has been devastated by this attack and there can be no excuse or justification for what happened here last night .
“ We are currently investigating a possible link between this incident and other attacks on vehicles in the town over the course of the weekend . At this time it 's thought a falling out between two individuals may be the catalyst for these incidents however as the investigation is at a very early stage it would n't be appropriate to comment further on that particular line of enquiry .
“ To date two men in their thrities have been arrested as part of our overall investigation . A 30 year old man was arrested on Saturday and subsequently charged with GBH and Possession of an offensive weapon . They are expected to appear in court in Ballymena on 11 May . The second male , 32 , was detained yesterday . They have since been charged with Common Assault and Making threats to damage property . They are due to appear at Ballymena Magistrates on 4 May .
All charges will be reviewed by the PPS .
“ I would urge anyone with information that could help the police investigation to please bring it forward to us . The number to call is 101 . ”
“ If someone would prefer to provide information without leaving their name they can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 . ”
Reed is the latest to join the digital marketing agency 's team
Maggie Reed
Contact
Quadsimia , LLC
* * * @ quadsimia.com Quadsimia , LLC
End
-- Quadsimia LLC is pleased to announce that Maggie Reed recently accepted the position of Account Representative.Maggie will work directly with our clients and members of the Quadsimia team , to ensure that projects are on track to meet their deadlines , as well as maintain a strong client relationship , provide support and marketing strategies . They will also help provide the team of web designers and developers with the resources they need throughout projects.Maggie 's previous experience includes more than 15 years of marketing management . They also have experience in brand development & management , budget development & management , internet marketing , analytics , and more . Maggie obtained their Bachelor 's Degree in Business Administration at the University of Charleston.Quadsimia 's operations are headquartered in scenic Central New York , but we apply the latest technologies to reach beyond our geographic location to clients around the globe . We have years of experience in website design , development , social media marketing , search engine optimization , engineering , software development , computer science , system analysis and integration , graphic design and multimedia .
Upper division transfer students with 60 or more units are encouraged to apply
CSU Channel Islands has announced that it will continue to accept applications for the spring 2012 semester .
CI began accepting applications on Aug. 1 , and upper division transfer students with 60 or more transferable semester units are encouraged to apply .
“ By continuing to accept applications for spring , the campus plans to meet the need of our many regional students who are ready to begin working towards their goal of a four-year degree , ” said Ginger Reyes , assistant vice president for student affairs and director of admissions and records . “ I strongly encourage students who are ready to transfer to apply as soon as possible . We would like to accommodate as many students as we can in the spring . ”
The university expects to admit more than 400 transfer applicants for the spring semester , bringing total campus enrollment to more than 4,000 students for the 2011-12 academic year .
Click here for requirements and applications for eligible transfer students .
— Nancy Gill is the director of communication and marketing for CSU Channel Islands .
It 's 240 acres of fallow land off of Glen Annie Road in Goleta now , but the public on Tuesday evening will get a chance to talk about what kind of development — if any — should go forward on the Bishop Ranch property in the future .
The Goleta City Council will be tackling the topic , and city staff has allotted four hours of meeting time for a presentation and to hear public comment about the project during the council 's evening session , which begins at 6 p.m. Tuesday in council chambers at 130 Cremona Drive .
“ The applicant is seeking a process and a dialogue about a mix of residential units , a community commercial center , community amenities and public works infrastructure , ” a city staff report said .
Bishop Ranch is the single largest privately owned parcel in the city . The land is zoned for agricultural use so Goleta 's General Plan would need to be amended to allow the project to proceed . The council must ultimately make the decision whether to initiate such amendments , and is expected to give direction to staff after hearing public comment Tuesday .
The development company behind the move is Bishop Ranch 2000 LLC . Earlier this year , the company submitted an application to the city asking for those amendments and for a development agreement .
State law requires a decision on the amendments before any other portion of the project is heard and decided . Just because an initiation is granted , does not mean development will be approved .
The process of developing fallow land is a complex process , as city documents show . Because of the land-use zoning change , public interest in the project is building , and the council will be deciding whether to have city staff work on a multiyear public-planning process for the application .
In August 2010 , council members authorized an independent study of the property and the report was released to the public in July . ( Scroll down this page for the full report . ) During the two public workshops that followed its release , commenters expressed support for a project that would help meet affordable housing needs in the area . Others , however , raised concerns about things like water availability and neighborhood road capacity .
The study looked out three outcomes for the property : keeping it as is , development for residential units and development for agriculture .
“ The property study did not provide a prioritization of the three land-use scenarios nor did it conclude that one land use was better than another , ” a staff report said . “ Instead it identifies and scopes those opportunities and challenges that would need to be addressed if a public process were initiated by the council . ”
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk or @ NoozhawkNews . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Bishop Ranch Property Study Master 072111 JMC
BEIRUT ( AP ) — Islamic State media outlets are reporting that the son of the group 's leader has been killed fighting Syrian government forces .
The announcement of the death of the young son of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi appeared on the group 's social media accounts late Tuesday . It included a picture of a young boy carrying a rifle and identified them as Huthaifa al-Badri .
The statement did not specify when they were killed . It said they were an elite fighter who was killed while fighting Syrian and Russia troops at a power station in the central Homs province .
Al-Baghdadi has been reported killed or wounded on a number of occasions but is widely believed to still be alive . IS has been driven from nearly all the territory it once controlled in Syria and Iraq .
April 5 Drugstore chain operator Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc , reported a surprise drop in quarterly sales , citing `` challenging market conditions in continental Europe '' and as a strong dollar reduced the value of sales outside the United States .
The company , which has been waiting nearly a year and a half for regulatory approval to buy smaller rival Rite Aid Corp , also said on Wednesday it would repurchase $ 1 billion worth of shares till Dec. 31 .
Net income attributable to the company , rose to $ 1.06 billion , or 98 cents per share , in the second quarter ended Feb. 28 , from $ 930 million , or 85 cents per share , a year earlier .
Net sales fell to $ 29.45 billion from $ 30.18 billion a year earlier . Analysts on average had expected sales to remain flat , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S . ( Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Martina D'Couto )
The popularity of banana powder is rising as a result of long shelf life and high concentration of calories and nutrients .
Contact
IMARC Group
* * * @ imarcgroup.com IMARC Group
End
-- A report published by IMARC Group , titled `` '' , finds that the global banana powder market has recorded a CAGR of 7 % during 2009-2016 , reaching a value of 222 Thousand Tons in 2016 . Banana powder is made from bananas after processing its pulp using a colloid mill and turning it into powder . This method aids in increasing the shelf life of bananas , along with helping in transportation for the exports and import purposes . According to the report , the market is further expected to reach a value of 298 Thousand Tons by 2022.The global banana powder market is driven by several factors which are increasing its popularity among the consumers worldwide . Banana powder is used in a number of food and non-food industries . The food and beverage industry represents the largest consumer of the banana powder and employs it in various food products such as infant food , puffed food , seasonings , solid beverages , cakes , cold food , instant food , etc . In the healthcare industry , banana powder aids in preventing and treating many diseases . It is effective in the treatment of colon diseases , intestinal disorders in adults , carbohydrate intolerance in children , etc . Banana powder also assists in neutralizing the dark under eye circles and gives a smother texture to the skin . Along with this , its high content of minerals and dietary fibres helps in providing a wholesome meal for infants . Banana powder is also used extensively in the animal feed industry for the livestock such as shrimp , fish , pig and cattle.Request sample of the report : http : //www.imarcgroup.com/ request ? type= report & id= 542 & ... The report has segmented the banana market on a regional basis . It has been found that although bananas are produced in more than 100 countries around the globe , the exports and imports are concentrated within a few countries . The major exporting regions include Ecuador , Costa Rica , Philippines , Indonesia , United Republic of Tanzania , Colombia , etc . Currently , Ecuador , Costa Rica , Philippines , Guatemala and Colombia are the largest exporters of bananas accounting for the majority of the total world exports . Apart from this , the report also conducts a thorough evaluation of the market on the basis of end-use . Currently , the food industry is the largest consumer of banana powder estimating around 85 % of the total global consumption . It is followed by feed industry , cosmetic industry and pharmaceutical industry . The report also analyses the competitive landscape of the market with the key players being Chiquita , Del Mote , Dole , Fyffes and Noboa.Browse full report with TOC : http : //www.imarcgroup.com/banana-powder-manufacturing-plantThe report provides a comprehensive analysis for setting up a banana powder processing plant . The study covers all the requisite aspects of the chickpeas industry and provides an in-depth analysis of the banana market , industry performance , processing and manufacturing requirements , project cost , project funding , project economics , expected returns on investment , profit margins , etc . It also offers SWOT , Value Chain and Porter 's Five Forces analysis and regional segmentation followed by an analysis of the competitive landscape . This report is a must-read for entrepreneurs , investors , researchers , consultants , business strategists , and all those who are planning to foray into the banana powder industry in any manner.Browse more reports related to food & beverages industry : http : //www.imarcgroup.com/categories/food-beverages-market-reportsIMARC Group is a leading market research company that offers management strategy and market research worldwide . We partner with clients in all sectors and regions to identify their highest-value opportunities , address their most critical challenges , and transform their businesses.IMARC 's information products include major market , scientific , economic and technological developments for business leaders in pharmaceutical , industrial , and high technology organizations . Market forecasts and industry analysis for biotechnology , advanced materials , pharmaceuticals , food and beverage , travel and tourism , nanotechnology and novel processing methods are at the top of the company 's expertise.+1-631-791-1145http : //www.imarcgroup.com @ imarcglobal
April 5 France/APE state holding firm :
* Martin Vial , who heads French state holding agency APE , tells Le Monde newspaper in an interview that APE could sell off more state holdings in companies or buy more stakes
* The APE sold its 12.7 percent stake in carmaker PSA Group to the country 's Bpifrance sovereign wealth fund , the two government bodies announced on March 27
* Emmanuel Macron , the centrist candidate currently tipped by polls to win the French presidential election , has pledged to set up a 10 billion euros ( $ 10.7 billion ) fund to promote industrial and research projects , to be financed by selling down shares in companies where the state owns a minority stake and by dividends from state-owned shares .
* Conservative candidate Francois Fillon has also said they were favourable towards privatisations of state shareholdings in order to raise cash for investments in major infrastructure projects .
* France has significant holdings in several large companies including Air France , Airbus , Peugeot , Renault , Orange AND Engie .
( $ 1 = 0.9376 euros )
Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta )
The 'm A Celebrity ... star has always had a stylish streak ( apart from a couple of bloopers ) .
Georgia Toffolo has been declared winner of this year 's I 'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here ! – beating former Hollyoaks star Jamie Lomas and radio and TV presenter Iain Lee in the final public vote .
The Made In Chelsea regular has been praised by fans for their relentless positivity during their time Down Under , throwing themselves into Bushtucker Trials with the kind of enthusiasm you probably would n't expect from someone who 's more used to dining on London 's finest cuisine , than on creepy-crawlies .
The 22-year-old also managed to look good while doing it – no mean feat when you 're limited to regulation clothing ( plus three sets of swimwear , apparently ) – but then she 's always been a stylish celeb . Well , most of the time .
In honour of Toff being crowned Queen of the Jungle , here , we look back at their fashion hits ( and a few misses ) throughout the years .
First up , we 've got to give Them Celeb Majesty credit for customising their jungle kit . Not just anyone can make fleece gilets , hiking boots and red knee-high socks look good , but Toff nailed it .
( ITV/PA )
The Bushtucker trials certainly looked challenging , but we reckon the infamous jungle shower wo n't have fazed the bubbly babe because she 's used to stripping off back home , while modelling their Toff X With Love Lilly lingerie collections .
ToffxWLL PART 2 has now launched ! 💕 Remember Ladies , all pieces featured are Limited Edition and made-to-order ! Check out the full range now at WWW.WITHLOVELILLY.COM # TOFFXWLL # WithLoveLilly # TaliaWhitePhotography @ with_love_lilly # ad A post shared by Georgia Toffolo ( @ toffgeorgia ) on Nov 30 , 2017 at 12:30pm PST
Ever the savvy celeb , the Chelsea resident often lets a hint of their bra show under a low-cut shirt , as they did at a mobile phone launch earlier this year .
( Ian West/PA )
Taking inspiration from their own nickname , for the Made In Chelsea series 10 premiere the blonde beauty chose a toffee-coloured ensemble and tonal suede shoes that perfectly complemented their golden tan .
( Anthony Devlin/PA )
Keeping it simple in another monochrome look , at a film screening in 2014 , Georgia showed off their enviable abs in a black crop top , mini skirt and court shoes combo .
( Ian West/PA )
Going all-out glam for the Scottish Fashion Awards 2015 , the starlet again chose all-black-everything , keeping it demure in a high-necked top and full-length skirt .
( Ian West/PA )
But she 's no stranger to bright colour either , often rocking a bold lipstick on the red carpet , or when she 's on one of their ( many ) holidays .
❤wearing @ sistersthelabel 📸shot by @ middershugo A post shared by Georgia Toffolo ( @ toffgeorgia ) on Aug 21 , 2017 at 1:28am PDT
So far , so good , but even fashion queens get it wrong sometimes – and not even the self-styled Chelsea Barbie can make this hot pink unitard look good .
Was a little nippy at Bestival as you can see👀👀👀 What fun @ motorolauk # HelloMoto # motoz2play 🤳🏼 A post shared by Georgia Toffolo ( @ toffgeorgia ) on Sep 10 , 2017 at 2:31pm PDT
And while their red-carpet style is usually flawless , we 're not sure what was going on with this look at a Game Of Thrones gala screening last year . Dungarees , leather coat and bright white trainers ? Even Toff ca n't pull it off .
( Ian West/PA )
© Press Association 2017
March 29 Three Transportation Security Administration workers suffered minor injuries on Wednesday at LaGuardia Airport in New York after exposure to a possible hazardous material , local media reported .
Rescue workers responded to Terminal B at the airport at about 5:45 a.m. EDT ( 0945 GMT ) for a hazardous material incident , a CBS affiliate in New York reported . Three workers were exposed to a food substance and were complaining of eye irritation near a check-in area , the television station said .
The terminal was closed for about 30 minutes . New York Port Authority officials were not immediately available for comment . ( Reporting by Brendan O'Brien ; Editing by Ian Simpson and Lisa Von Ahn )
LONDON Britain 's Supreme Court on Thursday ruled against a father who took their daughter on an unauthorised holiday during term-time , saying parents needed to act within school regulations .
Jon Platt acted unlawfully when they took their daughter on a trip to Disney World in the United States in April 2015 against the wishes of their school , the court said . The case will have implications for any parent who wishes to take a child out of an English school without permission .
`` Unauthorised absences have a disruptive effect , not only on the individual child but also on the work of other pupils , '' said Brenda Hale , deputy president of the Supreme Court .
`` If one pupil can be taken out whenever it suits the parent , so can others . ''
Platt had refused to pay a 120 pound ( $ 150 ) fine from the local authority for taking their daughter , who was nearly aged seven at the time , on holiday against the wishes of their school on the Isle of Wight just off the English south coast .
They argued that they had been to school on more than 90 percent of days over the course of the year and so had attended regularly . That view was backed by lower courts , but the Supreme Court decided that attending `` regularly '' meant `` in accordance with the rules prescribed by the school '' .
Platt said the `` shocking '' consequences of the ruling meant every unauthorised absence would now be a criminal offence .
( Reporting by Michael Holden ; editing by Stephen Addison )
Andy Peaks felt the referee called it right as AFC Rushden & Diamonds ' home clash with AFC Dunstable was postponed just over an hour before kick-off .
There were few concerns over the pitch this morning ( Saturday ) but constant rain saw areas of surface water develop and the match official postponed the game after a short inspection .
It is the third home game in a row that Diamonds have seen fall foul of the weather but Peaks had no arguments with the decision .
“ I think the referee called it right , we had a lot of rain in the couple of hours before the game and I would have to agree that it was n't playable , ” they said .
“ It 's frustrating because we trained really well this week , the boys are buzzing and Dunstable are a good team but we felt we had a plan to beat them .
“ The pitch actually looked fine from the side but there was a lot of standing water and that would have made it a lottery but the referee did n't really consult anyone , they were looking at the safety of the players and you have to respect that . ”
Diamonds ' next action is due to be at Latimer Park on Tuesday night when they take on Kettering Town in the NFA Hillier Senior Cup semi-final .
And Peaks insists their plans for that game have not been affected by this weekend 's postponement with the manager insisting their priority remains gaining promotion in the Evo-Stik South League East .
“ The game being off does n't change anything as far as Tuesday is concerned , ” they added .
“ I am sure it is a big game for some people but my priority this year is to get out of this league and I am looking towards next Saturday now .
“ We want to put a good shift in against Kettering , they have a lot of good players but I am sure Marcus Law will feel the same because their priority will be to get their team out of the league they are in .
“ It will matter to all the players who play but this game being off makes no difference to the plans we have in place . ”
Corby Town 's Evo-Stik League South clash at Cleethorpes Town was postponed earlier this morning due to a waterlogged pitch .
Welcome to 1 NEWS NOW 's live coverage of tonight 's T20 match between Australia and the Black Caps at the SCG in Sydney .
Colin de Grandhomme of New Zealand bats during game one of the International Twenty20 series between Australia and New Zealand at Sydney Cricket Ground . Source : Getty
12.16am : 4 overs , AUS 27/2 - Lynn 17 , Maxwell *
FOUR ! Chris Lynn picks up two boundaries in that over . Not a bad over by spinner Mitch Santner but Lynn is just too strong and powerful .
12.07am : 2.1 overs , AUS 10/2 - Warner 6 , Lynn *
OUT ! A perfect start for the Black Caps ! Trent Boult bowls a bouncer to David Warner and they hit it straight to Tom Bruce who juggles it before making a clever catch on the boundary !
12.04am : 1.5 overs , AUS 10/1 - Warner 6 , Short 4
WICKET ! Tim Southee bowls to D'arcy Short and the Aussie batsman hits it hard to midwicket where Ross Taylor makes an easy catch . New Zealand get a much-needed wicket .
12.00am : 1 over , AUS 1/0 - Warner 1 , Short 0
A good start by New Zealand as they only let in one run that over . Great start with the ball by Trent Boult .
11.57pm : AUS 0/0 - Warner 0 , Short 0
Trent Boult is at the crease for the Black Caps , set to get things started for the New Zealand bowling attack .
11.55pm : We are set to get back underway here in Sydney . Australia need 95 runs to win the match with the second innings being reduced to 15 overs .
11.47pm : Still a waiting game at the moment in Sydney , the latest they can restart the match is about 12.30am for a possible five over whack for the Aussies .
11.35pm : The rain has come back so the match continues to be on hold . The rain is n't too heavy - hopefully we will have some action in 15-20 minutes .
11.24pm : The covers come off as the rain eases . The game is set to get back underway in about 15 minutes .
11.15pm :
10.52pm : NZ 117/9 - de Grandhomme 37 , Sodhi 0
Final ball of the over and Tye cleans up Ish Sodhi for a duck . It 's a full at off stump delivery and Sodhi swings across the line . New Zealand finish with 117 runs , a classy bowling and fielding display from the Australians .
10.49pm : 19.2 overs , NZ 114/8 - de Grandhomme 37 , Southee 9
WICKET ! It 's a low full toss from Tye to Southee and the NZ batsman flicks it out to deep square leg where Stoinis makes a sensational low catch .
10.47pm : 19 overs , NZ 113/7 - de Grandhomme 36 , Southee 9
MAXIMUM ! Tim Southee joins the party ! Richardson bowls to Southee and they smash it over deep square leg .
10.46pm : 18 overs , NZ 107/7 - de Grandhomme 35 , Southee 3
10.38pm : 17.2 overs , NZ 92/7 - de Grandhomme 25 , Santner 1
WICKET ! Things just keep getting worse for the visitors . Tye bowls to Mitchell Santner and it 's a full and straight delivery from Tye . Santner hits it high and the ball does n't go further than deep midwicket . Tim Southee now joins de Grandhomme at the crease .
10.32pm : 16 overs , NZ 90/6 - Taylor 24 , de Grandhomme 24
10.25pm : 15 overs , NZ 84/5 - Taylor 23 , de Grandhomme 20
RAINING SIXES ! Zampa bowls to de Grandhomme and they smash over the off side . They show off their power hitting another six two balls later and this time it 's even bigger than the first maximum . De Grandhomme sweeps it over deep midwicket and into the pavilion - what a great shot !
10.22pm : 13.2 overs , NZ 67/5 - Taylor 21 , de Grandhomme 5
FOUR ! Stanlake bowls to Colin de Grandhomme and the NZ batsman pulls it over midwicket , just short of being a maximum . New Zealand need boundaries and quick if they are to put up a formidable total .
10.15pm : 12.1 overs , NZ 60/5 - Taylor 20 , Blundell 14
WICKET ! Zampa bowls to Blunder and the NZ batsman tries to go for a maximum but he 's caught by Richardson on the boundary at long off . Colin de Grandhomme enters the match for NZ .
10.10pm : 10.3 overs , NZ 51/4 - Taylor 16 , Blundell 10
NOT OUT ! Zampa bowls to Ross Taylor and the Aussies appeal for an LBW . David Warner calls for a review . The third umpire rules no inside edge and the ball is n't hitting outside off stump .
9.55pm : 7.2 overs , NZ 34/4 - Williamson 8 , Taylor 11
OUT ! Tye bowls to Kane Williamson - it 's a short of a length at off stump delivery . Williamson looked to work it into the leg side but they hit it straight up in the air and David Warner turns and makes a comfortable catch over their shoulder .
9.44pm : 4.4 overs , NZ 22/3 - Williamson 3 , Taylor 4
FOUR ! Richardson bowls to Taylor there 's a touch of width outside off and Taylor plays a slashing cut , takes a top edge and goes through the gap . New Zealand came close to losing another wicket . Taylor and Williamson really need to get going now as Australia builds in confidence .
9.38pm : 3.2 overs , NZ 16/3 - Williamson 1 , Bruce 3
WICKET ! Stanlake bowls to Bruce and they have three wickets ! Stanlake bowls it short over middle and off and the Kiwi batsman ca n't control their hook shot . It takes a top edge and is caught easily on the long-leg boundary . New Zealand in real trouble now - Ross Taylor joins their skipper in the middle .
9.27pm : 1.2 overs , NZ 11/2 - Guptill 5 , Williamson *
Kane Williamson bats against Pakistan Source : Photosport
Another one ! Stanlake bowls to Guptill and they are out . A great delivery and he 's on a hat-trick ! A good length at off stump ball , nips off the seam , and the ball takes the top of off stump .
9.25pm : 1.1 overs , NZ 11/1 - Munro 3 , Guptill 5
WICKET ! Oh no Colin Munro hits the ball skywards . Munro takes a big top edge as they attempt to pull and Carey makes and easy catch .
9.22pm : 1 over , NZ 11/0 - Munro 3 , Guptill 5
A good solid start from the Kiwi openers .
9.20pm : NZ 0/0 - Munro * , Guptill *
9.11pm : Australia have won the toss and have elected to bowl first .
PRE-MATCH :
The Black Caps have n't played at the Sydney Cricket Ground against Australia in a T20 match since 2009 .
Colin Munro is set to return to the starting side after injuring their hamstring which forced them out in New Zealand 's last T20 match against Pakistan last month .
Australia will be without Pat Cummins , Mitch Starc and Josh Hazlewood who were not named in the squad and will look to their Big Bash League bowlers to fill their shoes .
Black Caps ' coach Mike Hesson believes tonight 's match will be a tough one even though their side sits higher than Australia in the world rankings .
`` It 's a great opportunity for us to challenge ourselves obviously against a good side , '' said Hesson .
New Zealand sit second on the world T20 rankings with Australia ranked seventh .
`` A side that 's confident , perhaps a little inexperienced in terms of international cricket but certainly experienced in these conditions .
`` It 's a good opportunity to see where we are at as a T20 group . ''
TEAMS :
Australia : David Warner ( c ) , Aaron Finch ( vc ) , Ashton Agar , Alex Carey , Ben Dwarshuis , Travis Head , Chris Lynn , Glenn Maxwell , Kane Richardson , D'Arcy Short , Billy Stanlake , Marcus Stoinis , Andrew Tye , Adam Zampa .
New Zealand : Kane Williamson ( c ) , Tom Blundell , Trent Boult , Tom Bruce , Colin de Grandhomme , Martin Guptill , Anaru Kitchen , Colin Munro , Seth Rance , Mitchell Santner , Ish Sodhi , Tim Southee , Ross Taylor , Ben Wheeler .
Stanlake to Guptill , OUT , what a ball ! He 's on a hat-trick ! Good length at off stump , nips off the seam , beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump . That 's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill , OUT , what a ball ! He 's on a hat-trick ! Good length at off stump , nips off the seam , beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump . That 's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill , OUT , what a ball ! He 's on a hat-trick ! Good length at off stump , nips off the seam , beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump . That 's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill , OUT , what a ball ! He 's on a hat-trick ! Good length at off stump , nips off the seam , beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump . That 's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill , OUT , what a ball ! He 's on a hat-trick ! Good length at off stump , nips off the seam , beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump . That 's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill , OUT , what a ball ! He 's on a hat-trick ! Good length at off stump , nips off the seam , beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump . That 's a beauty
Two days after an exhausted Brighton had lost to Sheffield Wednesday in last season 's play-off semi-final , the club announced that the manager , Chris Hughton , had signed a new four-year contract . In the afterglow of ostensible failure that sort of thing might have been regarded as inadvisable by some , but not Brighton . Hughton is part of a plan , one that has brought them to the Premier League .
It has been a plan 20 years in the making . Year Zero for Brighton was 1997 , when they eked out a draw on the final day of the season against Hereford to stay in the Football League . It was a point that saved them not just from relegation but quite possibly from oblivion , the club having been run into the ground and out of their old home . Over the next two decades the former chairperson Dick Knight , followed by the current chairperson and benefactor to the tune of nearly £250m Tony Bloom – boyhood fans both – first saved what was then a shell of a club , then oversaw its transition .
That defeat by Sheffield Wednesday was Brighton 's third play-off semi-final defeat in four years , the difference now being that in the previous two it had been the respective managers ' final games in charge . Gus Poyet , having taken them from League One to the play-offs , was dismissed owing to an apparent breach of contract , then a year later their replacement , Oscar García , resigned . Hughton arrived at the end of 2014 , after one of their few mis-steps , the appointment of Sami Hyypia , had been corrected reasonably swiftly , and set them back on the right path .
Brighton chairperson Tony Bloom celebrates . Photo : Gareth Fuller/PA
When the players talk about Hughton , most refer to their calm authority , a steady head when pressure presents itself . It has become something of a cliche to say they are tougher than their nice guy reputation suggests but it nonetheless forms a big part of why they are successful and respected . “ He never gets too high emotionally but gets their point across when we do n't do the job , ” the midfielder Dale Stephens says . Hughton seems like the perfect manager for Brighton , one whose understated ambition and ability not to panic when others might , matches their own .
After last season 's disappointment , when they led the division for a couple of months , recovered from a winter blip and faded at the last , Hughton and those above them nonetheless recognised they were on to a good thing , and patience was all that was required . Given the strength of the teams relegated from the Premier League , that might have been regarded as a gamble but , if it was , then it has paid off handsomely .
An already fine squad was added to judiciously , Shane Duffy arriving from Blackburn to form the division 's best central defensive partnership with Lewis Dunk , while Glenn Murray returned to add a few more goals up front . The summer 's biggest task was keeping hold of key talent : Stephens wanted to leave for Burnley but six bids were rejected while Newcastle made moves for the sparkling Anthony Knockaert .
Knockaert is Brighton 's star man , the Championship 's best player , a twinkling and devastatingly effective winger who can also often look like an intensely frustrating team-mate to play with . Knockaert will often go for a more difficult option , the path of most resistance by ignoring players in ostensibly better positions . But their faith that it is better for them to keep the ball and do things on their own is usually justified : against Wolves on Good Friday they twice headed towards goal with colleagues madly flapping their arms for a pass but twice they went ahead and scored himself . It is tough to argue that a player is being selfish when they can win games on their own .
Chris Hughton signed a new four-year contract after Brighton were beaten in the playoff final last year . Photo : Martin Rickett/PA
Knockaert is a rare concession to individualism in a team who move as a collective . The Frenchman wins games but a more prosaic explanation for their success is strength in depth . Last season 's player of the year Beram Kayal has missed large chunks of this campaign and Brighton have barely blinked . Duties on the opposite flank to Knockaert have been shared by the assorted talents of Jiri Skalak , Jamie Murphy and Solly March . Three strikers – Murray , Tomer Hemed and Sam Baldock – have reached double figures , in addition to Knockaert 's 15 . Hughton 's adherence to a fairly traditional 4-4-2 system is not especially fashionable but they have found a formation to suit their players , surely one of the absolute basics of good management .
Because of what the club did for me I could stay here all my life
Brighton play efficient football , not the direct game the former Norwich manager Alex Neil suggested they did earlier in the season , but neither is it often frilly . They can be functional but that is what is required to get out of the Championship . Because of this , along with their individual talents , Brighton are perhaps better than any other side at winning games while playing badly : one example that sticks out is the win at Birmingham in December , when goals in the last 10 minutes from Murray and Knockaert nabbed a 2-1 win . Afterwards Hughton admitted they had been poor for 80 minutes but few cared .
Then there is the old-fashioned notion of team spirit . Most successful sides will present the image of that intangible idea of togetherness but at Brighton it seems genuine and perhaps deeper than most . The story of the squad travelling to France to attend the funeral of Knockaert 's father is well-known but that does not make it any less extraordinary , or valuable . “ Because of what the club did for me I could stay here all my life , ” Knockaert said about this act of solidarity , later describing it as “ the best moment of my life ” .
The sense of unity seems to extend to the rest of the club . It does not hurt that all staff , not just the players , will receive a bonus now promotion is secured . For away trips Bloom will often be seen not on the team coach and in the director 's box but among fans on the train and the terraces . In February the TV cameras picked them up celebrating a Murray goal against Brentford with the uncoordinated glee of a kid . This is a club where lines between those in the stands , on the pitch and behind the scenes are blurred .
“ As an achievement for this club , this is probably greater – bigger , I should say , ” said Hughton recently , when asked if this promotion would eclipse the one they won with Newcastle in 2010 . Brighton and Newcastle established themselves as the top two some time ago ( the last time anyone else paused in the automatic promotion places was October ) but certainly in recent weeks Rafael Benítez 's side have seemed to be on a slightly grim trudge to their promotion . For them they are merely trying to attain the minimum expected of them : when they go up , one senses it will be more a relief than anything else . For Brighton their joy reflects 20 years of effort and a plan rewarded .
( Guardian service )
April 20 Chemung Financial Corp-
* Chemung Financial Corporation reports first quarter 2017 net income of $ 3.0 million , or $ 0.62 per share
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.62
* Net interest income for current quarter totaled $ 13.5 million compared with $ 13.0 million for same period in prior year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BRIEF-Jiayuan International Group updates on contracted sales for Month of May
* For period from 1 May 2017 to 31 May 2017 contracted sales of group was approximately RMB699.0 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 31 Sun Century Group Ltd :
* Manuel Assis Da Silva has been appointed as executive director
* Cheng Mei Ching has resigned as executive director
* Au Chung On John has been appointed as executive director
* Yeung So Lai has resigned as executive director , chief executive officer Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
A senior member of the Pakistani National Assembly has said that the Iran-Pakistan ( IP ) gas pipeline is a crucial project which would definitely help their country overcome its energy challenges .
Mohammad Ijaz-ul-Haq , who is also patron-in-chief of Pak-Iran Joint Chamber of Commerce and Industry , told IRNA that the Pakistani government needs to take immediate steps to complete the much awaited IP project .
`` This project should be completed at the earliest , '' they said .
Ijaz-ul-Haq underlined the need to further boost Pakistan-Iran economic ties and hoped that the new government of President Hassan Rouhani and new government of Pakistan would take necessary steps in this regard .
Elaborating on their views , they said that Iran and Pakistan are tied in an eternal bond of friendship .
`` Iran has always stood by Pakistan in difficult times , '' they noted .
They appreciated President Hassan Rouhani 's message to new Prime Minister of Pakistan Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and said that such message on the eve of Pakistan 's 'Independence Day ' is another big step toward cordial and friendly ties .
Patron-in-Chief of Pakistan-Iran Joint Chamber Of Commerce and Industry said that both countries should take further steps to achieve the target of $ 5 billion in bilateral trade as agreed upon between the leadership of the two countries .
They added that there are lots of opportunities available in the two countries to enhance the trade ties .
Ijaz-ul-Haq termed as very important the statement by President Rouhani reiterating that Iran regards Pakistan security as its own .
They added that both countries , through cooperation in all fields , can bring stability and prosperity in the region .
The lawmaker was hopeful that the government of President Rouhani would take more steps to further strengthen ties with Pakistan .
Women in the Pet Industry Network Award Co-Founder of Dog is Good , Gila Kurtz with their annual Woman of the Year Award
Gila Kurtz
Contact
Beke Lubeach
* * * @ dogbonemarketing.com Beke Lubeach
End
-- Gila Kurtz , co-founder of Dog is Good , located in Los Alamitos , CA , is the winner in the fifth annual Pet Industry Woman of the Year Award competition.Kurtz , who has been in business for almost 10 years , was nominated in the Corporate Category , which they won before going on to win the overall title . The other award categories are Solopreneur , Entrepreneur , Advocate , and Rising Star.A panel of four independent judges reviewed and scored nominations for applicants in the five categories . This year 's judges included a director of a non- profit organization , a founder of a successful pet organization , a COO of a design firm , and a director of a top women 's scholarship organization . `` The Pet Industry Women of the Year Awards were designed to recognize the amazing women who dedicate their time and talents to improving the lives of all pets – dogs , cats , birds , fish , horses and exotics – and their parents/guardians , '' said Shawna Schuh , president of WIPIN . `` These awards are a celebration of women who have made highly successful careers in the pet industry : They shine in large part because they are so passionate about helping women as well as pets . Gila Kurtz is a perfect example ! It is exciting to honor them and other women with a genuine calling to make the pet industry stronger . `` Gila has helped to expand the mission of Dog is Good from being a gift and apparel business to an international pet lover brand through the publication of their book `` Fur Covered Wisdom , A Dog Can Change The Way You See The World '' and as a featured speaker at various pet industry and women focused conferences . In honor of winning the award , Gila has made their book available to download for free . Please visit : https : //www.dogisgood.com/ freefurcoveredwisdom to download your copy . `` I am humbled and honored to receive this award among other amazing women being recognized for their achievements in business . Entrepreneurship is a journey in which one does not walk alone . I am grateful for an outstanding business partner ( also my husband ) and an amazing team who have all helped to take my vision to make a difference in the lives of dogs and their people , '' said Gila Kurtz.Located in Los Alamitos , CA , Dog is Good sells wholesale and retail , and licenses the brand to numerous manufacturers in the pet , gift and home decor industries . Their products are renowned for their clever and poignant sentiments , which appeal strongly to dog lovers worldwide . Primarily still known for their award-winning apparel line , the brand is quickly becoming widely recognized in the pet , gift and home decor markets . Dog is Good has developed a reputation for generously giving back to animal welfare wcj organizations throughout the United States . For further information about Dog is Good , visit http : //www.dogisgood.com or connect with us via Facebook , Instagram , Twitter , or Pinterest.WIPIN is an international membership networking organization where more than 300 pet professionals gather to grow , give and connect . WIPIN is the only organization serving professionals in ALL segments of the pet industry , as well as ALL types of pets , including dogs , cats , birds , fish , reptiles , small animals , pocket pets , horses and exotics.WIPIN members share three core philosophies : Give first , grow continuously and connect for reasons that matter . Learn more about the benefits of becoming a member at www.womeninthepetindustry.com/join/ . For more information , please visit www.womeninthepetindustry.com , or contact Schuh at 503-970-5774 ; shawna @ womeninthepetindustry.com .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Light snow is expected to fall in Derby over the next couple of weeks – including on Valentine 's Day .
The bad weather is predicted to begin on Tuesday morning , with forecasters saying there is a 30 % chance of snow .
The white stuff could return on Thursday , with a 40 % chance of snow in the morning and afternoon , accord to the Weather Channel .
Temperatures will fall below freezing too next week , meaning if any snow does fall it might take a while to clear .
( Image : F Stop Press )
A spokesperson for The Weather Channel said : “ There will be widespread wintry showers over north and central Britain on Saturday while Ireland remains drier .
“ A front clears through Sunday before another system moves in from the west on Monday .
`` The wind chill factor will make temperatures feel like -4C in the north and -5 to -8C at higher levels . ”
Overall the outlook for early February appears to be chillier with occasional milder spells interspersed .
The Met Office said : “ Outbreaks of snow and coastal rain will spread eastwards across England and Wales on Tuesday , followed by sunshine and scattered wintry showers , particularly in the west .
“ Many may then be drier on Wednesday , however further rain and snow may arrive from the northwest later .
Thereafter , much of this period will remain colder than normal , with the risk of snow as frontal systems bump in to the cold air across the UK . ”
March 30 Astro Japan Property Group Ltd
* Acquisition of new hotel in Fukuoka
* Acquisition of a newly constructed hotel in Fukuoka for a purchase price of ¥1.6 billion
* Hotel acquisition has been funded predominately with new debt Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Formula One - F1 - Australian Grand Prix - Melbourne , Australia - 25/03/2017 Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain during the third practice session . REUTERS/Jason Reed
SHANGHAI Formula One triple champion Lewis Hamilton believes Mercedes will have to raise their game if they are to beat a resurgent Ferrari in Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix .
Sebastian Vettel dashed Mercedes ' hopes of extending their spell of dominance into a fourth straight season by comfortably winning last month 's season-opening round in Australia .
Hamilton was second ahead of new team-mate Valtteri Bottas . `` It was n't ours to lose , '' said Hamilton , who went into the Melbourne race as the favourite . `` It was both of ours to win and they did a better job at the end of the day .
`` For sure you can always go back in lots of scenarios and say if you 'd done this differently you could win , but that 's hindsight , ” said the Briton , who lost precious time bottled up behind Max Verstappen 's slower Red Bull after pitting early . `` ... So we have to do a better job . ''
For their part , Vettel tipped Mercedes as favourites to win the Chinese Grand Prix .
Their win at the Albert Park circuit ended a victory drought for Ferrari and the German stretching back to the Singapore Grand Prix in September 2015 .
It also raised hopes the combination could emerge as genuine title challengers to Mercedes , who have swept the drivers and constructors ' crowns for the last three years straight .
The German outfit , though , have won four of the last five races in China while Hamilton , who also has four wins , is by far the most successful driver at the track .
With rain forecast on Sunday , it could swing the balance further in their favour even if the Briton , a rainy-weather specialist , is uncharacteristically uneasy about racing in the wet this weekend .
`` Usually I like driving in the wet . But I am a little bit apprehensive , '' the 32-year-old said on a rainy afternoon in Shanghai .
Formula One 's wet tyres have been revised after criticism about their effectiveness last year and as part of rule changes that have resulted in cars that are wider , with fatter tyres and more swept-back bodywork .
Teams had the chance to try out the new wet-weather rubber over the course of a day during pre-season testing on an artificially drenched track .
But Hamilton sat out the session with an electrical issue .
Despite their apprehension , Hamilton is looking forward to the race . `` I do relish the challenge . I do believe if anyone is able to do it I can , so I will figure it out . ''
( Editing by Mark Heinrich )
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Derbyshire MP is calling on the organisers of a planned sky lantern release to cancel the event after recent highly-publicised wildfires on moors on the edge of the Peak District .
Ruth George , who is MP for the High Peak , is concerned that the North West England sky lantern release , which is due to launch from Dale Head Road in Buxton on July 28 , could start fires in the open moorland within the Peak District National Park , close to the town .
They said : `` In light of the extremely hazardous conditions in High Peak currently and risk of fires , I am calling on the organisers to cancel this event .
`` I have been told by Derbyshire Fire Service that it will be 'strongly advising against this event ' when it considers a licence for it and will highlight the many risks especially , as the weather looks to remain dry .
`` No rain is forecast in Buxton for the next 2 weeks , and likely until the date of the event . In addition , there are guidelines on sky lanterns stating they must not be released in wind speeds which exceed 5mph .
`` Buxton is one of the highest market towns in the UK and wind speeds are rarely less than 5mph , even in the evenings .
`` It is therefore highly unlikely that the event will ever be able to take place at Buxton Raceway . ''
Lights Fest , a not-for-profit company which works with charities is organising the event . Tickets are £30 and include a lantern and a marker . It says on its website : `` Our lantern launch will take place at nightfall and is 100 % dependent on the wind and the fire marshal 's approval . ''
The company is based in Utah , USA and is currently touring sites around the world with its Lights Festival . It is due to release lanterns in Birmingham on the same day as the Buxton event .
So far the Derby Telegraph has not received a response from the company .
We 've just launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the iOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
The logo of Votorantim , Brazil 's largest diversified industrial group , is pictured in the entrance of one of their industrial buildings at the city of Votorantim , Brazil , April 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
A motorcyclist rides past the name of Votorantim city at a square in the city , Brazil , April 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
The main entrance of a Votorantim plant , Brazil 's largest diversified industrial group , is pictured in the city of Votorantim , Brazil , April 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
São Paulo Votorantim Metais Holding SA , one of Latin America 's largest producers of base metals , is considering an initial public offering to fund investments and provide parent company Votorantim SA with cash to expand in other core areas , four people with direct knowledge of the transaction said .
The São Paulo-based company , known as VMH , is seen completing a three-stage IPO preparation plan by September , according to one of the people . Toronto and New York appear to be the favoured destinations for a VMH listing , the person said .
Talks with investment banks are at an advanced stage , with Bank of America Corp ( BAC.N ) , Morgan Stanley ( MS.N ) and JPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM.N ) among those said to be vying for underwriting spots , two of the people said .
The four people spoke under condition of anonymity because the transaction remains private . They did not detail a tentative structure and timetable for the transaction or give an estimated value for VMH .
The IPO would give VMH access to a wide base of investors betting on a long-term recovery in zinc , copper , lead and silver prices , the first person said . Proceeds may come in handy for parent Votorantim , Brazil 's largest diversified industrial group , to grow in energy and other core sectors while cutting a 14.7 billion-real ( 3.77 billion pounds ) debt burden , the people added .
Contacted on Sunday , media officials at parent Votorantim , which is controlled by Brazil 's billionaire Ermirio de Moraes family , declined to comment on `` market speculation . ''
Bank of America , Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan declined to comment .
EQUITY OFFERINGS
VMH is the latest addition to a long list of Brazilian companies pursuing IPOs in coming months to rebalance their capital structure and pave the way for future expansion .
Some large Brazilian groups are taking advantage of a revival in capital markets activity this year to list some subsidiaries or exit businesses , as well as to raise cash to bring down debt .
Bankers expect up to one-fourth of planned Brazilian company listings for this year to happen overseas .
The local subsidiary of France 's Carrefour SA ( CARR.PA ) , as well as airline Azul SA and N2com Internet SA , known by the online shoe retailing brand Netshoes , are seeking to list their operations domestically or overseas .
With a presence in Brazil and Peru , where it holds a majority stake in Cia Minera Milpo SA MIL.LM , VMH operates five industrial compounds in Brazil 's state of Minas Gerais , and in Cajamarquilla in Peru . VMH also has sales offices in Houston and Luxembourg .
Last year , investments in zinc and byproducts represented 11 percent of Votorantim 's capital spending of about $ 3 billion . Those investments included efforts to extend the working life of the Vazante mine in Brazil for another 10 years .
Net revenue at Votorantim 's zinc and byproducts division came in at 6.386 billion reais last year , with adjusted earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortisation of 1.328 billion reais .
EBITDA , as the gauge of operational profits is commonly known , reached 21 percent of revenue , making the zinc and byproducts division the most profitable activity among parent Votorantim 's five business segments in last year 's financial results .
( Editing by Daniel Flynn and Steve Orlofsky )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Putin says Russia 's economic crisis is over , inflation falling
MOSCOW , June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia 's economic crisis was over and that inflation , already at a historic low , would fall further to 4 percent this year .
April 28 Innopac Holdings Ltd :
* Wong Chin Yong is appointed as chairperson of board
* Dato ' Moehamad Izat Emir to step down as chairperson of board with immediate effect Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BRIEF-Apollo Endosurgery files for stock shelf offering of ‍​up to $ 17.3 mln
* Apollo Endosurgery inc files for stock shelf offering of ‍​up to $ 17.3 million - sec filing Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Contact
ECS Team , Sydni Williams-Shaw
* * * @ ecsteam.com ECS Team , Sydni Williams-Shaw
End
-- ECS Team , a technology consulting firm that helps its clients accelerate digital transformation , improve productivity and streamline business operations , announced today that it is a Bronze Sponsor of the Cloud Foundry Summit taking place June 13 to 15 in Santa Clara , Calif. As a sponsor , ECS Team will exhibit , as well as provide a number of talks and a training throughout the event.The three-day event offers education on deploying and managing applications on Cloud Foundry and how it works , including specific presentations around services , buildpacks and architecture . It 's the only place to meet the global Cloud Foundry developer community and discuss the roadmap for the fastest-growing cloud-native platform.ECS Team 's Steve Wall and Michael Minges will lead a training workshop on `` Operating a Platform : BOSH and Everything Else . '' The training will teach attendees how to deploy and manage the Cloud Foundry platform as well as the stateful data services that power cloud-native applications.In addition , ECS Team will provide four different talks throughout the Cloud Foundry Summit including : · Get on TOP of Your Cloud Foundry Foundations by Kurt Kellner , Chief Technical Architect at ECS Team· Using Bosh Add-Ons to Customize Your Cloud Foundry Experience by Senior Cloud Architects Josh Ghiloni and Tom Collings· A Roadmap to Active Multi Cloud by Director of Enterprise Solutions Architecture Steve Wall· Effective Patterns and Practices for Polyglot Programming by Senior Cloud Architects Anou Manavalan and Martin Kreibe '' We are excited to once again sponsor and participate in the Silicon Valley Cloud Foundry Summit 2017 , '' said Mark Carlson , Chief Technology Officer at ECS Team . `` Each year this conference provides us an unique opportunity to continue networking with Cloud Foundry community members and hear more about how they are using the platform within their own enterprises . `` ECS Team is a Silver member of the Cloud Foundry Foundation and sponsored and presented at the 2015 Cloud Foundry Summit . Since 2014 , ECS Team has also sponsored the rapidly growing Colorado Cloud Foundry meetup and provided numerous meetup and conference speakers on Cloud Foundry-related topics.ECS Team is a technology consulting firm that helps our clients accelerate digital transformation , improve productivity and streamline business operations . We have completed hundreds of successful projects ranging from custom development and cloud application migration to workplace collaboration solutions and complex system integrations . Our senior-level , technical consultants are experts in delivering technology-driven solutions for enterprises nationwide . Learn more at www.ecsteam.com
* Speculative Eurodollar net shorts hit another record high * Dealers , leveraged funds cut 10-year T-note net shorts * Speculative ultra bond net shorts highest since November ( Add details on other T-note , rates futures ) March 31 Speculators ' net bearish bets on U.S. 10-year Treasury note futures fell to their lowest since late November on doubts about fiscal stimulus from Washington , according to Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday . Meanwhile , expectations the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates further in the coming months led speculative net shorts in Eurodollar futures to another record high at 3.06 million contracts . The amount of speculators ' bearish , or short , positions in 10-year Treasury futures exceeded bullish , or long , positions by 69,419 contracts on March 28 , according to the CFTC 's latest Commitments of Traders data . A week earlier , speculators held 100,354 net short positions in 10-year T-note futures . By investor groups , bond dealers and leveraged funds reduced their 10-year T-note net shorts to 42,800 and 185,056 on Tuesday . Asset managers lowered their net longs to 286,295 . Among other T-note maturities , speculators ' net shorts in two-year T-notes fell sharply to their lowest in five weeks , while net shorts in five-year T-notes hit a seven-week trough . Speculative net shorts in T-bond futures fell to their lowest since December , but speculate net shorts in ultra bonds reached their highest level since November . Below is a table of the speculative positions in Treasury futures on the Chicago Board of Trade and in Eurodollar futures on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange in the latest week : U.S. 2-year T-notes ( Contracts of $ 200,000 ) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 284,613 221,200 Short 311,134 379,677 Net -26,521 -158,477 U.S. 5-year T-notes ( Contracts of $ 100,000 ) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 423,243 369,353 Short 681,814 685,147 Net -258,571 -315,794 U.S. 10-year T-notes ( Contracts of $ 100,000 ) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 631,973 607,230 Short 701,392 707,584 Net -69,419 -100,354 U.S. T-bonds ( Contracts of $ 100,000 ) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 104,901 88,662 Short 125,306 142,674 Net -20,405 -54,012 U.S. Ultra T-bonds ( Contracts of $ 100,000 ) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 40,176 56,556 Short 124,921 131,332 Net -84,745 -74,776 Eurodollar ( Contracts of $ 1,000,000 ) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 417,957 396,578 Short 3,473,838 3,405,660 Net -3,055,881 -3,009,082 Fed funds 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 153,550 159,022 Short 373,085 367,128 Net -219,535 -208,106 ( Reporting by Richard Leong ; Editing by Richard Chang and James Dalgleish )
LIMA , Peru — More than 1,000 young pilgrims will share their cultures , joys and struggles at a gathering of indigenous youth in a small town in Panama just before World Youth Day in January .
They are likely to be joined by several thousand local indigenous people , who will make the journey on foot or horseback , carrying food with them and setting up camp at the gathering place as is the custom during traditional assemblies , said Father Joe Fitzgerald , a Vincentian missionary from Philadelphia who heads the Panamanian church 's national indigenous ministry office .
“ This will be an encounter with the Lord through our culture , ” Emilda Santos , 20 , who is Ngabe and one of the event 's coordinators , told Catholic News Service .
The gathering will take place Jan. 17-21 in the Ngabe territory of Soloy , in the Diocese of David , in western Panama . Father Fitzgerald , 48 , has worked in the Soloy mission parish since 2007 .
The participants also will take part in World Youth Day Jan. 22-27 in Panama City .
At the indigenous event , participants will reinforce their identity by sharing traditional music and dance and dramatizations of the struggles they have encountered , Santos said .
“ We want to free ourselves from social exclusion and also from religious exclusion , ” because in society and even in the church , “ indigenous people are often marginalized , ” they said .
Mini-pilgrimages during the event will enable the young people to explore and share their indigenous heritage . One will take them to a traditional cemetery and ritual cave , another to a village , and a third to a plant nursery , where they will prepare 5,000 seedlings to be sown later , when the rainy season begins .
This first international indigenous youth encounter echoes the themes of the 2016 World Youth Day in Krakow , Poland , where Pope Francis urged young people to “ press forward , not only cherishing the memory of the past , but also with courage in the present and hope for the future . ”
It also will come a year after the pope met with Amazonian indigenous people from Bolivia , Peru and Brazil during their visit to Peru in January 2018 and asked them to give the church an indigenous face by helping bishops , religious and lay workers understand their cultures and worldviews .
The logo for the event combines the cross of Jesus with a “ penca , ” a traditional open-sided , palm-thatched dwelling ; cacao and corn , sacred plants for many indigenous peoples in Mexico and Central America ; a chameleon , representing the diversity of creation ; and plant roots reaching into the earth that Pope Francis calls “ our common home . ”
After the pope announced that the 2019 World Youth Day would be held in Panama , home to seven native peoples , the idea of a gathering of indigenous youth before the main event took shape during meetings of members of indigenous ministry teams in Central America and Mexico , Father Fitzgerald said .
The event is open to indigenous , native or aboriginal peoples from any part of the world , though early inquiries have come mainly from the Americas and Australia .
The Ngabe territory of Soloy is Panama 's largest indigenous territory , or “ comarca. ” The parish center is easily accessible by road for pilgrims traveling from North America and Central America to the main event in Panama City , although most of the comarca 's villages are reachable only by foot or on horseback , Father Fitzgerald said .
The event comes at a time when indigenous people in various parts of the world , including the Americas , increasingly face harassment and sometimes physical attacks for defending their territories . Besides reinforcing the participants ' pride in their identity , the gathering is meant to encourage young people to take leadership roles in their communities and countries , they said .
After the gathering in Soloy , the young people will continue their pilgrimage to Panama City for the World Youth Day events . That is the same route taken by many indigenous teens and young adults who leave their comarcas in search of better opportunities for work or studies in the city .
Once there , however , urban indigenous youths face obstacles , said Jeroncio Osorio , 19 , a young Guna man who is studying administration at the National University of Panama in Panama City .
“ It 's hard to find work when you do n't have experience , ” said Osorio , who helps with indigenous ministry workshops for young people in the city .
During World Youth Day the young indigenous pilgrims will set up a native village in a Panama City park , with music , dance , traditional handcrafts and presentations highlighting their cultures , which often become invisible when they move to the city .
The encounter also will give the indigenous young people a chance to reflect on the relationship between their Christian faith and their traditional religion , said Eidigili Valiente , 23 , Osorio 's sister , who is in their last year of studies at the National University of Panama .
Indigenous ministry workshops in Panama and other Central American countries have shown their parallels between events in the Bible , especially the Old Testament , and traditional Guna stories , Valiente said . Both include stories of the creation of the first human couple and of a devastating flood , they said .
Since migrating to the city as a teenager , Valiente said they have learned to stand up for themselves and for other indigenous young people when people questioned their abilities . When they began studying psychology , they were the only indigenous student in the class .
Although “ as an indigenous person , ( sometimes ) you 're afraid , ” they said , they won their peers ' respect by talking openly about their culture and by pride in their ability to speak not only Spanish , but also Guna and some English .
“ If you do n't respect yourself , if you do n't love yourself for being Guna , for being indigenous , ” they said , “ who 's going to do it ? ”
Copyright ©2018 Catholic News Service/U.S . Conference of Catholic Bishops .
If Davina McCall can wear a thong bikini at 50 , so can you .
Davina McCall has long been a health and fitness hero , with their hit workout DVDs and guides to going sugar-free , but this week they reached new heights of body positive inspiration when they posted a photo on Instagram wearing a thong bikini – just days before turning 50 .
“ First foray into thong bikini… at 50 this might look like I 'm showing off… I am , ” they captioned the picture , taken on a girly holiday to France . “ I 'm pretty chuffed , having thought I would be in one pieces after 40 I am so happy . ”
And who can blame her ? The former Big Brother presenter works hard to stay fit , but their refreshingly honest gym selfies prove that it is n't always easy , and they are n't obsessed with how they look , it 's more about how exercise makes them feel .
Plus , Davina 's frilly Brazilian briefs are n't as skimpy as the kind of itsy-bitsy swimwear we see the Kardashian clan in – they 're actually really flattering .
Feeling inspired by the 49-year-old 's cheeky post ? Glad to hear it . Here are 5 bum-baring bikinis to wear with pride on your next holiday…
1 . Luli Fama Blue Bikini Thong Bottom And Reversible Top – Indico Fio , £150.97 , BrazilianBikiniShop.com
( BrazilianBikiniShop/PA )
2 . Vero Moda Scallop Triangle BikinI Top , £24 , and Thong Bikini Bottoms , £22 , ASOS
( ASOS/PA )
3 . Boohoo Venice Mix & Match Candystripe Strappy Triangle Top , £8 , and Brazilian Thong Brief , £8
( Boohoo/PA )
4 . KS 3 Strap Triangle Bikini Top , £16.28 , and Panty , £16.28 , NA-KD.com
( NA-KD/PA )
5 . Minimale Animale The Knotted Treachery Top , £101.69 , and The Knotted Bandit Brief , £97.92 , Revolve.com
( Revolve/PA )
© Press Association 2017
Government plugs rubber switch
The government is seeking intrepid smallholder farmers to pilot a project that would transform 6,000 hectares of cropland in two provinces into a patchwork of small rubber plantations .
The Ministry of Agriculture is eyeing 5,000 hectares of land in Ratanakkiri and 1,000 hectares in Battambang for the project , and has already secured interest from thousands of smallholder farmers , according to Pol Sopha , general director of the ministry 's rubber development department .
“ In the first step , we identified 2,500 farming families in two provinces , Battambang , Ratanakkiri , who were willing to invest in growing rubber and ready to convert their land from crop farms to rubber plantations , ” they said yesterday .
The ministry is currently preparing a feasibility study on the substitute crop project .
If approved by the ministers of agriculture and finance , the government will apply for a $ 13 million loan from French development agency AFD to cover the low-interest loans it will distribute to farmers that sign on .
“ Rubber plantations hold potential for farmers as they will receive financing at a low interest rate , receive technical training from the AFD , and their rubber plantation will have a high yield , which will secure their family 's financial future , ” Sopha explained .
The terms of the loans to be distributed to farmers have not been decided , they added .
The government 's push for smallholder rubber plantations comes as rubber prices show a bounce after a five-year global supply glut that depressed prices . The price for natural rubber recently topped $ 2,400 per tonne , making the cash crop profitable once again , according to Sopha .
Cambodia currently has more than 430,000 hectares of rubber plantations , the majority of which are large-scale projects on economic land concessions ( ELCs ) . Smallholder farms cultivate rubber on about 150,000 hectares .
Sopha estimates that another 300,000 hectares could be brought under cultivation .
Heng Sreng , director of Cambodian rubber producer Long Sreng International , which has over 5,000 hectares of rubber under cultivation in Kampong Cham province , cast doubt on the wisdom of the project , arguing that rubber was a cash crop better suited for large producers that can leverage economies of scale . They said smallholder farmers would be better off investing in crops such as mango or longan , which offer higher returns .
They said a farmer could earn $ 10,000 profit per year from a hectare of mangoes , compared to $ 4,500 per year from rubber and with far less risk .
“ Rubber is not a priority for smallholder farmers as its market is volatile and producers remains dependant on other countries because there are no rubber factories here , ” they added .
Sreng said AFD-backed loans to farmers could help raise them out of poverty , but only if used for profitable crops .
“ Farmers will face a lot of risk if they convert from their usual crop to rubber plantations , ” they said . “ However , it would be suitable if they had free land and wanted to invest in a large-scale rubber plantation . ”
Nat Torkington has been active in web development since the early days of the web . They wrote the bestselling Perl Cookbook , and chaired conferences for O'Reilly Media for a decade . During their time at O'Reilly Media , Nat was an editor and then became a trend-spotter for the O'Reilly Radar group , identifying the topics to build events and books around . They have worked in areas as diverse as networking , publishing , science , edtech , and NLP . They now live in New Zealand , where they run Kiwi Foo Camp and helps startups grow .
CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) `` Major Australian TV company Ten Network said Wednesday it had appointed voluntary administrators as it struggles with debt and shrinking advertising revenue .
The board of Ten Network Holdings Ltd. decided to appoint the three administrators after two of the network 's billionaire backers , Lachlan Murdoch and Bruce Gordon , advised last weekend they were not prepared to guarantee a new 250 million Australian-dollar ( $ 189 million ) bank loan when a current AU $ 200 million loan is due to expire in December .
The decisions of Murdoch , son of News Corp. chief executive Rupert Murdoch , and Gordon `` left the directors with no choice but to appoint administrators , '' Ten said in a statement to the Australian Securities Exchange .
`` This decision comes despite the Ten Group making significant progress to realize the potential sources of improvements to future earnings '' identified in a recent directors ' report , the network said .
Advertisement
The administrators will decide whether Australia 's third most popular commercial television network can continue trading or should be shut down .
`` The directors of Ten regret very much that these circumstances have come to pass , '' the network said .
Communication Minister Mitch Fifield said the government would introduce legislation into Parliament on Thursday to change Australian media ownership laws which were drafted in the 1980s to ensure media diversity .
`` The Ten Network is a wakeup call for opponents to media reform and the Ten Network has been at the forefront of those arguing over the last 18 months that we need precisely the sort of media reform package that the government is putting to the Parliament , '' Fifield told reporters .
The government plans to remove a ban on a single company owning a TV station , radio station and a newspaper in one city . Companies can own any two but not all three . The government also wants to lift a prohibition on a single company having a license to broadcast to more than 75 percent of the Australian population .
The opposition Labor Party is concerned that the changes would lead to a greater concentration of media ownership .
`` The greatest threat to the diversity of the Australian media would be an Australian media organization that did n't continue , that went out of business , '' Fifield said .
`` We want to unshackle Australian media organizations so that they 've got more options as to how they configure themselves and how they can be viable long into the future , '' they added .
Ten shares were placed in a trading halt on Tuesday .
In October , Ten posted an AU $ 156.8 million loss for the year through August , driven by a AU $ 135.2 million writedown in the value of its broadcast license , a tough advertising market and mounting costs .
WASHINGTON U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Wednesday that a poison gas attack in Syria was a `` heinous act and would be treated as such . ''
Speaking at the Pentagon before a meeting with their counterpart from Singapore , Mattis did not elaborate on what that would mean .
Western countries , including the United States , blamed Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's armed forces for the worst poison gas attack in Syria for more than four years , which choked scores of people to death in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in a rebel-held area on Tuesday .
( Reporting by Idrees Ali ; Editing by Alistair Bell )
JOHANNESBURG ( miningweekly.com ) – Emerging plant nutrient producer Kropz is eyeing a dual listing on the Johannesburg Securities Exchange in addition to seeking admission to trade on the Aim in London , where it intends raising equity capital to fund the completion of its advanced-stage phosphates project in South Africa , cut debt and develop a wider African asset base .
Having already spent $ 120-million to take its Elandsfontein phosphates mining and processing project in South Africa 's Western Cape to 95 % completion , Kropz has applied for an exploration prospect in Ghana and sees potential to extend the life-of-mine at Elandsfontein and look at acquisitions to increase production .
Advertisement
“ We certainly have every intention to dual list in South Africa . I think it 's the right thing to do as a South African-based operation . But also , London , between Tanzanite One , Gemfields , MDM , has been good to us , and it provides access to a lot of global funds , ” Kropz CEO Ian Harebottle said of the Aim-quoted companies with which they have been associated in the past .
The company 's directors believe that being a publicly traded company will allow it to take full advantage of additional opportunities in the fertiliser supply chain .
Advertisement
“ Hopefully it will be fairly early in the second half , ” they said of the admission timeline .
The company has 100 years of phosphate experience in the independent technical panel .
“ But still , from a listing basis , you want to under-promise and over-deliver , so , you 'll see we 're talking of above 180 000 t per year as a starting base , with a high level of confidence that we 'll be able to take that closer to or above a million tonnes a year , which then makes a very big difference . I mean , that all goes to bottom line , ” Harebottle commented to Creamer Media 's Mining Weekly Online in an exclusive interview .
Ubuntu-Botho is Kropz 's broad-based black economic empowerment partner in its Elandsfontein project , in which Patrice Motsepe 's African Rainbow Capital is a 26 % shareholder .
The multidisciplinary global engineering group DRA is delivering the required mining and mineral processing expertise at Elandsfontein , where intensive testwork points to the need for an additional water circuit for flotation to work well optimally .
Even at 850 000 t/y throughput , the project will achieve payback in its first year at current phosphate rock prices , which are currently above the $ 100/t mark .
“ I 've just come from DRA and they 're also as confident and as positive as we are about the success of the project , ” they said .
The targeting by Kropz of phosphates prospects in Ghana and West Africa coincides with intelligence company CRU 's prediction that phosphate rock prices will rise in the long term , spurred by escalating population growth , changing global dietary patterns and decreasing arable land , resulting in increases in demand and improvements in phosphate fertiliser prices .
“ Stage one is getting Elandsfontein up and running , stage two is perhaps the target site in West Africa and stage three is the Ghana site . Certainly , my personal vision is to have a billion tonnes of resource in the ground and within a few years to be doing three- to four-million tonnes worth of sales . That 's a fairly ambitious strategy , but the building blocks to achieve that are coming together and the market 's coming back , ” Harebottle outlined .
LOW CADMIUM
The quality of all three orebodies is said to be high and all have the advantage of being close to ports . Though the Ghana orebody has the highest cadmium content of the three , blending the Ghana ore with Elandsfontein ore would take the combined ore below the cadmium target set by the European Union .
Low cadmium content is expected to grow in importance against the backdrop of increasing global concern about health and safety .
The target set by the European Union for cadmium , a carcinogenic element absorbed by plants , is expected to be ramped up over time .
“ The only kind of nervousness is that besides some of our production , you may have only had Russia , or some of the other producers who would have had to produce at higher cost , because they would have had to reduce the cadmium . But now with Elandsfontein providing an alternative , it ticks all the right boxes , ” they said .
Elandsfontein 's initial mine life is 14 years from a compliant 101-million tonne resource at 7.7 % phosphorus pentoxide ( P 2 O 5 ) and a probable 63.6-million tonne reserve at 9.6 % P 2 O 5 .
The vision of the company is to develop over time into an integrated , mine-to-market plant nutrient company focused on sub-Saharan Africa , which has the fastest-growing population in the world , with food demand expected to triple by 2050 , and the region 's subsequent fertiliser needs anticipated to rise accordingly .
OFFTAKE AGREEMENTS
Market price forms the base of the offtake agreement that Kropz has signed with State-owned phosphates company Foskor , which is reportedly comfortable with the Elandsfontein ore it has tested .
“ But we would need to at least deliver the first 10 000 t. We 're comfortable on the basis of all the testwork we 've done that it will comply , but that 's in everyone 's interests because once that 's in place and once that 's signed , sealed and delivered , it 's a kind of take-or-pay arrangement , so it 's quite a big commitment for both parties and then the other two are trading and we do have agreements . We 've got a lot of demand for our ore at the moment by when we build strong lasting relations , we try and work with the clients , but you also have to look after the best interests of the company and its shareholders , ” they said .
Besides being a rand hedge for Foskor , the low cadmium content of the Kropz ore will also provide Foskor with greater efficiency potential .
Kropz 's other offtake agreements already concluded involve marketing into the Americas and India through major trading companies , making it clear that the company is not going to struggle to sell its rock .
Phosphorus , an element for all forms of life that can not be substituted or recycled , is an ingredient for the downstream fertiliser market .
“ The number one thing that excites me is that I 'm really proud to be part of one of the South African mining projects that is new . I grew up in South Africa where mining was the core to our economy and it has kind of dwindled . To be part of a successful mining project is key - the fact that South Africa is being used as a base to grow and focus on sub-Saharan Africa , and not just on jobs , skills and revenue creation but also our commitment towards developing downstream value addition and beneficiation .
“ Now that 's multi-layered . Most people when they see that they just think of finished product but there is more than one way you can do that and it 's got to meet the needs of the small- , medium- and large-scale farmers . Hopefully we can be something that South Africa can be proud of , another Investec ? Mining 's a great sector . Ninety percent of what 's around you is thanks to what we as the miners do , ” Harebottle said of Kropz , which is intent on setting a new standard in the green mining of fertiliser feed minerals that will meaningfully contribute towards feeding sub-Saharan Africa for generations to come .
HOUSTON — Motorcycle dealership Honda of Houston changed hands in an asset sale Monday and was acquired by Cypress-based Drake Powersports LLC .
The dealership , a 24-year-old Houston institution specializing in motorcycles and off-road vehicles , will continue to operate at its current showroom and service facility location on West Road near U.S. 290 . Honda of Houston will keep its name , but the company is now operating under new ownership and management .
“ Honda of Houston will be recast as a vibrant dealership with an enthusiastic , experienced team of professionals to provide all customers with an outstanding experience , ” Steven Quance , owner of Drake Powersports , said . “ Going forward , Honda of Houston will have a full selection of new and used products to fit any budget . The parts and service departments will continue to be staffed with seasoned professionals who will make sure customers get what they need , when they need it . ”
Last week , Honda of Houston was closed for sales while the parts and service departments remained open . With the ownership change , the dealership has been restored to full operations .
Drake Powersports—and its acquisition of Honda of Houston—is the newest addition to Quance 's Cypress-based group of companies that includes Drake Enterprises , Drake Plastics , Drake Medical , Triumph Drilling , and Drake Petroleum , among others .
CAIRO , April 10 Egypt 's EFG Hermes is advising on 5-6 initial public offerings ( IPOs ) and acquisitions through 2017 , Mostafa Gad , co-head of EFG Hermes ' investment banking division , told Reuters on Monday .
The IPOs and acquisitions are valued at $ 500-700 million and are in the consumer goods , health , banking and other sectors , Gad said . ( Reporting by Ehab Farouk ; writing by Asma Alsharif ; editing by Jason Neely )
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
WEIGHT LOSS : Tahlysha Hartvigsen before and after gastric sleeve surgery . They have lost almost 50kg in eight months .
WEIGHT LOSS : Tahlysha Hartvigsen before and after gastric sleeve surgery . They have lost almost 50kg in eight months . Contributed
IT WAS a visit to see their grandmother that gave Tahlysha Hartvigsen the wake-up call they said they needed to make drastic changes to their weight .
If they had n't , the Bundaberg woman said their young life could very well have been cut short .
`` I think the end result would have been me dying young , ” they said .
`` I would have eaten myself to death . ”
At just 17 years old , Mrs Hartvigsen was 110 kilograms and struggled to do daily activities due to their weight .
After a heartfelt conversation with their grandma and with their wedding up and coming , they decided to undergo gastric sleeve surgery and thus began the life-changing process .
`` My grandmother sat me down and had me in tears talking about my weight , ” they said .
`` She said to me that it was getting out of control and I had to do something about it .
`` So that 's when I knew I needed the surgery- I was sleeved at 18 and 122.3kg . ”
WEIGHT LOSS : Tahlysha Hartvigsen on their wedding day before their gastric sleeve surgery . Contributed
Eight months on , Mrs Hartvigsen said they had completely changed as a person and was now weighing a healthier 76kg - an almost 50kg weight loss .
They said while the process was long , arduous and at times , a total emotional roller coaster ride , they believed if they had n't pushed through , they would never have lived a full life .
`` I had been told that I was going to die by 40 if I did n't do something about it , ” they said .
In the lead up to the surgery , Mrs Hartvigsen had weeks of fasting before being allowed to be hospitalised .
WEIGHT LOSS : Tahlysha Hartvigsen and their husband Kyle before they underwent gastric sleeve surgery . Contributed
After their surgery , Mrs Hartvigsen then had to follow very strict dietary rules .
`` I could n't drink anything on my first day , my second day was just clear fluids and my third day was whatever could fit through a straw , ” they said .
`` I had to do that for two weeks followed by two weeks of pureed food , two weeks of soft food and then I could go on to normal food .
`` I found it really hard because I could only eat one or two spoonfuls at a time . Even now I can only eat about a quarter of a cup of food at a time . ”
WEIGHT LOSS : Tahlysha Hartvigsen and their husband Kyle . Contributed
They said the process was a tough one and definitely not the `` easy way out ” that they once thought .
`` My mum had the same surgery when they were 22 and when I found out , I used to tell them it was the easy way and I think a lot of people think that way about it , ” they said .
`` Never did I realise how hard it is- it is so physically and emotionally draining .
`` To actually be approved for gastric sleeve surgery , you have to prove you have done everything else to lose weight .
`` In my case I did try everything including exercising and dieting , nothing worked . ”
WEIGHT LOSS : Tahlysha Hartvigsen was over 120kg before they underwent the surgery at just 18 years old . Contributed
Mrs Hartvigsen put their previous weight gain down to a number of factors including their condition of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and the tough time they experienced growing up .
`` I do suffer from PCOS which leads to weight gain but I was also bullied my whole life and I have mental health issues because of that- I turned to food as my comfort , ” they said .
`` Now , when I look in a mirror I still see myself as a fat person but physically I feel good , I have got the energy for gym , work and full time uni . ”
WEIGHT LOSS : Tahlysha Hartvigsen in the pants they wore before their gastric sleeve surgery . Contributed
Mrs Hartvigsen said they wanted to tell their story in the hope they would be able to inspire others to make the right health decisions .
`` To other people going through their own journey , definitely do n't give up , ” they said .
`` I have gone down from a size 22 to a size 12 and the whole time I have had the support of my amazing husband and family , especially my mum , grandma and great-grandfather .
`` I 've completely changed as a person and owe it to my surgery . ”
Adelaide Archbishop Philip Wilson will challenge their conviction for concealing child sex abuse and says they will only resign if they lose their appeal .
Source : 1 NEWS
A day after being sentenced to 12 months detention , the most senior Catholic official in the world to be found guilty of concealing child sex abuse said they will lodge an appeal to the NSW District Court .
`` Since that process is not yet complete , I do not intend to resign at this time . However , if I am unsuccessful in my appeal , I will immediately offer my resignation to the Holy See , '' Archbishop Wilson said in a statement .
Yesterday , Newcastle Magistrate Robert Stone ordered Adelaide Archbishop Philip Wilson to serve at least six months before they are eligible for parole .
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development representing the group of 35 most industrialized countries warned Wednesday that wage hikes had been too modest to reflect recent developments on the labor market .
OECD researchers noted that unemployment rates in most member states were now below or close to the levels recorded before the start of the global financial crisis in 2007/2008 .
Joblessness across the group is predicted to reach 5.3 percent at the end of 2018 and 5.1 percent in the following year .
But nominal wage growth in the last quarter of 2017 was only 3.2 percent , compared with a 5.8-percent increase in the second quarter of last year .
Usually in low-unemployment scenarios , not many workers compete for open positions , meaning companies often have to boost wage offers to lure suitable employees .
Impact not evenly felt
But this was not happening now , the OECD said in its latest employment report . It pointed out that wage stagnation was affecting median and low-paid workers much worse than high earners , warning that the slowdown `` could undermine public belief in the recovery . ''
Researchers emphasized that tech companies had in no small way contributed to lowering average wage gains across OECD members . They said employees in innovative tech firms usually did n't adequately profit from productivity jumps as the companies in question tended to pass on a lot of the gains to investors .
The organization called for coordinated collective bargaining systems with `` strong and self-regulated social partners and effective mediation bodies . ''
Watch video 04:00 Now live 04:00 mins . Share Equal wages - but not for everyone Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https : //p.dw.com/p/2wUbk Equal wages — but not for everyone
hg/jd ( dpa , Reuters )
No sooner have the tins empty of Cadbury 's Roses and mince pie boxes been thrown out after the annual feasting than thoughts turn to dieting . But as everyone knows , the best of intentions are often stymied by temptation . Temptation is everywhere from your local grocery shop to the aisles of sugar-laden food in supermarket with offers of three bars of chocolate for the price of one . How can you make good choices and cultivate healthy eating when the odds seem stacked against you ? And how can advertising work in your favour ?
Director of human health and nutrition at Safefood Cliodhna Foley-Nolan says a healthy diet is n't just for January . People should ask themselves why they want to lose weight , they add . Is it for the sake of appearance or for their health ?
“ Obviously , there are overlaps , ” says Foley-Nolan . “ From a health perspective , if you lose say 10 per cent off your weight of 15 stone ( 95kg ) , that 's a loss of one and a half stone . You might think that is not much but , from a health perspective , you are making a considerable difference . We call that moderate weight loss .
“ Where appearances are concerned , it 's very hard to lose a substantial amount of weight and keep it off . There is the danger of yo-yo dieting . You can end up gaining more weight than you lost . I 'd be much more ( in favour ) of the moderate approach where you form good habits and maintain them . ”
Simple steps like thinking ahead for when you are driving home from work , for example , can engender better eating habits . “ What 's in your car as you commute ? Is it a satsuma or a Mars bar ? You have to make healthy foods available to you , they say .
Eating out is a big issue too . “ We know we eat twice as many calories any time we eat out , ” they say . “ You can decide that you 're only going to have one course . And if you also go for dessert , you can divide it between two . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Shopping for food can often make the most determined healthy eater buy items that have a lot of calories but little nutritional value . “ People 's responsiveness to food cues varies greatly , ” they say . “ We 're all susceptible to the smell of fresh bread or coffee . But some people will respond much more than others and they are particularly taken advantage of .
Internet shopping
There are a few basic rules for food shopping , they say . Do n't shop when you are hungry , distracted or in a hurry . It also helps if you do n't have children with you . Making a shopping list is good and internet shopping is another way of bypassing “ bad ” foods .
Some people are better at self-regulation than others . “ It 's not just a willpower thing although willpower comes into it . Being satisfied varies from person to person . It can be difficult for some , usually those who are overweight or obese . If you fit into those categories , there 's a health risk . ”
Foley-Nolan says that a lot comes down to appetite control . “ We know that your appetite is controlled by your brain and the hormones that food releases . Eating more slowly can help as your stomach gets a chance to release hormones that tell your brain that you have had enough . ”
How can visceral responses or gut reactions to food be managed ? Dr Olivia Petit , a post-doctoral research fellow at the Imagineering Institute in Malaysia and the INSEEC Business School in France , recently published an article in Psychology & Marketing entitled Pleasure and the Control of Food Intake : An Embodied Cognition Approach to Consumer Self-Regulation . ( Petit is interested in consumer behaviour , consumer neuroscience , sensory marketing and food behaviour . )
Food choices
The article points out that food marketing and advertising lead consumers to making inferences about taste . These inferences facilitate product recall and willingness to consume the product . When dieting , people are likely to base their food choices solely on health aspects as they do n't perceive healthy food as pleasant . Advertising campaigns may help people to control their food intake more easily by questioning the negative relationship between healthy versus tasty food . For example , the Swedish grocery retail chain , ICA Sverige AB , adopted sensory labels ( juicy oranges rather than Florida oranges ) to try to entice consumers into eating more fruit and vegetables .
By highlighting the pleasure of eating healthy food , properly designed advertising could lead to food associations that facilitate the selection of healthy foods . Highlighting health consequences devalues healthy food choices .
The challenge , according to the article , is to develop healthy food advertising campaigns that use strategies that evoke embodiment to facilitate mental simulation and tackle the ‘ dysfunctional inferences ' of taste and reward .
A healthier diet can also lead to redefining oneself . This stems from the idea that we express who we are through what we consume . There is research that argues that self-identity influences behaviour . While the marketplace can direct identity formation , it is also a place for expressing one 's identity . In communicating our identities to others , we consume certain products and actively avoid others . People who wish to portray a health-conscious identity will engage in activities and consume products that signal that meaning .
But Foley-Nolan sounds a note of caution . “ I 'm no psychologist but to me , your weight and what you eat are not the only definition of you , ” they say . “ If you seriously think that your weight and what you eat are the only things you have to tackle , you need to think of all the other things – and the things that people value in you . While encouraging change , I would say you should use your common sense . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
They believe in not being overly tough on oneself either . Have some dark chocolate occasionally – two squares made from at least 70 per cent cocoa is best . “ But do n't let it all hang out or you will beat yourself up for doing that and you 'll feel bad afterwards. ” So moderation is still key .
PHOENIX ( AP ) — Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to walk off the job this week to demand more funding for public education , an unprecedented action in this conservative state without many union protections .
Educators who are among the lowest-paid in the U.S. have organized weeks of protests seeking raises and a boost in overall school funding , culminating in a vote for the first-ever statewide strike .
It comes despite a plan from Republican Gov . Doug Ducey to increase teacher pay 20 percent by 2020 . Teachers are concerned about a lack of stable funding and a failure to address other demands .
A grass-roots teachers group mobilized the # RedforEd campaign , with backing from the Arizona Education Association , the largest teacher membership group . But the association lacks the power to collectively bargain with school districts or require mandatory participation in this right-to-work state .
Advertisement
That has led to a disparity across school districts in how to handle the walkout and could lead to fallout for Arizona educators .
Here 's a look at what 's happening :
WHAT 'S A WALKOUT AND WHAT WILL HAPPEN ?
A walkout is a job action that can be used as a protest , and teachers plan to launch it statewide Thursday , with no end date set . With 78 percent of roughly 57,000 educators voting in favor last week , tens of thousands of teachers are expected to participate . Many are expected to attend a rally at the state Capitol .
Their participation could have consequences . Some states , like New York , prohibit strikes outright , but Arizona 's situation is less clear .
The education association has warned its 20,000 members about a 1971 Arizona attorney general opinion saying a statewide strike would be illegal under common law and participants could lose their teaching credentials . No school district has said they would fire educators who strike or revoke teaching certificates .
Teachers in some districts have been advised to take personal leave time to participate .
WHAT ARE THE DEMANDS ?
The one that received the most attention is a 20 percent raise for teachers . They also want yearly raises until their salaries reach the national average and competitive wages for all classified staff members .
Another demand is a return to pre-Great Recession spending levels , which would be roughly a $ 1 billion increase annually . Part of that includes the goal of driving down class sizes to a 23:1 ratio .
The fifth demand is a freeze on tax cuts until spending on each student reaches the national average . A May 2017 report from the National Education Association says per-pupil spending in Arizona was $ 8,296 , compared with $ 12,572 nationally .
HOW ARE THE GOVERNOR AND LAWMAKERS RESPONDING ?
Ducey has offered teachers a 20 percent raise by 2020 and pledged to see their proposal through despite concerns by lawmakers of their own party . They vetoed 10 Republican measures recently to push the Legislature to send them a budget with the pay increase .
Ducey 's plan relies on higher-than-expected state revenue . Republican legislative leaders have expressed concern about where the money might come from and are negotiating the plan this week .
WHAT DOES THE WALKOUT MEAN FOR SCHOOLS , TEACHERS AND PARENTS ?
The state 's nearly 200 public school districts can try to keep schools open or can close them down .
Districts were still determining their plans , but the state 's largest district in suburban Phoenix and many others have warned parents they will shut down at least Thursday and Friday . Schools could be open if enough teachers , staff or administrators show up .
Many parents will have to make child care plans . Community groups have opened registration for day camps , while some stay-at-home parents are volunteering to watch others ' children . Local parent-teacher associations also are putting together food boxes for kids who rely on free breakfast and lunch at school .
Hourly workers like custodians might not get paid if their schools close , but they would get a paycheck if the days are made up at the end of the school year .
WHAT 'S HAPPENED IN OTHER STATES ?
The Arizona campaign took inspiration from West Virginia , where teachers went on strike and got a raise . The movement also spread to Oklahoma , Kentucky and most recently Colorado , where over a dozen school districts are closing Thursday and Friday because of planned teacher protests .
Arizona has seen a unique blend of grass-roots uprising , with help from the teachers association . Unions mobilized teachers in other states , though they also had little collective bargaining power with districts .
Like Arizona , Oklahoma is a right-to-work state , where teachers spent two weeks on strike , even after money was approved for teacher raises and more school funding . West Virginia officials said a strike was illegal , but the nine-day action led to a 5 percent pay increase , much lower than what Arizona teachers have been offered .
Chances are Tony Pike is taking the group two Sacred Falls Hawke 's Bay Guineas winner to the races today .
The Cambridge trainer will head to Hastings with four strong chances in the 1400m three-year-old feature , named after the Waikato Stud stallion and four-time group one winner who was unbeaten in six starts for Pike .
Sacred Falls won the Hawke 's Bay Guineas in 2012 and two starts later won the 2000 Guineas at Riccarton before heading to Sydney to continue their career with Chris Waller .
Whether they have another Sacred Falls among their Guineas team today is yet to be seen , but between Haussman , Aim Smart , Bostonian and Felton Road , Pike believes they are producing their strongest assault on a feature race yet .
Advertisement
`` We 've gone into good races with one or two really strong chances before but never with this many , '' Pike said .
`` The market suggests we 've got a big hand to play but it 's never that simple . The bookmakers have our team as the first four favourites , let 's hope they 've got it right . They are all in good form and we 're happy with all of them .
`` We 've got good depth in our three-year-olds , though we 're lucky they were all winners last season as two-year-olds because I 'd say there are a few promising ones coming through that just have n't had the racing yet with the wet tracks . ''
TAB bookmakers have installed Aim Smart as the $ 3 favourite ahead of Haussman and Felton Road at $ 5 , with the unbeaten Bostonian at $ 7 .
The Murray Baker and Andrew Forsman-trained I Got You is on the next line of betting at $ 9.50 .
Aim Smart and Felton Road finished second and third behind the smart filly Prom Queen on their home track in the group three Northland Breeders ' Stakes ( 1200m ) at Ruakaka last start , hitting the line strongly on a track that rewarded those with the tactical speed to race on the pace .
`` It was hard to make up ground that day at Ruakaka . Felton Road settled back and it was always going to be hard for them with the leader 's bias , '' Pike said .
`` Aim Smart was in the same boat but they were both doing their best work late . It was a really encouraging return from Aim Smart and he 'll strip a fit horse for Saturday . Vinnie [ Colgan , jockey ] will be positive out of the gates and they should be really competitive .
`` The step up to 1400m is ideal for Felton Road . Their wide gate is a disadvantage but their racing pattern is to get back and with an even tempo , he 'll be a good chance in the race . ''
A genuine tempo in the Guineas is on Pike 's wish list , with Haussman likely to be attacking the line late after a brilliant fresh-up win at Hastings a fortnight ago .
`` His sectionals that day were very good , '' Pike said . `` His best form has been on rain-affected tracks but he 's got a nice action to suggest he 'll handle better going . ''
Innes , who rode Haussman , Bostonian and Felton Road at their last starts , will continue their association with Karaka Million-placed Felton Road , while Jason Waddell with ride Haussman and Mark Du Plessis has picked up the mount on Bostonian .
`` Saturday will tell us a lot of the story on what they do from here , '' Pike said .
- NZ Racing Desk
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
BRIEF-Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
* Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILKES-BARRE — Two additional parking options are available for Wednesday 's Old-Fashioned Fourth of July Celebration in Kirby Park , Mayor Tony George announced Tuesday .
Free parking is available at Wilkes University 's lot on Northampton Street in Kingston , next to Ralston Field , and at the Berkshire Hathaway Guard Insurance parking lot at West Market and South River streets in Wilkes-Barre .
Amusement rides will be set up in the Kirby Park parking lot , which also will be used for handicap parking only .
George said Market Street in the area of Kirby Park will be closed to vehicle traffic from 7:30 to 10:30 p.m. Wednesday because of expected pedestrian traffic associated with the fireworks display .
George also reminded attendees that dogs ( except for service dogs ) are prohibited in the park after noon on Wednesday . Alcoholic beverages , glass containers , smoking and personal fireworks ( including sparklers ) also are prohibited in the park .
— STEVE MOCARSKY
* U.S. 1st-quarter GDP comes in weaker than expected
* U.S. core PCE inflation gauge 2 percent
* U.S. labor costs rise in 1st quarter
* June Fed rate hike chances seen higher after GDP data ( Adds comment , updates prices )
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
NEW YORK , April 28 U.S. Treasury prices ended higher on Friday on last-minute month-end buying , reversing losses fueled by data showing steady growth in U.S. inflation and wages despite soft economic growth in the first quarter .
Expected month-end changes to portfolio benchmarks supported long-dated Treasuries , said Subadra Rajappa , head of U.S. rates strategy at Société Générale in New York .
Afternoon market movements nullified the earlier rise in yields , which move inversely to prices , following a mixed report on U.S. gross domestic product . Data showed the U.S. economy in the first quarter grew at its slowest pace in three years , but details of the report suggested a more upbeat outlook .
GDP grew at a 0.7 percent annual rate , the weakest since the first quarter of 2014 . First-quarter U.S. employment costs rose 0.8 percent , higher than market expectations , an indication of rising wage growth .
But there were positive elements . The core inflation measure , the PCE index , was 2 percent , compared with 1.3 percent in the fourth quarter . The headline PCE deflator was also up , by 2.4 percent . These figures suggested a build-up in inflation , which should keep the Federal Reserve on track to raise benchmark U.S. interest rates at least twice this year .
Rate futures have priced in a 71 percent probability of a Fed policy tightening in June after the GDP data , up from about 68 percent before the report 's release .
`` We continue to forecast two additional FOMC interest rate hikes in 2017 , to be followed by two ... in 2018 , '' said John Herrmann , director of interest rates strategy at MUFG Securities in New York .
In late trading , benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes were up 3/32 in price to yield 2.285 percent , down from 2.296 percent late on Thursday . Yields earlier hit session highs of 2.338 percent in the wake of the U.S. GDP data .
U.S. 30-year bond prices rose 6/32 , yielding 2.954 percent , down from Thursday 's 2.965 percent .
On the front end , U.S. two-year yields were at 1.269 percent , up from Thursday 's 1.258 percent .
Next week , the Fed will hold a monetary policy meeting , with investors widely expecting the U.S. central bank to hold rates steady . Investors will instead focus on the post-meeting statement and its signals for subsequent meetings .
`` We believe the Committee 's goal will be to acknowledge the softer run of data while still keeping June on the table as a live meeting , '' said JP Morgan economist Michael Feroli in New York . ( Editing by Bernadette Baum and James Dalgleish )
Global Industrial Communication Market : Overview
The rapid developments in the field of science and technology are expected to aid the expansion of the global industrial communication market over the forecast period . Industrial communication systems allow us to integrate data networks that are highly futuristic .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/industrial-communication-market.html
The report includes key information about the major trends , restraints , growth drivers , and opportunities in the global industrial communication market . The market forecasts , supply and demand ratio , Porter 's five force analysis , value chain analysis , and key segments of the market are discussed in the report . The report also reveals the prominent recent developments in the competitive landscape , the market shares held by the major firms , and the business strategies adopted by them .
Global Industrial Communication Market : Trends and Opportunities
Increasing adoption of IoT , growing need for interconnectivity between various devices and sharing of data , necessity of increasing safety and productivity are some of the key growth drivers of the global industrial communication market . The increased adoption of the IoT is likely to make considerable changes in the way different products are manufactured , developed , transported , and distributed . Growing number of end-user industries such as aerospace , transportation and automotive , defense , paper , cement , electrical and electronics , energy and power , pharmaceutical , oil and gas , food and beverages , mining , glass , fabrication or engineering , water and wastewater , and chemicals and fertilizers will benefit the market for industrial communication .
The key communication protocols such as industrial Ethernet , wireless communication , and Fieldbus can be the major segments of the industrial communication market . Of these , the Fieldbus protocol appears to present significant prospects , owing to its widespread adoption in key process industries . Fieldbus has a strong hold particularly in the emerging economies such as India , Japan , and China . It is likely to present extensive opportunities as they are able to integrate with wireless devices , increasing the level of efficiency .
Besides Fieldbus , Ethernet is also expected to witness an upsurge in demand as it is steadily becoming popular due to its better performance outputs when compared to other systems . This can be attributed to the enhanced bandwidth capacity , increased network coverage , and increased transmission efficiency . The increasing deployment of this protocol in the industrial robot market is also responsible for the promised growth of this segment .
The wireless protocol segment might also undergo tremendous growth during the forecast period , displaying a favorable CAGR . Increased usage of standardized wireless technologies such as Bluetooth technology and wireless WLAN will contribute towards growth .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=19847
Global Industrial Communication Market : Regional Outlook
Based on geography , the global market for industrial communication can be segmented into Europe , Asia Pacific , North America , and the Rest of the World . The countries of Asia Pacific , being some of the major global producers of consumer electronics , are expected to drive the demand for industrial communication . Also , emerging economies such as India , China , and Japan have become hubs for large scale automotive production , boosting the growth further .
Companies Mentioned in the Report
The major companies operating in the global Emerson Electric Company , Texas Instruments Incorporated , General Electric , Schneider Electric SE , TE Connectivity Ltd , Infineon Technologies AG , Siemens AG , and Rockwell Automation , Inc. Several market players are concentrating their energies on product development through increased investments in research and development activities .
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market . It does so via in-depth qualitative insights , historical data , and verifiable projections about market size . The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions . By doing so , the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market , including but not limited to : Regional markets , technology , types , and applications .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
How to efficiently employ the literary their region for authoring a lucrative essay ?
What will be the literary traits on the essay ?
Essays ( inside the French essa – “ test , tryout supply , essay ” ) – a prose operate miniature smart quality and totally no cost solution , conveying person perceptions and matters on a certain circumstance or issue and certainly not claiming an exhaustive response to . This new , subjectively decorated notion about one particular factor that has philosophical , traditional-biographical , journalistic , literary-vital , popular controlled disciplines or fiction . Essays – an independent made up abstract-analytic run , lighting the present communicate of a particular challenge and also contains a result for the the query of brings and prospective procedures to settle it . Not enabling plagiarism ! ! ! The genre of one 's essay presumes comfort of inventive pondering . Almost all its attraction would be the fact that it may very well be prepared on any subject as well as in a different style , i.e . about one thing and anything , subsequent all essay – this can be your thinking of all the things you listened to , read , and noticed . In the foreground in the essay could be the author 's character , their suggestions , feelings , perspective when it comes to the earth . This really is the primary installment using to perform . But , we 'll must keep in mind that , in spite from the convenience creativeness , generating inside of the type with the essay is not in the slightest degree rapid , thinking of the truth that it really is necessary to locate the very 1st notion ( even on common content ) , an alternative appear at an issue . Picture , paradox , aphorism – they may be the principle specific traits inside the style from the essay . To communicate individual impact , perfecting the globe this author on the essay prefers analogies ; attracts on countless recommendations ; works parallels ; tends to make use of lots of various organizations . The essay is seen for a usage of numerous creative indicates expressiveness ( metaphors , allegorical and parable photographs , emblems , evaluations
Essays : the specificity with all the model of music and songs
Particulars with the style of one 's essay present these characteristics : 1 . The title on the essay is n't directly connected for any subject : excluding representation the content product in the carry out , they http : //www.ece.neu.edu/ is going to be the starting issue from the author 's reflections , express the connection of the element as well as the comprehensive . two . The certainly absolutely free plan from the essay is subordinated to its in reason , along with the common notion essays ought to be sought-after within the “ motley lace ” inside the author 's reflections . Within this event The impacted issue will possibly be analyzed from many elements . three . If in to execute on your literary concept a sensible concoction need to predominate analysis within the purpose of skill using their incredibly own thinking , then in the essay – detectable author 's pose . 4 . If in the traditional strategy particular person attributes of style are encouraged in addition to the language with the source around the essays , then within the essay a person author 's style is known to be a condition buy essays style .
A hard define for you of the essay The property inside the essay ( considering all the attributes and facts in the question ) , generally , will have to demand these particular semantic components ( that are not generally must be assigned as individual areas around the textual content ) :
THE Guidelines OF Creating THE ESSAY
What will be the literary characteristics in the essay ? Strategies on how you can successfully execute the literary their component for creating a effective essay ? Essays ( inside the French essa – “ test , demonstration , essay ” ) – a prose work smaller volume and totally free of charge you set up , conveying individual perception and things to think about on a certain situation or problem and doubtlessly not obtaining an exhaustive response to . This new , subjectively pigmented word about some issue which contains philosophical , common-biographical , journalistic , literary-crucial , preferred clinical self-control or reviews . Essays – an impartial composed abstract-plausible function , enlightening the existing voice of one 's specific difficulty knowning that contains a result with the the query of prospective buyers and conceivable approaches to fix it . Not enabling plagiarism ! ! ! The style of music from the essay presumes overall flexibility of creativeness . Most of its allure is the fact that it is generally composed on any topic along with any fashion , i.e . about anything and anything , suitable just after all essay – this can be your contemplating just what you read , study , and noticed . From the foreground from the essay is the author 's figure , their thought processes , sentiments , frame of thoughts towards the world . That is the main setup of one 's carry out . Alternatively , we will , must try to remember that , despite the liberty ingenuity , composing inside the kind inside the essay just is n't in anyways fuss-free , as a result of the reality it actually is necessary to obtain the primary believed ( even on classic information ) , an no-common look at an issue . Look , paradox , aphorism – they may be the key outstanding attributes with all the model within the essay . To express individual being familiar with , perfecting the globe the creator in the essay selections analogies ; draws on quite a few instances ; conducts parallels ; makes use of all types of companies . The essay is seen as an the use of quite a bit of inventive implies expressiveness ( metaphors , allegorical and parable photos , emblems , testimonials )
How can you wow a person … ? Try to remember the reader you may be planning to fuse is , devoid of possessing any doubt , an incredibly very busy participant of the committee who might have presently learned 20 does ahead of you , and also that it may be essential to research a various 50 forward of your finish off from the working operating evening . It could possibly be wrong sick and tired of this fatigued particular person , scattering to sublime concepts , not presenting anything at all of their own . It is actually necessary to pick a effectively typical topic to ensure that you will be in a position to create about them with desire and know-how . In the related time , it will have to be adequate is exceptional to inform apart you inside the bulk of other people today . Probably it 'll be the storyline of one 's starting complete , whenever you have been engaged in mountaineering . As well as perhaps – thoughts of the training sessions in the adventure around the balalaika . Or perhaps the night time focused in the shelter , and these a lot of folks , which you fulfilled there . What ever it was , the top things of one 's essay ought to be created in vibrant and actual language . The principle purpose from the essay is always to create an all-encompassing the concept of ? ? the distinctiveness of one 's personality . Issues inside the essay are presented to looking at it certainly was uncomplicated to evaluate the functions of your thinking about , innovative functionality , enthusiasm and prospective . The perfect approach to receive https : //essay-company.com which is to make straight and to become honest , other honest with himself . You will be generally not true , you may locate all probabilities , that your selected function may be considered to be unnatural and pretentious . Moreover , the essay ought to be applied within a attractive type , simple to examine as well as be pleasurable to seem at . Commence away with each other using the most significant – choose a subject , determine the favorite quantity and target of each and every section . Write downwards probably the most useful thought processes and kind a structure of your possible near future work . The following factor is often a illustrating . Generate an notion in a mere about each section , get started complicating The developing , applying subordinate and lengthened facts . Use “ strong ” verbs and remake the unaggressive tone within the lively . In the complete , verify the sentence system and syntax .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Tuesday , 24 April 2018
Irish Water is at the centre of fresh controversy today after signalling its intention to draw water from the Shannon and pump it to Dublin .
Robinson Residential are the featured design company for this year 's Idea Home this year at the Minneapolis Home and Garden Show .
Contact
Janet Robinson
* * * @ robinsonplans.com Janet Robinson
End
-- Robinson Residential Design will feature prominently at the 2017 Minneapolis Home and Garden Show , taking place at the Minneapolis Convention Center , Feb 24-26 and March 3-5.They are the designers behind this year 's Idea Home – an innovative and energy efficient home that is open for visitors during the entire show . Principal Designer , John Robinson states , `` It is a contemporary home built of SIPS ( Structural Insulated Panels ) which is an energy efficient alternative to traditional framing and eliminates the need for a vented attic . '' The innovative , contemporary design is further enhanced by the brightness of the home . `` The major living spaces focus on a wall of full length windows which bring light into the interior , '' adds Robinson.Robinson Residential will also be featured in the Tiny House Village at the Show . Known in the Tiny House community for their contemporary designs , fans and newcomers alike will have an opportunity to walk through a 28 ' Dragonfly , built and displayed by Utopian Villas out of Oak Creek , Wisconsin.Representatives from Robinson Residential will be near the entrance to the Idea Home and be available for questions or consultations for any new house plans or Tiny Home designs.Robinson Residential are excited to be able to contribute their design expertise to this year 's Home and Garden Show . Over the last 20 years , they have built a solid reputation for their innovative design of homes and cottages in all sizes and styles . Featured earlier this year on HGTV for their Tiny House Dragonfly design , they have become known across North America as a company who is passionate about design excellence . http : //robinsonplans.com/
In an endeavor to curb trio crimes and illegal proliferation of firearms , an intelligence driven operation led to arrest of four suspects on 11 August 2017 in Majakaneng village near Brits .
The suspects ' arrests came after intelligence was received that they were in possession of firearms . During an operation by cluster trio task team , three of the four suspects were arrested at various houses , Sgandaff Section , Majakaneng after being found illegally in possession of firearms and ammunition . The fourth suspect was arrested at Soshanguve Section for possession suspected stolen goods ; a laptop and printer .
The suspects , aged between 21 and 48 are expected to appear in the Brits Magistrates ' Court on 14 August 2017 , facing charges of illegal possession of firearms , illegal possession of ammunition and possession of suspected stolen goods .
The North West Provincial Commissioner , Lieutenant General Baile Motswenyane appreciated a job well done by all the members involved in the operation . They said further that the police will continue to work hard to reduce the levels of trio and other serious crimes .
South Africa Today – South Africa News
BRIEF-Gateway Lifestyle Group says FY17 underlying net profit guidance revised
* Sees FY17 ‍distributable earnings expected to be about $ 39 million for FY17 , down $ 4.2 million on prior guidance​
April 12 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
Headlines
* Royal Marines cut by 200 as armed forces face staffing crisis on.ft.com/2o4qgKl
* British Library plans a 500 million pound extension on.ft.com/2o41Tg8
* Australia defends BHP Billiton after investor call for shake-up on.ft.com/2o4dT12
Overview
* The Royal Marines will be cut by 200 . The 200 posts , including many specialist roles , will be transferred from the marines to the Royal Navy to stave off staffing gaps .
* The British Library is considering a 500 million pounds ( $ 624.35 million ) extension that will offer it 100,000 sq ft of extra space for education , exhibitions and research next to its headquarters at St Pancras in London .
* Australia defended BHP Billiton Ltd on Tuesday , saying that any major changes to the corporate structure of the country 's biggest company would need to be consistent with the `` national interest '' . The defence came after activist hedge fund Elliott Advisors called on Monday for the scrapping of BHP 's dual corporate structure involving Australian and British companies . ( $ 1 = 0.8008 pounds ) ( Compiled by Bhanu Pratap in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sandra Maler )
April 12 Lorne Park Capital Partners Inc :
* Lorne Park Capital Partners Inc. announces a private placement of $ 2,000,000 in non-convertible unsecured debentures
* Lorne Park Capital Partners -proceeds from offering will be used to fund corporation 's growth initiatives among the others
* Lorne Park Capital Partners Inc- debentures will bear an interest at a fixed rate of 8 pct per annum and will have a maturity date of five years Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
by
EXHIBITIONS
Exhibitions are generously supported by the Maryland State Arts Council , the Talbot County Arts Council and the Star-Democrat . Curator-Led Tours will be held on Tuesday , May , 2 , 2017 at 12 noon .
FABRICation
Through July 9 , 2017
The exhibition FABRICation is making its way around the country , coming to the Academy Art Museum by way of Art Museum of West Virginia University , Morgantown , WV . Co-curated by Reni Gower , professor in the Painting and Printmaking Department at Virginia Commonwealth University and Kristy Deetz , professor in the Art Discipline at the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay , FABRICation features seven artists ( Erin Castellan , Kristy Deetz , Virginia Derryberry , Reni Gower , Rachel Hayes , Susan Iverson and Natalie Smith ) who incorporate a textile sensibility in their artwork through elements of fabric and fabrication . Funding for FABRICation was made possible in part by Virginia Commonwealth University , VCUarts , and the Painting and Printmaking Department ( ESWA.org ) .
Parts and Labor : A Survey Exhibition of Print and Collage Works by Steven Ford
Through July 9 , 2017
Steven Ford layers colors via simply carved linocut blocks and collagraph plates . The linocut blocks are often re-inked and reprinted with the paper shifted to create layering and cross hatched patterns . The collagraph plates print “ real ” textures from items such as popsicle sticks and lathe from old plaster walls . Ford works quickly , rolling ink onto the blocks and cranking them through an etching press . At times the thin , strong Asian papers are folded like an accordion bellows and printed , then flattened and printed some more . Steven Ford is represented by Dolan/Maxwell Gallery , Philadelphia .
Luminous Forms : Marble and Bronze Sculpture by Shelley Robzen
Through July 16 , 2017
Shelley Robzen 's sculpture is amazing in its purity and its celebration of beauty and craftsmanship . Robzen has a sophisticated sense of form , volume and line . Them sculptures are sensual and sensitive . They are pared down to an essential simplicity . Them sculpture is included in private collections in the United States , Italy , France , England , Canada , Norway , Hong Kong , Israel and Japan . Robzen is represented by Carla Massoni Gallery . The Academy Art Museum is presenting their marble and bronze sculpture in their first solo museum exhibition in the U.S .
Todd Forsgren : Birdwatcher and Ecologist
Through May 30 , 2017
Todd R. Forsgren uses photography to examine themes of ecology , environmentalism , and perceptions of landscape while striving to strike a balance between art history and natural history . To do so , Forsgren uses a range of photographic approaches , from documentary strategies to experimental techniques . Their work has been shown at numerous venues and has been featured in National Geographic , Nature , and TIME 's Lightbox , to name a few .
SPECIAL EVENTS
Annual Spring Event – The Art of Color
May 6 , 2017
Guests will sip cocktails under the spring sky , while enjoying the smooth sounds of The Eric Byrd Trio . Dinner will be held at the Museum , where attendees will be surrounded by the vibrancy and boldness of the exhibitions on view , Steven Ford : Prints and FABRICation . This event celebrates the Museum 's mission to promote the knowledge , practice and appreciation of the arts and to enhance cultural life on the Eastern Shore . To purchase tickets , call the Museum at 410-822-2787 .
Art After Dark : Pottery Date Night
Friday , May 19 , 6–9 p.m .
$ 100/couple ( includes wine , beer and light snacks )
Need date night plans ? Ceramics instructor , Paul Aspell will walk you through how to center and shape your clay on the potter 's wheel . Students will select the glaze colors to finish their pieces . Dress in comfortable clothes . You may get a little dirty !
ARTFUL ADVENTURE TRIP
Maine
July 31-August 5 , 2017
The Museum will travel to Maine from and visit the state 's leading museums , including the Portland Museum of Art , the Farnsworth Museum of Art ( where former AAM Director Christopher Brownawell serves as Executive Director ) , the Colby College Museum of Art , the Bowdoin College Art Museum , and more . Led by Director Benjamin Simons and Senior Curator Anke van Wagenberg , participants will enjoy private visits to some of the leading private collections in the region , take in Winslow Homer 's studio at Prouts Neck , and explore the region 's other cultural offerings and fine dining . For further details , or if you are interested in participating , please contact Damika Baker , Director of Development , at dbaker @ academyartmuseum.org .
ADULT CLASSES
Classes :
Paint Along with Diane and Sheryl
Mentors : Diane DuBois Mullaly and Sheryl Southwick
3 days : May 30 , 31 , June 1 Tuesday–Thursday , 9 a.m.–1:30 p.m .
Cost : $ 95 Museum members , $ 114 non-members
Diane and Sheryl invite all their students and friends to paint along ( in any medium ) with them during this unique mentored outdoor painting experience . Each day the group meets at a different fabulous private property , where everyone picks a spot and starts painting . Diane and Sheryl will make rounds to each painter 's easel throughout the morning to make suggestions and give advice . www.dianeduboismullaly.com and sherylsouthwick.com
From Viewer to Doer
Monday , May 15 , 6–8 p.m. or Thursday , May 18 , 2–4 p.m. ( Choose one )
Cost : $ 10
Transform yourself from “ viewer ” to “ doer ” by taking part in a special spring workshop . The “ From Viewer to Doer ” approach consists of an informal tour/chat about the exhibition ( s ) on view and the opportunity to work on a related art project . No art experience or “ talent ” necessary ! Workshops to complement the Museum 's spring exhibitions , FABRICation : Fiber Art and Parts and Labor : A Survey Exhibition of Print and Collage Works by Steven Ford . Contact Constance Del Nero at cdelnero @ academyartmuseum.org for additional information or sign up online .
CHILDREN 'S CLASSES/PROGRAMMING
FAMILY ART DAYS
Travel the World at the Academy Art Museum
Saturday , May 13 , 2017 , 10 a.m.– 1 p.m .
Cost : FREE !
Children 6+ and their parents work together on an art project and enjoy tasty snacks typical of that country . Our next stop will be Ghana . We will be inspired by the work of El Anatsui , who works with recycled materials to create stunning wall-hangings .
PIANO & GUITAR LESSONS
Piano & Guitar Lessons
Instructor : Raymond Remesh ( 410 ) 829-0335
Whether your goal is to audition for a conservatory , lead your family in song during holidays or learn to play the music you love , a personalized music education is one of the most rewarding and enduring investments a person can make for themselves or their child . Contact the instructor directly for lesson schedule and cost .
VOICE LESSONS
Voice Lessons
Instructor : Erika Knepp ( 443 ) 254-0157
Exploring techniques , performance skills , and even stress therapy can be a part of each individualized program . Contact the instructor directly for lesson schedule and cost .
DANCE
Adult Ballroom & Latin Dance
Amanda Showell ( 302 ) -377-3088. www.dancingontheshore.com .
For additional information , visit academyartmuseum.org or call the Museum at 410-822-2787 .
WINTHROP — Memories wither away like a flower 's wizened petals , as Twisp resident Angie Ochoa , 44 , describes dementia .
In their seven years as a caretaker – now manager – of Jamie 's Place adult family homes in Winthrop , Ochoa has seen , time and time again , the power of music at play in residents ' lives , they said .
At the sound of a familiar ballad , memories unfurl shuttered petals .
“ It 's the most beautiful thing , ” Ochoa said . “ It wakes something up inside of them . ”
For their senior project , Liberty Bell High School senior Cristina Dominguez , 18 , decided to raise money to purchase six sets of over-the-ear headphones and CD players for the residents of Jamie 's Place .
Dominquez , an aspiring social worker herself , borrowed the idea from their health and family life teacher Rebecca Thomson .
They surpassed their goal of raising $ 400 through the fundraising platform GoFundMe two weeks ago and expects to order and deliver the music devices by the end of May . Each CD player will come with a personalized playlist , many including songs from the residents ' youth .
Ochoa said some playlists include songs by Conway Twitty , Hank Williams and classical composers , among others . Dominquez visited the homes to discover the residents ' musical interests .
If one could not communicate a particular song , Dominquez calculated their teenage years and selected about 30 songs from that era to be featured on the playlist .
There 's something special about listening to music through headphones , Ochoa said . It 's not playing from a smart phone for a roomful of people ; it 's their own soundtrack , they said .
“ When the headphones go on , they go into a place where they open up . They can see , and it brings up memories , ” Ochoa said . “ It 's unbelievable . It 's very touching . ”
Ochoa recalled a Jamie 's Place resident with Lewy body dementia , a progressive dementia that leads to problems in thinking , movement , behavior and mood . Some of its symptoms include confusion , changes in reasoning , visual hallucinations , trouble interpreting visual information and memory loss .
Because of the disease , the man had “ pretty intense ” aggression , Ochoa said .
But when they listened to old Western music , they began to soften and cry .
“ It made them feel love and want to talk about why they are the way they are , ” they recalled . “ It 's amazing . It relaxes them and calms them down . ”
Two weeks ago , a similar situation occurred . A man with Alzheimer 's sat at a piano bench and began to play a song from World War I . They did n't know why , but a woman listening nearby – who also lives with Alzheimer 's – began weeping at the sound .
And several years ago , a 99-year-old woman with Alzheimer 's surprised their caregivers at Jamie 's Place after listening to familiar nursery rhymes and church songs .
The woman never spoke and seldom stayed awake for long , Ochoa said . So , Ochoa tried singing nursery rhymes , such as “ Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star ” and “ Hush Little Baby , ” and the Christian hymn “ Jesus Loves Me . ”
In return , the woman sang each word by memory , Ochoa said .
A 2017 study from the American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry found personalized music and memory therapy helped decrease antipsychotic and anti-anxiety medication use and improved dementia symptoms .
As part of their senior project , Dominguez researched “ Alive Inside : A Story of Music and Memory , ” a documentary that advocates the use of music therapy for dementia patients , they said .
The film follows Dan Cohen , director of the nonprofit Music & Memory , as they show a “ broken ” healthcare system and the impact of music on restoring memory and a sense of self .
After the documentary released , Music & Memory increased its reach of iPod donations from 56 nursing homes to more than 4,000 .
Dominguez 's GoFundMe page “ Music for Jamie 's Place Residents ” was shared 90 times on Facebook and reached the $ 400 fundraising goal in one month .
Set to graduate June 8 , the high school senior will be headed to Shoreline Community College in the fall with hopes of studying social work at the University of Washington after obtaining an associate 's degree .
Dominguez said they took on the project because helping people gives them the greatest reward .
“ So many people through the course of this project have told me they appreciate what I 'm doing because they have senior citizens , loved ones , in their lives that have been impacted by music , ” they said .
The Team Purpose map ( source : Ben Crothers )
This is an excerpt from `` Presto Sketching , '' by Ben Crothers . Read the full book on Safari .
This chapter is about using Presto Sketching techniques to envision the future state . What will change about you and the people for whom you 're designing ? What solution are you going to create , and how will it change that present state ? This area is a mix of conceptual and literal representation , with a bit of visual metaphor thrown in . Let 's see how it applies to :
Helping your team rally around a common future with the Team Purpose map
Envisioning the future state of your customers with the Superhero Booth sketch
Exploring goals with the Build a Bridge sketch
Knocking down the barriers with the Goal Barriers sketch
Envision a future product with the experience canvas
Bringing future experiences to life with storyboarding
Rally around a common future with the Team Purpose map
Setting out to create a new product or service is one of the most exciting things you can ever do . But sometimes it 's worth parking that for a spell , and checking how you as a team are functioning first .
If you 're part of a startup business , it 's common to think of your business and your product as one and the same thing , having one and the same purpose . If you 're part of a larger business with one or more products or services , your team purpose might need to be expressed in a different way ( e.g . a product support team 's purpose is different to the development team 's purpose ) .
Or maybe you have had some staff changes in the team , and it 's been a while since the team 's purpose was really said out loud .
Figure 2 . The Team Purpose map : This is a fun visual activity to do with your team , especially if it 's a new team and you need to form a shared understanding together of who you are , your purpose , and your destination .
In any case , the Team Purpose map is a large-format template you can use to visually guide and capture a team 's discussions about their identity , purpose and direction .
There are loads of different kinds of these large-format graphic facilitation templates for capturing strategic outputs of large group discussions.49 The version you see above is my version , based on refining a template through lots of different strategic sessions . As with all of these visual patterns , do feel free to adapt it to your team 's needs .
Use this pattern when you want to :
Set ( or reset ) a team 's identity , purpose and direction , and get a shared understanding and sense of ownership
Expose any hidden assumptions or anxieties in a new team , or a new project
Align several stakeholders , teams or organisations around a common purpose and direction
How to do it
Depending on your confidence in facilitating a discussion , you can either guide the discussion yourself , or give that duty to someone else while you capture what people are talking about on the wall or whiteboard .
Preparation is crucial for this sort of activity . Make sure that everyone knows ahead of time what will be covered . If necessary , give them ‘ homework ' to do , to help them prepare for various sections of this activity . You might want to ask everyone to list what their own hopes and fears are for the new team , or what particular skills and assets they want to bring to the team .
Gather your group and draw the team purpose map on the biggest whiteboard or wall you can find . It 's a good idea to have the boss or a senior stakeholder establish the intent of the strategic discussion , and give some background that would be helpful for everyone . Start everyone off with something fun : get them to draw themselves in the space where you see ‘ TEAM ' displayed . This definitely shows everyone that this is n't your regular sort of meeting , plus it gets them used to using their hands , and not just their mouths . Ask everyone to take a sticky note and write what they think is the purpose of the team ( or product , or whatever you are focused on ) , and stick it in the ‘ PURPOSE ' area . As a group , reflect on any differences that have been posted up . The aim here is to get a shared understanding . Next , ask everyone to write what they think are the team 's goals , and stick them in the ‘ GOALS ' area . This is what the team is going to do . This is a good time to ask your group what they think the ‘ SUCCESS FACTORS ' will be for achieving those goals . Depending on your context , this could be anything from ‘ can-do attitude ' to ‘ special sales campaigns ' . As a facilitator , it 's worth pausing and reflecting on the story unfolding on the Team Purpose map so far . You have a team with a specific purpose , and to achieve that purpose , there are several goals . There are also several things that have to happen for this to be a success . But now , you have to equip yourselves for what lies ahead by calling out the ‘ CHALLENGES ' . Go ahead and get the group to write those up on the Team Purpose map too . Now that your group knows what they have to do , they should now fill the ‘ ACTIONS ' area with notes about how they 're going to do it . This might take some rearranging , but see if you can map it in a sequence of some sort . The last part is to check if your group has the right ‘ SKILLS ' to be able to achieve all those actions . Get your group to write and stick up what skills are necessary , and then reflect on that set , to see if your group does indeed have those skills . If ever there was a time to call out any skills-gaps to achieve those goals , now is that time ! It 's a nice idea to end your strategic discussion session by getting everyone to reflect on the overall story that the Team Purpose map is telling , and ask them to summarise it in their own words . This helps people to really internalise that story , rather than staying mentally ‘ at arms length ' from it .
A 60-year-old would-be paedophile has been jailed after being tricked into meeting a non-existent schoolgirl for sex in a car park .
Douglas Thorpe , of St John 's Bank in South Chailey , in Lewes near Brighton , was sentenced to three years and four months in prison at a hearing yesterday at Bolton Crown Court .
The court heard how Thorpe drove 250 miles to meet Kim , a “ 14-year-old girl ” at Tesco in Hindley , before being apprehended by a man called Darren Minto who runs a paedophile hunting site called “ creep catchers. ” Judge Timothy Stead heard how Thorpe had sent explicit messages , including a picture of their penis , to Kim before grooming “ her ” and meeting up for sex .
Once they had been caught , police searched the would-be paedophile , finding condoms and lubricant in their pockets . Thorpe initially denied the charges but later admitted their intentions . Prosecution barrister , Justin Hayhoe , told Judge Stead how the two had begun talking on a social media site called “ Scout ” .
“ During that time it was established how old they are , ” they said . “ The girl ( Minto ) confirmed they were a girl aged 14 from Wigan . Their response to that was “ I could get into trouble for chatting to you lol , I 'm older than you . ”
“ He then continued to start about grooming what they believed to be a 14-year-old girl . They told them they loved her . ”
Mr Hayhoe read out messages from Thorpe calling their potential victim a “ sexy girl ” and saying it was a “ pity ” they could n't see them in school uniform .
The messages became more explicit over a series of weeks .
The pair arranged to meet up , Thorpe also told “ Kim ” that they had bought them an iPhone 5 for their 14th birthday , which was later found in their car following their arrest . Defending Thorpe , Ms Janet Ironfield said : “ I hope i do n't speculate , at the time of their offending they were approaching a crisis in their personal life or mental health . They recognise a need for professional help of varying kinds . ”
( Changes number for UK workforce in third paragraph of APRIL 27 story after clarification from company )
* 65 pct of UK staff are from other EU countries
* Firm `` reaching out '' to sources of British labour
* 2016 core earnings up 11 pct
* Targets 500 stores by end of 2017
By James Davey
LONDON , April 28 Coffee and sandwich chain Pret A Manger wants to increase the number of Britons working in its UK shops to cushion it from potential damage if European Union workers stay away after Brexit , its boss said on Thursday .
The status of citizens from other EU countries living in Britain has been clouded by last June 's Brexit vote with the UK government yet to guarantee their rights , saying it first needs a reciprocal deal with the EU .
Of Pret 's over 8,000 UK workforce , some 65 percent come from EU countries other than Britain .
`` We 've been reaching out to British labour pools in a way that we never had to before , '' Pret Chief Executive Clive Schlee told Reuters .
They said Pret , majority owned by private equity firm Bridgepoint , was increasing its use of social media and links with UK job centres in its recruitment strategy .
This summer the firm will launch its `` Big Experience Week '' offering 500 week-long paid work experience placements to British school students .
`` We 're very encouraged by the response ... So we feel that we will be able to maintain our diverse , our tolerant and our very competitive culture , but with a higher British percentage over time , said Schlee .
The chief executive also welcomed industry debate on the idea of `` barista visas '' for EU nationals after Brexit - allowing them to work in Britain but not be eligible for benefits .
Schlee was speaking after Pret , which is believed to be looking at a stock market listing , reported an 11 percent rise in 2016 core earnings .
Pret made core earnings of 93.2 million pounds ( $ 120.2 million ) as total sales rose 15 percent to 776.2 million pounds . Sales at outlets open over a year increased 4.8 percent .
The outcome was a twelfth straight year of revenue and core earnings growth . In the United States sales exceeded $ 200 million for the first time .
`` So far 2017 has followed a very similar pattern to 2016 , so we have n't seen a slowdown yet , '' said Schlee .
On Tuesday Whitbread said underlying sales at its Costa Coffee chain fell in its fourth quarter . The group also said it was cautious about the 2017-18 financial year , saying it expected a tougher consumer environment .
Reuters reported last month that Pret 's private equity owners had chosen Solebury Capital to advise on a planned New York stock market listing ..
Pret opened 50 new shops in 2016 , taking the total to 444 , including 329 in the UK and it now also trades from France , Hong Kong , China and Dubai . It expects to have 500 shops by the end of 2017 , including its first in Singapore . ( $ 1 = 0.7754 pounds ) ( Editing by Kate Holton/Keith Weir )
Terrorist and Disruptive Activities ( Prevention ) Act ( TADA ) court extended the CBI custody of fugitive underworld don Dawood Ibrahim 's aide Yasin Mansoor Mohamed Farooq alias Farooq Takla till March 28 .
Takla , an accused in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case , had earlier been remanded to the Central Bureau of Investigations ( CBI ) custody till Monday .
During hearing , the CBI prayed for Takla 's custody to be extended , saying it needed time to verify the statements they made during the interrogation .
The agency also claimed that Takla was not cooperating in the probe .
Takla was arrested at an immigration counter of New Delhi 's Indira Gandhi International Airport earlier this month .
The charges against them include criminal conspiracy , murder , attempt to murder and voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means .
Takla had fled the country after the 1993 Mumbai blasts , in which 257 people were killed .
WARSAW , Poland ( AP ) — Poland 's media regulator has imposed a fine of nearly 1.5 million zlotys ( $ 420,000 ) on a private news channel for what it alleges was unfair reporting during a political crisis last year .
The broadcaster , TVN24 , said it will appeal what it called an `` unfounded '' penalty .
The move comes amid reports that Poland 's ruling Law and Justice party is seeking a state takeover of TVN24 , which is owned by an American company , Scripps Networks Interactive , and whose reporting is sometimes critical of the government .
The National Broadcasting Council said in a statement Monday that TVN24 coverage of street protests in December 2016 violated the law by `` propagating illegal activities and promoting behavior that threatens security . ''
Advertisement
Scripps Networks Interactive , based in Knoxville , Tennessee , is being bought out by Discovery Communications .
The circumstances in which a teenage boy raped and sexually assaulted three young girls , in the foster care of their parents , for over seven years must be fully investigated , according to the solicitor acting for one of the girls .
Ronan Hynes was speaking in advance of the broadcast on Tuesday of an RTÉ Investigates programme on the case .
Keith Burke ( 29 ) of Addergoolemore , Dunmore , Co Galway was jailed for seven and a half years earlier this month for the rape of the three girls between 2003 and 2007 . They were between 14 and 18 at the time , while the girls were all under ten .
During the case the Central Criminal Court heard they had raped two of the girls in a hut by the family home .
The first , who had been fostered by the family from six months old , told the court Burke would ask them to “ do that thing for me ” before they raped them They outlined instances of rape in a field and on a tractor but mostly in a hut by the house .
A second girl , Rachel Barry , has waived their anonymity and is interviewed in the programme . They were placed in the Burke family home for weekly respite care in 2005 , from eight years of age . In the programme the first girl is referred to as “ Amy ” .
Ms Barry told RTÉ : “ Myself and ‘ Amy ' in turns had to strip down with nothing only our socks on and while they had obviously done it to ‘ Amy ' before , they called them over and I had to watch what was happening to her . ”
The court heard they had told their biological mother and gardaí in 2007 about the abuse and that “ Amy ” was being abused , but because “ Amy ” denied the abuse no prosecution was taken .
In 2011 , “ Amy ” told a teacher about the abuse they were suffering and when a third foster daughter , “ Sarah ” , was interviewed by gardaí it emerged they too had been raped by Burke .
They told gardaí they had been eight years old and being minded by Burke when they raped them in their parents ' bedroom , having told them to put on their mother 's underwear .
Burke pleaded not guilty to the crimes , meaning the three young women had to give evidence in court . They accepted their guilt before sentencing .
Mr Hynes - solicitor for “ Sarah ” - called for the case to be fully investigated . “ My client and their family feel incredibly let down by a system which really was designed to protect them and serious questions need to be answered regarding both the placement and safeguarding of ‘ Sarah ' while they were in care . ”
The Irish Society for the Protection of Children ( ISPCC ) commended the young women for coming forward , disclosing the abuse and seeing the case through .
“ Foster care is the backbone of the care system in Ireland . Foster families play a hugely important role in supporting vulnerable children . It is essential that children in foster care and their families , as well as the public , can be assured that they can trust the system . It is also essential that foster families and those considering becoming foster carers can have confidence in the system , its supports and its protections for those in care and for foster carers . ”
A spokesperson for Tusla said the agency may issue a statement after the programme is broadcast .
An electric vehicle is referred as an electric drive vehicle , which is utilized as a part of at least one electric engines . Electric vehicle ( EV ) , moreover called battery electric vehicle ( BEV ) , is affected by electric engines energized by rechargeable battery packs . In electric vehicle , no fuel is used and there is no internal combustion engine . Electric vehicle is a transport which is self-driving for travelers , and utilizes the power already stored in the electric motor batteries , which work with the help of internal engine installed in electric motors . Electric vehicle is the vehicle without bounds and is exceedingly liable to make customary vehicles obsolete .
Market Overview
Electric vehicle utilizes at least one electric engines or footing engines for propulsion . It can be controlled through an authority framework by power from off-vehicle sources , or might act naturally contained with a battery , sun oriented boards or a generator to change over fuel to electricity . Electric vehicle incorporate street and rail vehicles , surface and submerged vessels , electric air ship and electric rocket .
Read Comprehensive Overview of Report https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/electric-vehicle-component-infrastructure-market.html
Based on component the market can be segmented into Battery Cells and Pack , On-Board Charger , Infotainment System and Instrument Cluster .
Market Dynamics :
Electric vehicle Market is anticipated to witness constant growth over the forecast period . As the government is introducing numerous favorable policies and providing existing subsidies . Increasing vehicle portfolio and range , and low charging time are the major factors which isdriving the global electric vehicle market .
Environmental effect of the oil based transport infrastructure , alongside the fear of peak oil , has prompted re-established enthusiasm for an electric transportation infrastructure , which will boost the market for electric vehicles.High research & development costs that are related to the production & development , lack of charging infrastructure , and short lifespan of batteries are some major restraints of the electric vehicle market .
Download PDF Brochure For Future Advancements https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=32627
Market Segment
Electric vehicle market is segmented on the basis of propulsion technology into , battery electric vehicle , plug-in hybrid electric vehicle , hybrid electric vehicle , and fuel cell vehicle . The plug-in hybrid electric vehicles segment is anticipated to grow among this segment at a rapid pace in the forecast period as there is the higher flexibility of usage in the forthcoming years in market .
On the basis of vehicle type electric vehicle market is segmented into an electric passenger car , commercial vehicle , and two wheelers . Electric passenger cars are the fastest growing segment in the vehicle type segment . Availability of a broad range of electric passenger car with upgraded technology and rising consumer awareness is the major factor which is driving electric passenger cars segment .
Based on the propulsion technology , electric vehicle market can be segmented into BEV ( Battery Electric Vehicle ) , PHEV ( Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle ) , HEV ( Hybrid Electric Vehicle ) , and FCEV ( Fuel Cell Vehicle ) .
On the basis of regulations , the market can be segmented into battery treatment regulations , safety regulations and subsidies , and taxes based .
Based on charging , electric vehicle can be segmented into normal charging and supercharging .
On the basis of geographical regions the market is segmented into seven different regions : North America , Latin America , Eastern Europe , Western Europe , Asia-Pacific region , Japan , and Middle East and Africa .
For Detail Analysis Get Table Of Content https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=T & rep_id=32627
Electric Vehicle Market : Key Market Players
Some of the key players in the Electric Vehicle Market are BMW , Automotive Energy Supply Corporation , BYD Company Ltd. , Car Charging Group , Charge Point , Inc. , Delphi Automotive , LG Chem , Nissan Motor Corporation , Panasonic Corporation , Samsung SDI , Tesla Motors Inc. , Volkswagen AG , Lucid Motors , Faraday Future , NextEV , Karma Automotive , Next Future Transportation , Inc. , and few other regional players .
In 2015 , Tesla launched world first electric SUV . A seven-seater 4×4 with hybrid styling and hip gullwing type rear doors , the Model X is additionally outstanding for its guaranteed 257-mile range and quickening to 60mph in as little as 3.2 seconds . Manufacturers of electric vehicle are investing into launching upgraded vehicle and focusing on different approaches to keep up their business in the global electric vehicle market .
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed 's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : http : //tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Recasts throughout after Fed statement , updates prices ; adds comment , second byline , NEW YORK dateline ) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON , June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting , and
MEDIA RELEASE
There will be a temporary one-way traffic pattern along a portion of Kapiʻolani Street on Saturday , ( October 7 ) .
Between the hours of 7:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. , traffic will be allowed to flow in the Puna or southerly direction on Kapiʻolani Street between Hualālai Street to Wailoa Street .
The temporary one-way traffic pattern allowed under Hawaiʻi County Code , Section 24-10 , will be in effect to accommodate the annual St. Joseph School Country Fair .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Susan Moore , who co-founded Hunts Community Cancer Network ( HCCN ) Charity as a cancer patient in Huntingdon was acknowledged for their role in `` Making a Difference '' to the people of Huntingdon who are living with and beyond cancer .
Dame Esther Rantzen awarding Susan Moore , HCCN , 3rd Sector Care Awards
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag :
• EstherRantzen Industry :
• Health Location :
• Huntingdon - Cambridgeshire - England Subject :
• Awards
Contact
Jessica Auton
* * * @ aseptika.com Jessica Auton
End
-- Susan Moore , who co-founded Hunts Community Cancer Network ( HCCN ) Charity as a cancer patient in Huntingdon , along with the then lead nurse Gini Melesi , was acknowledged for their role in `` Making a Difference '' to the people of Huntingdon who are living with and beyond cancer . The Charity empowers people to play an active role in managing their health during treatment and after , when recovering from or living with cancer.The 3rd Sector Care Awards 2017 , hosted by Dame Esther Rantzen , showcased the innovation and care excellence of the not-for-profit care and support sector.The 3Sector Care Award judges commented : '' Susan Moore , the winner of this category fits the criteria for the Making a Difference Award perfectly . HCCN was developed from nothing , with no funding for the people it supports , and this individual has been key to its growth and development . The judges commented that they found Susan Moore , Trustee of HCCN , to be humble and matter of fact during their interview with her , and that Susan did not always get to see the impact that HCCN has had on the development of the organisation and the lives of the people it supports . It was this combination of humility and determination that 's enabled the charity to fill a gap where nothing existed before.Susan 's drive to help others is a model for the future support in the Community for those with Long-Term Conditions . They are instrumental in the development , efforts to grow and consolidate the Educational Conference , Get Active programme and fundraising for the Charity.Gini Melesi , co-founder of HCCN and now Macmillan Quality Improvement Lead , NHS East of England Cancer Clinical Network commented : `` Without the Charity – particularly Susan - we would not be able to provide the extra nurse training , innovative equipment and technology or provide patients with evidenced-based supportive activities such as the Level 3-type rehabilitation classes that the HCCN Charity fund for the NHS ' Patients . `` Activ8rlives would like to congratulate Susan Moore and HCCN for the pioneering work supporting the people of Huntingdonshire in their journey through and beyond their treatment . Susan is inspirational in their leadership role and we are very pleased that this work has been recognised through this prestigious award , especially given the very highest calibre of finalists that were short listed by the Judges.For further details , please contact Jessica Auton on 01480 352821 or email jessica.auton @ aseptika.com Aseptika Ltd began developing Activ8rlives in 2010 and is currently developing its third generation of integrated systems , which can be used by consumers and their healthcare service providers using a wide range of platforms or devices to better enable effective and easy self-monitoring . Incorporating sensors and monitors ranging from consumer accessories todiagnostics ( IVDs ) , the systems currently focus on respiratory and cardiovascular disease , cancer , promoting physical activity , and weight management.rehabilitation classes wcj integrating Activ8rlives self-monitoring technology began with cardiac rehabilitation classes . These classes have now been extended to include people with cancer in partnership with a local cancer charity HCCN who has pioneered a new exercise programme for patients before during and immediately after their treatment.is the result of a collaboration between Huntingdonshire District Council ( HDC ) Active Lifestyles , Huntingdonshire Community Cancer Network ( HCCN ) and enabled with Aseptika 's innovative Activ8rlives health platform and supported by Eastern Academic Health Science Network ( Eastern AHSN ) . This cross-organisational collaboration has been key to its success and deployment – a model Eastern AHSN is hoping to replicate across the Eastern region to reduce the workload of over-stretched NHS Hospitals.www.hccn.org.ukHunts Community Cancer Network ( HCCN ) comprised of the Hunts Community Cancer nursing team , the HCCN Charity and volunteers.Working together and delivering a home-based nursing service , our aim is to help people who are recovering from or living with cancer in the Hunts area to take back their lives and to play an active part in managing their health . The team is based at the Woodlands Cancer Unit at Hinchingbrooke Hospital.The 'Get Active ' scheme and BuddyBand2 's are rolling out across the Huntingdonshire area and will need continued funds from fundraising activities to ensure the charity can support everyone who wants access to it . Support can be given through the Just Giving page at : https : //www.justgiving.com/hccn .
To the casual outsider Gemma Heaton appeared to have everything . A beautiful home , a loving husband , two gorgeous children and a great career .
But beneath the smile they put on for others lay a woman who was plagued with anxiety .
After almost losing their lives during childbirth and supporting their mother through cancer , Mrs Heaton , 34 , a make-up artist , suffered from panic attacks , sleepless nights and a pounding heartbeat .
But their life changed around when they began keeping a private `` gratitude '' diary – and stumbled on a way they believe can help everyone to `` reset '' their lives and increase their happiness levels , reports Daily Mail .
Advertisement
Mrs Heaton who lives with their property developer husband , Adam , 33 , children Summer , nine , and Ari , six , in Wigan , says : `` Writing a personal diary seems to have gone out of fashion . These days we are more likely to write a public blog on Facebook .
`` But I believe the key to happiness is writing down what makes you happy and what you have to be grateful for . It can be as simple as appreciating you had a lovely breakfast or that your children gave you a sleepy hug in the morning .
`` Too many of us allow daily worries and bad things that happen to overwhelm us . We are our own biggest critics . But when we constantly put ourselves down saying we 're fat , ugly , I ca n't do that , good things do n't happen to me , we are actually attracting those things to ourselves .
`` Gratitude journaling daily is one of the most powerful practices you can do to really change the way you think about life . You can even be grateful for the things that you have n't yet received safe in the knowledge that one day they will come . ''
Gemma Heaton with their husband . Photo / Facebook
Mrs Heaton 's own spiral into a `` dark place '' began at the birth of their son .
They say : `` Because at 9Ib 14oz Ari was a big baby , I had a C-section . But on the operating table I haemorrhaged and had a heart attack . Fortunately Ari and I both pulled through . Yet even when I physically recovered , I struggled to feel truly happy . My mum , now thankfully fine , got breast cancer . Then I used to read the news and feel consumed with worry about finances and the world in general .
`` I was lost . Rather than enjoy life , I was plagued with anxiety and felt like everything was crumbling around me . My heart would pound out of my chest . My palms sweaty , I suffered with panic attacks . I was snappy and I did n't sleep . All the time I masked it with a smile telling the world I was OK . But I was n't really living . I was just existing , trying to keep my head above water , all the time feeling like I was drowning . ''
Mrs Heaton did n't want to take anti depressants or see a therapist . So they tried self-help books . They say : `` These helped to a degree - because I learned that focusing on what was happy with their life , rather than the negatives , would help . ''
But it was n't until they decided to keep a diary to analyse why they were so unhappy that they managed to pull themselves out of the dark hole they were in . `` I needed to actively do something to change my life . ''
The mother-of-two discovered journaling after keeping a diary to analyse why they were unhappy . Photo / Instagram
They have now devised their own book . Called Reset The Happiness Project , it explains how anyone can reset their minds to step off the roundabout of life and find happiness .
They say : `` My reset diary has different sections . At the start I kept a picture to reinforce your reason for striving in your life . Self-affirmations are important . Telling yourself you are strong , you are a loving person doing your best , and you are beautiful – liking yourself for who you are – is important .
`` Then going back to basics our grandparents realised were important – 'counting your blessings ' - and actually writing them down privately because this is a diary for you only and not a blog for others to read .
`` You should talk about your dreams and aspirations . It can help to write down step by step how you will achieve them , to formulate a plan . Many successful people do n't take no for an answer – they believe in themselves and attract success .
`` Self-development and identifying happiness triggers are also very important . Identifying what makes you happy – such as favourite books , exercise and even reminding yourself to smile more often because smiling triggers a part of the brain which can actually make you feel happier . ''
They add : `` At first I found keeping a diary strange but I continued jotting throughout the day and Adam , who quickly saw a change in me , was supportive . Incredibly within a few weeks my mood lifted .
`` Many people suffering from mental health issues end up on medication or are on waiting lists to see therapists . Often they expect someone else can sort their issues for them . However , writing a diary encourages people to understand the answer to many of their problems lies within themselves and it gives them the power to change . ''
WHY KEEPING A DIARY IS GOOD FOR YOUR MENTAL HEALTH - AND COULD EVEN BOOST YOUR IQ
Many therapists claim keeping an old fashioned diary where you write down your feelings in a book trumps using a computer because it feels `` more real '' . Photo / Getty
A growing body of research suggests we could all benefit from keeping a journal or dairy . Studies show that writing about your day brings clarity to your thoughts and can help you solve problems more easily .
It is believing writing down our feelings can reduce stress as people become more aware of their mental and emotional state and how to control it . As journaling is an outlet for processing emotions and increases self-awareness , it might also increase your empathy with others and therefore your emotional intelligence .
Researchers at the University of Arizona found keeping a diary after a divorce helped people to move on with their lives . Additionally it helped their physical health too as it resulted in a lower heart-rate .
Indeed when psychologists at the University of California in Los Angeles conducted brain scans on volunteers , they showed putting feelings down on paper reduces activity in a part of the brain called the amygdala , which is responsible for controlling the intensity of our emotions .
Dr James Pennebaker , a professor at the Univesity of Texas at Austin , has written several research papers and books on the ways writing can help heal and improve ones mental and physical health . The author of Opening up by Writing it down , says as well as lowering depression and anxiety keeping a diary can strengthen immune cells such as T-lymphocytes .
Research by the University of Lancaster suggests keeping a journal of our experiences can reinforce your memories of them and can even be helpful to keep your brain sharp as you get older . Some research notes people in their 70s and 80s who keep diaries retain higher cognitive recall .
Interestingly many therapists claim keeping an old fashioned diary where you write down your feelings in a book trumps using a computer because it feels 'more real . '
Meanwhile a report by the University of Victoria found journaling is an exploration of language and is likely to increase your vocabulary and therefore has a `` positive correlation with intelligence . ''
HOW CAN YOU RESET YOUR HAPPINESS LEVEL ?
They have now devised their own book , 'Reset The Happiness Project ' . Photo / Facebook
Mother-of-two Gemma Heaton , 34 , is founder of Reset The Happiness Project , which explains how anyone can reset their minds to step off the roundabout of life and find happiness . Here , Gemma shares their top tips for resetting your happiness level ...
1 .
Keep photos in your diary of those people who are close to you . They are your why . Even remembering a close relative who has passed away can strengthen your why and enable you to take comfort in the positives your relationship with them still brings to your life .
2 . Write down positive affirmations about yourself . For example if you offer friends and family a good cuppa and a chat , write it down .
3 . Hone ambition by creating a vision board . Place photos of your dreams – a home , car , holiday - on your board . Set yourself a goal . From that goal formulate a plan of steps in your diary to reach it . Never restrict yourself by thinking a dream is out of reach or good things only happen to others . Simply writing aspirations down will ensure you have a constant reminder of what you are striving for . Interestingly , many feel-good films begin with a dream , an aspiration or ambition – and follow how the main character achieves their or them desire .
4 . Calmly take the time to write down worries . Read them back to yourself . Sometimes this exercise alone is enough to make you realise a worry is not as big as you think it is .
5 . Otherwise , dig deep and find positives from the worries and write them down . It might seem impossible but if you look hard enough , there are positives to even the most painful situations in our lives .
6 . Read books . Too many of us eschew a good old-fashioned book these days for TV or social media but you can learn so much from the way in which others – such as authors – view the world . Books can also inspire you to rethink how you deal with your own life situations .
7 . Plan a weekly schedule to give more time for you . Write it down . Include time for exercise , meditation and seeing friends .
8 . Treat your diary as a best friend , a tool to support yourself through whatever ups and downs life throws at you – to remind you of the good in your life , resetting your happiness levels . A good example of this was Anne Frank , a Jewish girl who lived in hiding from the Nazis in Amsterdam in the Netherlands . They called their diary Kitty and wrote about many of the positives their life in it as if they were writing to a friend
COMMENT :
If you want to radically improve your sales and profits in any business , then you will need to change what you are currently doing and try something new or different .
As Tony Robbins said so well `` If you change nothing , nothing changes '' .
One strategy that you might like to use is 'pull and stay ' marketing rather than 'push and pray marketing ' .
Advertisement
These are explained well in a delightful book I read called UnMarketing : Stop marketing . Start engaging .
UnMarketing is written by viral marketing and social media expert Scott Stratten .
In this book Scott talks about push and pray marketing . 'Push and Pray Marketing ' is when you push something out there and pray that people will buy it .
Scott gave a great example of this approach in an event they attended called `` Art by the Lake '' .
Here a number of artists would gather by the shoreline and set up in tents .
They would display their paintings , photographs , sculptures to large numbers of visitors .
The potential customers who came to `` Art by the Lake '' loved it .
They walked into each artist 's tent , admired their work , made comments and often gave compliments .
Scott observed that the artists on the other hand were not nearly as engaging .
They were sitting in their lawn chairs , half-heartedly thanking people for their kind comments .
But you could tell they were secretly saying to themselves `` if you like it , why do n't you buy it ? ''
The ratio of lookers to buyers was at least 100 to 1 .
The most Scott saw any of the artists do with a person who did n't buy was to hand them a card and say 'let me know ' .
And a crowd of potential customers would then move on to the next Artist 's tent .
Scott noticed that crowds of people were raising their hand expressing interest in the artist 's products and were simply being allowed to walk away .
And that brings us to 'Pull and Stay Marketing ' .
With this approach you pull customer information and stay in front of them .
Let 's imagine you are one of the artists at the `` Art by the Lake '' event .
Someone comes in and comments how wonderful your work is , especially your landscape photography .
Instead of just saying `` thanks '' you could say `` I appreciate it , I regularly take landscape photos and it 's amazing how well they 're received . I know it 's tough to decide on art , especially when there are so many great artists here today . I have an 'exclusive preview ' email I send out to people when I take new shots . I could also send you some shots of what is here today . Would you like to sign up ? No charge . ''
Now you can start to build a relationship with this person .
That night , after you take each visitor 's email address , write a personal email to thank them for coming to your booth .
Send them a few shots and ask what they thought about the event .
You are now building a list of people who will get to like and trust you . Many of them will go on to become happy paying clients as you develop this relationship .
All from using the Pull and Stay Marketing approach .
There are dozens of proven marketing strategies that you can use right now to radically improve your sales and results .
The key is to change and try something new .
`` Everyone has a 'risk muscle . ' You keep it in shape by trying new things . If you do n't , it atrophies . Make a point of using it at least once a day . '' - Roger von Oech
Action Step :
What will you change with your marketing strategies in the next month ?
What will you try that is new or different ?
- Graham McGregor is a Marketing Advisor and helps businesses who offer an expensive service to quickly attract ideal new clients . You can download their brand new 106-page marketing guide 'The Expensive Service Marketing Solution ' at no charge from www.TheExpensiveServiceMarketingSolution.com
NEW YORK Strong first-quarter earnings may not be enough to sustain a rally in bank shares that has been a primary driver of overall stock market gains since the U.S. presidential election , as slower loan growth dents investor enthusiasm for the sector .
Earnings on Thursday for major banks JP Morgan ( JPM.N ) , Citigroup ( C.N ) and Wells Fargo beat expectations ( WFC.N ) , but each showed evidence of slower loan growth .
Financials .SPSY have been the best-performing of the 11 major S & P sectors since the election . They are up nearly 16 percent on expectations of pro-growth policies and industry deregulation promised by President Donald Trump , as well as measured interest rate increases from the Federal Reserve .
However , shares of Wells Fargo , which runs a more traditional lending business , were down 2.6 percent on Thursday , making it the worst performer in the sector and putting it on track for its worst week since September .
Recent data from the Fed shows outstanding loans across the U.S. banking industry declined in February for the first time in more than three years and fell slightly for the first quarter .
While that pressured Wells Fargo , Citi and JP Morgan shares were little changed , as their earnings benefited from large gains in trading revenue .
`` The U.S. bank rally , which to my mind was well-deserved , that rally has run its course , '' said Peter Cecchini , chief market strategist at Cantor Fitzgerald in New York .
`` Whereas we were bullish on banks late last year , we think that trade has largely played . ''
Trump 's comments on Wednesday to the Wall Street Journal that they would like to see interest rates stay low also weighed on banks .
Low interest rates dampen a bank 's ability to make money from lending .
`` ( Trump ) looks at a tightening as a potential threat to the type of robust , resurgent recovery that they were hoping for , '' said Peter Kenny , senior market strategist at Global Markets Advisory Group in New York .
Financial stocks are still expected to show strong earnings growth for the quarter , with a 17.7 percent increase , according to Thomson Reuters data . Bank of America ( BAC.N ) , Goldman Sachs ( GS.N ) and Morgan Stanley ( MS.N ) are to report results next week .
In addition , the sector is still cheap relative to the broader S & P 500 . Financials currently hold a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 13.5 , well below the 17.5 for the U.S. benchmark stock index .SPX .
`` If I take a look at earnings projections for financials , I see double digits , '' said Karyn Cavanaugh , senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York .
`` To me , they 're getting it done . So even with interest rates being so low , the bank stocks are still continuing to grow their earnings . ''
( Additional reporting by Sinead Carew , Saqib Ahmed and Lewis Krauskopf ; Editing by Daniel Bases and Dan Grebler )
John Haseldin hopes their Holywell Town side can honour the memory of Liam Simpson with a Welsh Cup victory against Corwen today ( Saturday ) .
A minute 's silence will be observed at Halkyn Road in tribute to the 18-year-old Wellmen youth player who tragically died last weekend .
Simpson 's teammates have been training with Town 's first team this week , with Haseldin keen to unite the club after the tragedy .
They said : “ It 's been a really emotional week and everyone involved with the club are devastated at what 's happened .
“ Incidents like this put things into perspective and make you realise how insignificant the game of football is in this situation .
“ Everyone at the club sends their deepest condolences to Liam 's family at time and as a club I hope we can pull together and offer our support to anyone who needs it .
“ The players and the supporters will remember Liam before the Corwen match on Saturday and hopefully we can deliver a solid perfromance on the pitch and put a little bit of a smile on people 's faces with a win . ”
Corwen have the knack of pulling off cup shocks but a heel injury could rule Sion Roberts out . Elystan Hughes and Tom Williams both return .
Steve Halliwell has targeted another ‘ positive cup run ' as Gresford Athletic 's head to Mid-Wales side Carno tomorrow .
Having led Athletic to North East Wales FA Cup glory last season , Halliwell insists their side are relishing the chance to compete for more silverware this term .
Despite a recent upturn in Athletic 's league form , Halliwell has been left frustrated by their side 's tendency to concede late in games .
And the Gresford manager has urged their defenders to tighten up ahead of tomorrow 's game against unfamilar opposition .
They said : “ The Welsh Cup is the biggest cup competition in the country and it 's one that all clubs look forward to playing in .
“ Like most clubs we 'll be taking the cup seriously and looking to progress . We know from last season that a positive cup run breeds confidence in the league too .
“ We are four unbeaten right now but we should probably have taken more points from those games than we 've managed .
“ Carno is another long away trip for us to contend with , but we 've had no midweek game and we should be pretty fresh for the game .
“ I want to see us tighten up defensively and manage games better from winning positions and hopefully we can get ourselves into the next round with a solid away performance . ”
Currently seventh in the Mid Wales league , Carno have made an indifferent start to the campaign with three wins , three draws and three losses to date .
Dave McIntyre impressed in Athletic 's 2-2 draw with Holyhead Hotspur last weekend and will feature in the heart of Athletic 's midfield tomorrow .
Martin Ford says that Queen 's Park 's tie at Llanrhaedr will provide a distraction from their tough league schedule .
Newly-promoted Park have endured a tough start to life in the Cymru Alliance , losing 7-0 last weekend at Caernarfon Town .
And manager Ford believes a victory in mid-Wales tomorrow could provide a much-needed morale boost .
They said : “ We 're looking forward to it . We 've got to know Llanrhaeadr really well as a club after we 've played them a couple of times in pre-season games .
“ They 're a decent side but we 're going there looking to win and progress to the second round for the first time as a club .
“ Obviously our recent results in the league have been tough , but this competition gives us a break and a chance to re-group in a way .
“ Winning and progressing in the biggest Welsh Cup competition would be huge for us and I think it could really restore a bt of confidence to our league performances too .
“ We 've been quite short on numbers in recent weeks , which has n't helped us at all .
“ But the young lads who 've come in have done well and have put themselves in contention for Saturday . ”
Recent signing James Etherington could make their debut at right back for Park .
Andy Thomas wants Airbus to challenge on all fronts this season , including a tilt at the Welsh Cup .
As well as pursuing the Cymru Alliance title , the Wingmakers have looked equally assured in the Welsh Premier League Cup after eliminating top-flight sides Cefn Druids and Aberystwyth Town .
Despite their strong recent form , Thomas insists their side will not be taking Mid-Wales Division One side Bow Street lightly in Saturday 's first round home game .
“ I 'm sure they will have watched us at Aberystwyth in midweek ” they said .
“ It was probably our best performance of the season so far . We were excellent and were the better team over the 90 minutes against a very decent Aberystwyth team .
“ Bow Street will come to us and treat the game like a cup final I 'm sure . They 'll try to sit deep , frustrate us and hit us on the break .
“ We 'll have to prepare ourselves for that and be sure that we take the chances that come our way . ”
After missing the Aberystwyth game through suspension , defender Kristian Platt returns to the squad along with forward Luke Busumbru .
Andy Holden is ‘ desperate ' to see their Flint Town United do well in this season 's Welsh Cup and is relishing their first game as manager in the competition .
The Silkmen were predictably outgunned by Welsh Premier League champions The New Saints in the League Cup in midweek , losing 5-1 to the reigning champions , but Holden is keen to atone with a strong performance at home to Llanfair United tomorrow .
They said : “ It was a tough ask for us to come out of the TNS game with anything .
“ They 're a full-time side of professional footballers with a massive budget and so much quality on the pitch . But I was proud of how our lads stuck at it and never let their heads drop .
“ It was a good workout for us and I think we 'll a Lean a lot from that game to take into this weekend .
“ As a Welshman , the competition means a lot to me and I 'm really looking forward to seeing how far we can go in the competition .
“ I 'm desperate for us to do well so we 'll be doing our homework on Llanfair and of course we 'll be putting out our our strongest available team . ”
Striker Chris Budrys could start for Flint , subject to their paperwork being finalised by the Welsh FA in time .
May 2 Och-ziff Capital Management Group Llc :
* Och-Ziff Capital Management Group Llc says distributable earnings for Q1 of 2017 were $ 35.7 million , or $ 0.07 per adjusted class a share
* Och-Ziff Capital Management - AUM totaled $ 33.9 billion as of March 31 , 2017 , decreasing 22pct year-over-year , primarily due to net outflows from co 's multi-strategy funds
* Och-Ziff Capital Management Group Llc says for q1 of 2017 , gaap net loss of $ 7.2 million , or $ 0.04 per basic and diluted class A share
* Och-Ziff Capital Management Group Llc Q1 total revenue $ 139.2 million versus $ 188.4 million last year Source text : ( bit.ly/2p4dtYX ) Further company coverage :
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO , June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday , a Nebraska meat company said , just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports , ending a 14-year ban .
April 28 Time Inc said on Friday its board had evaluated a number of expressions of interest but decided to pursue its own strategic plan , sending its shares down 19 percent in premarket trading .
The publisher of Sports Illustrated and People magazines said the board would continue to pursue its strategic plan , which includes changes to its cost structure .
Time 's shares were down nearly 19 percent at $ 14.95 in premarket trading on Friday .
Earlier this month Reuters reported that U.S. media group Meredith Corp made a preliminary acquisition offer to Time that fell short of its price expectation . ( Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru ; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta )
April 12Zhongbai Holdings Group Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 2652 percent to 2701 percent , or to be 106.6 million yuan to 108.5 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 3.9 million yuan )
* Says equity transfer as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/n2ibSZ
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
DETROIT ( AP ) - Stung by falling U.S. sales , Hyundai is pushing its dealers to modernize the new-car shopping experience . At the same time , the company is conceding that customers are well-armed with information from the internet before they step on the showroom floor .
The Korean automaker on Tuesday announced that dealers will post `` fair market pricing '' on their websites that include company discounts offered to consumers . Dealers , which are independent businesses , will be encouraged to add incentives they 're offering to buyers . They 'll also deliver vehicles to customers for test drives and allow people to do paperwork online , including calculation of monthly payments , loan applications and estimating the value of their trade-ins .
( Repeats Feb. 1 column . John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst . The views expressed are their own )
* Chartbook : tmsnrt.rs/2DSvXTy
By John Kemp
LONDON , Feb 1 ( Reuters ) - U.S. crude oil production topped 10 million barrels per day ( bpd ) in November , according to monthly estimates published by the Energy Information Administration on Wednesday .
Crude output was the highest in 47 years and just 6,000 bpd below the record set in November 1970 ( “ Petroleum Supply Monthly ” , EIA , Jan. 31 ) .
Production has doubled over the last 10 years , from a low of around 5 million bpd in 2007 , reversing decades of decline since the 1970s .
The most recent surge in output confounded some observers , who had forecast production was about to level off , though the EIA had predicted it for some time .
Crude production increased by almost 850,000 bpd in just the three months to November , according to the EIA .
Nearly all the recent surge has come from the lower 48 states excluding federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico ( tmsnrt.rs/2DSvXTy ) .
Most of that increase has come from onshore shale plays in Texas ( where output has risen by 500,000 bpd since August ) and North Dakota ( where output is up by more than 100,000 bpd ) .
Production from the lower 48 excluding the Gulf of Mexico hit almost 7.9 million bpd in November , easily beating the previous peak of nearly 7.8 million bpd in March 2015 .
From an output perspective , the U.S. shale sector has fully recovered from the price and output slump that started in 2014 and 2015 .
Production has beaten its previous peak even though there are fewer than half the number of rigs drilling for oil compared with before the slump .
Producers have pulled back from marginal areas to the most productive “ core ” parts of shale plays such as the Permian in western Texas and eastern New Mexico .
Smaller , older rigs have been idled or replaced by newer , larger and more powerful equipment that can bore through rock faster and further .
Rigs are increasingly drilling multiple wells from a single pad ( avoiding downtime for moving in and rigging up ) and individual wells have much longer horizontal sections ( exposing more rock to each well ) .
The result is that more oil is being produced with far fewer rigs and drilling teams .
DYNAMICS
Experience shows that rig counts generally follow changes in benchmark West Texas Intermediate futures prices with a lag of around four months .
In turn , production tends to follow changes in the rig count with a lag of up to six months , to allow for delays in completing wells and hooking them up to gathering systems .
So the total lag from a change in prices to a change in production can be six to 12 months especially once delays in reporting are taken into account .
WTI prices have been on an upward trend since February 2016 . The rig count has been rising since June 2016 . And lower 48 production has been increasing since December 2016 .
The timeline is consistent with previous patterns for cyclical changes in prices , drilling and production .
Understanding the lags in the system between prices , drilling and production is absolutely critical to making sense of the data .
More recently , the rig count has been flat or lower since August 2017 , which is why some analysts predicted output would also level off .
But the frenzied drilling activity in the second half of 2016 and especially in the first half of 2017 led to the build-up of a large number of wells that had been drilled but not yet completed .
As more of these wells have been completed and oil started to flow , production has surged even as the rig count has remained flat .
New completions of wells drilled earlier in 2017 should continue boosting production throughout the first half of 2018 .
In recent months , WTI prices have climbed higher and the rig count has also started to turn up again , which should boost production in the second half of 2018 .
The more oil prices rise , the bigger the eventual response from the shale drillers will be – which is why OPEC and its allies need to start planning an exit strategy from production cuts before they become self-defeating .
Related columns :
“ U.S . oil and gas drilling costs rise as rig count climbs ” , Reuters , Jan. 30
“ U.S . shale producers renew challenge to OPEC ” , Reuters , Nov. 27
“ OPEC must think about exit strategy ” , Reuters , Oct. 25
“ Oil drillers , not forecasters , are responsible for WTI weakness ” , Reuters , Oct. 2 ( Editing by Dale Hudson )
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON , June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis .
Truck driver killed by timber load in crash
A 23-year-old truck driver died in an accident in Pursat 's Veal Veng district on Saturday night while allegedly transporting wood for MDS Import Export , a company owned by Cambodia 's most prominent timber tycoon , Try Pheap .
Keo Channy , district police chief , said the truck crashed into a rock and crushed driver Kean Vy Hul 's neck and body . Their assistant driver was not injured . Channy said that the company was insured and had compensated the victim 's family .
“ The family had agreed with the company [ about the compensation ] ” , they said . “ The brake did not work and the truck carried a huge amount of wood . . . The wood crushed them as flat as a banana cake .
“ He drove too fast and could not control the truck . When they tried to brake , it did not work , which resulted in [ the truck 's ] drifting off the road and crashing . ”
Hun Ran , Pramuoy commune police chief , said the truck was carrying first-grade wood .
“ [ MDS Import Export ] sometimes transports wood , and we can not know [ what they are carrying ] because the company covers the trucks . . . It is [ only ] when there is an accident like this that we know it 's wood . ”
Ran declined to comment on the legality of the shipment . “ We do not know whether [ the wood ] was illegal or not . ”
Pheap has been accused of engaging in illegal logging activities in the past , despite their pledge of July 2015 to end their company 's logging activities .
Ran added that the company had pepper and rubber plantations in Pramuoy commune after having received land concessions from the government .
In a separate incident in the same province , three self-identified journalists were charged on Saturday for allegedly extorting money from a purported timber smuggler in Samrong commune , in Phnom Kravanh district .
Provincial prosecutor spokesperson Long Cheap said the provincial military police arrested the three journalists after they allegedly extorted money from an unidentified man .
“ The investigating judge had decided to place them in pre-trial detention . This case was red-handed , ” they said .
According to provincial court spokesperson Heng Donin , the three were charged by the investigating judge under articles 363 and 364 of the Cambodian Criminal Code .
Local media reported the three journalists to be San Piseth , 30 , and Sin Sophorn , 23 , from MSJ TV , and Suos Nai , 34 , from CPN TV . Both organisations are little-known , though MSJ regularly posts videos to Facebook .
STOCKHOLM , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Activist fund company Cevian Capital said after market close on Thursday it now owns 8.5 percent of share capital and 5 percent of votes in Swedish mobile telecom equipment maker Ericsson .
* Cevian says has today disclosed to Ericsson and to the Swedish Regulator Finansinspektionen a holding of 281,757,201 Ericsson B-shares and 331,346 Ericsson A-shares , corresponding to around 8.46 percent of shares and 5.01 pct of votes .
* The firm said in a filing with the SEC on Jan. 29 it then held 331,346 A-shares and 273,283,710 B-shares .
* Ericsson shares fell sharply on Wednesday after it released its year-end report . ( Reporting by Johannes Hellstrom )
BERLIN A senior member of Germany 's Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) says Britain should hold a second referendum on its membership of the European Union once Brexit negotiations have been completed .
`` My proposal : negotiate conditions , then ... referendum . Then the facts are on the table , '' SPD General Secretary Katarina Barley tweeted on Wednesday .
The idea is mooted in some quarters in Britain , but is viewed as highly unlikely .
Barley , who is half British , sent their tweet after EU lawmakers adopted a resolution on Wednesday that hinted at the possibility for Britain to reverse the Brexit process , stressing however that this would be possible only with the approval of all the remaining 27 member states .
British Prime Minister Theresa May last week triggered a two-year countdown to Britain 's withdrawal from the EU after the British people voted in a referendum last June to leave the bloc .
The SPD is junior partner in Chancellor Angela Merkel 's ruling coalition but could - theoretically - be at the helm of a German government by the time the Brexit negotiations are completed .
Opinion polls show the SPD trailing Merkel 's conservative bloc , but with close to enough support to form a three-party coalition with the environmentalist Greens and the far-left Linke party after Germany 's Sept. 24 federal election .
( Writing by Paul Carrel Editing by Jeremy Gaunt . )
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
The global GIS software and solutions provider Supergeo Technologies Inc. announces that PT PLN selects SuperGIS Desktop and SuperGIS Spatial Analyst to process and analyze spatial data .
SuperGeo
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags :
* Gis
* Desktop
* Indonesia Industry :
* Computers Location :
* Taipei - Taipei - Taiwan Subject :
* Companies
Contact
Eugene Tseng
* * * @ supergeo.com.tw Eugene Tseng
End
-- The global GIS software and solutions provider , Supergeo Technologies Inc. announces that an electric power development unit of PT PLN selects SuperGIS Desktop and SuperGIS Spatial Analyst to process and analyze spatial data.Headquartered in Jakarta , PT PLN ( Perusahaan Listrik Negara ) is a state-owned corporation that dominates the electric power industry of Indonesia . PT PLN has various divisions that focus on different services , including the electricity generation , delivery , development , etc . Selecting SuperGIS products to process spatial data recently , the division of UIP ISJ is the unit that is in charge of developing the interconnected network between Sumatra and Java.Base on the research and development of SuperGIS Desktop 3 series , SuperGIS Desktop 10 is the brand-new series of Supergeo 's desktop GIS software . In this generation , Supergeo Product Team not only enhanced the overall performance but also integrated more advanced geospatial technologies , including Temporal Slider , Annotation Tools , and LiDAR Tool . With these new features , users can process new data format and visualize spatial data in a more easy way . For companies like PT PLN , using SuperGIS Desktop and Spatial Analyst is an excellent choice for site selection . For example , the features from SuperGIS Spatial Analyst empower users to analyze various characteristics of physical landscape with ease , like the aspect , slope , hillshade , and so on . After that , the user can further utilize geoprocessing and buffering tools to exclude the inappropriate areas to find the best place for setting new power stations and power towers.Sign up and get a free trial of SuperGIS Desktop 10 : Learn how to generate aspect and slope maps from a DEM :
ALL THE BUZZ : Keith Pitt and Co at yesterday 's launch .
ALL THE BUZZ : Keith Pitt and Co at yesterday 's launch . Cameron Spencer
A NEW campaign to keep Australia front and centre as a memorable destination will see young travellers visit regional areas , including the Fraser Coast .
Federal Member for Hinkler Keith Pitt launched the Aussie News Today ( ANT ) campaign in Sydney yesterday , alongside The Honey Badger and actor and former Home and Away star Lincoln Lewis .
`` Tourism as a whole is very important to regional Australia , with 43 cents in every dollar going to regional Australia . Youth in particular are important to regional Australia , because they stay longer , spend more and go further than other travellers , ” they said .
The team will travel and report on the best news from all over Australia .
As part of the campaign , Tourism Australia has launched a content partnership with BuzzFeed , and ran a competition for eight young people from the UK , Italy , France and Germany to come to Australia .
Mr Pitt said one of the winners - Nick Arnold , a 28-year-old from the United Kingdom - will travel to the Fraser Coast later this year .
`` The 'BuzzFeed Mates ' will travel around Australia in campervans for three months and capture content which will be shared across BuzzFeed platforms and through TA social and digital channels in English , German , French and Italian .
GCHQ Wants More Girl Spies
The final , hosted at Old Trafford Cricket Ground , saw the top 10 schools up against each other as they worked to solve a scenario similar to the cyberattack on the NHS .
The challenges involved tracking down cyber criminals and helping decrypt the files of a vlogging ransomware victim , while their intellect and technological skills were also tested .
Now in its second year , 4,500 girls entered this year 's CyberFirst Girls competition , which aims to knock down some of the barriers that have resulted in women being under-represented in cybersecurity , where only one in ten of the workforce is female .
The top 10 teams beat 1,200 other schools in earlier rounds . Queen 's School in Chester was the only team representing the North West .
The girls had to crack codes , search for hidden puzzles and even use UV pens to spot invisible ink .
The tech-savvy pupils are only 13 , but it 's hoped the event will inspire the next generation of cybersecurity experts .
Chris Enshor is from the National Cyber Security Centre , they say the girls competing are `` the future defenders of the UK '' and that many of them will likely work for GCHQ as adults .
March 31 Da An Gene Co. , Ltd. of Sun Yat-sen University :
* Says its controlling investment unit plans to set up capital management JV in Guangzhou
* Says the JV to be capitalized at 10 million yuan and the unit to hold 40 percent stake in it
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/ELT9X3
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
April 28 Danske Bank 's Chief Financial Officer Jacob Aarup-Andersen made the following comments to Reuters after the bank , Denmark 's largest , reported Q1 profit above forecasts on Friday .
* `` With the double-digit ( lending ) growth rates we have seen in personal banking in Sweden and Norway it would be natural to assume that they can continue for the rest of the year , '' Aarup-Andersen says
* Says there was very high capital market activity in the Nordic region in Q1 , especially driven by Danish and Swedish mortgage markets
* Says will focus on partnerships rather than acquisitions within fintech
* Says expects trend of net loan loss reversal to continue
* Q1 loan impairment charges remained low , with net reversals of DKK 0.2 billion ( EUR 31.6 million ) , Danske Bank said earlier on Friday For more on the Q1 earnings , click here : Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Stine Jacobsen , editing by Nikolaj Skydsgaard )
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Wolves step blinking into the bright lights of the Premier League this summer - big on ambition and big on the means to fulfil it .
Backed by Fosun and with access to Jorge Mendes ' contacts book there is every chance they will continue to pull off eye-catching transfers .
Expect more young , upwardly mobile talents to find their way to Molineux in the summer .
However , everyone loves a bargain and if Nuno Espirito Santo feels there 's one out there who can improve their team they might consider it .
These Premier League players are available for nothing .
Arsenal
Santi Cazorla , Jack Wilshere
AFC Bournemouth
Artur Boruc , Rhoys Wiggins
Brighton & Hove Albion
Niki Maenpaa , Uwe Hunemeier , Steve Sidwell , Liam Rosenior , Tim Krul
Burnley
Dean Marney , Stephen Ward , Scott Arfield
Chelsea
Willy Caballero , Eduardo , Matej Delac
Crystal Palace
Wayne Hennessey , Julian Speroni , Diego Cavalieri , Yohan Cabaye , Damien Delaney , James McArthur , Bakary Sako , Martin Kelly , Chung-Yong Lee , Joel Ward , Erdal Rakip
Everton
Joel Robles
Huddersfield
Robert Green
Dean Whitehead
Leicester City
Ben Hamer , Robert Huth , Aleksandar Dragovic
Liverpool
Emre Can
Manchester City
Yaya Toure
Manchester United
Marouane Fellaini , Luke Shaw
Newcastle United
Jesús Gámez , Massadio Haidara
Southampton
Stuart Taylor , Jeremy Pied
Stoke City
Glen Johnson , Charlie Adam , Stephen Ireland , Jese , Jakob Haugaard , Konstantinos Stafylidis
Swansea City
Leon Britton , Angel Rangel , Sung-Yeung Ki , Kenji Gorre
Tottenham Hotspur
Michel Vorm
Watford
Orestis Karnezi , Miguel Britos , Molla Wague , Andre Carrillo
West Bromwich Albion
Boaz Myhill , James Morrison , Gareth McAuley , Claudio Yacob
COPENHAGEN , Denmark ( AP ) — Denmark 's prime minister said Wednesday a letter from President Donald Trump accusing NATO allies of not spending enough on defense focused too much on figures but not on what countries have done .
Lars Loekke Rasmussen said Trump demonstrated `` a unilateral focus on military spending as a percentage of the gross domestic product on defense . '' They added : `` We can be proud of our contribution to the common security and Denmark will stand tall at the NATO summit next week . ''
They were referring to a letter Trump sent ahead of a July 11-12 summit to several NATO allies in Europe and Canada demanding they boost their defense spending .
Trump wrote that `` the United States is increasingly unwilling to ignore the European failure to meet shared security commitments . ''
Advertisement
After Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula in 2014 , NATO allies agreed to stop cutting defense budgets and start moving toward a goal of devoting 2 percent of GDP to defense within a decade .
`` We recognize that Denmark is taking action to increase defense spending , '' Trump wrote in the letter , dated June 19 , to Denmark 's prime minister . `` Still there is no explanation as to why the United States continues to devote more resources to the defense of Europe when the continent 's economies , including Denmark 's , are doing well . There is a growing frustration that some Allies have not stepped up as promised . ''
Loekke Ramussen said : `` Denmark takes a large responsibility in relation to international matters and in relation to NATO in particular . Measured in military expenses per inhabitant , Denmark occupies a 5th place . ''
Other European NATO allies , including Norway and Germany , on Tuesday also pushed back against U.S. criticism .
The upcoming NATO summit is the first major meeting since the fractious Group of Seven talks in Canada last month . NATO officials are concerned that trans-Atlantic divisions over trade tariffs , as well as the U.S. pullout from the Paris global climate agreement and the Iran nuclear deal , could undermine alliance unity .
NANAIMO , British Columbia ( Reuters ) - Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau took a tough line on NAFTA on Friday , repeating that they could walk away if they were not happy with talks to modernize a pact the United States contends needs major changes .
“ The negotiations are complex and challenging ... I 've said many times , we are not going to take any old deal , ” Trudeau told a sometimes raucous town hall event in the Pacific province of British Columbia . “ Canada is willing to walk away from NAFTA if the United States proposes a bad deal . ”
“ We will not be pushed around . At the same time we can remain confident about NAFTA , ” they said , adding that if Washington walked away from the deal it would be “ extremely harmful and disruptive ” to both the United States and Canada .
Canada and Mexico are striving to address U.S. demands for NAFTA reform , which they argue threaten the highly integrated North American economy .
Slideshow ( 6 Images )
On Monday , a senior U.S. trade official rejected proposals for unblocking the negotiations but pledged to seek “ breakthroughs , ” easing concerns that Washington would soon withdraw from the $ 1.2 trillion North American Free Trade Agreement .
Trudeau said they did not think U.S. President Donald Trump would pull out of NAFTA , despite slow progress at the talks .
During the town hall event Trudeau was interrupted by hecklers angry that their Liberal government approved a plan by Kinder Morgan Canada ( KML.TO ) to increase the capacity of an oil pipeline from Alberta to British Columbia .
Police removed at least three demonstrators , who complained the risk of a spill was too great to allow the project to continue . Trudeau repeated that the pipeline would be built .
Bollywood star Saif Ali Khan will join the inimitable Karan Johar to host the 18th edition of the International Indian Film Academy ( IIFA ) Awards in New York next month . They say they have surprises in store .
Aishwarya Rai & Jaya Bachchan Look All Love In This Picture
Saif said in a statement , `` I am happy to be back to the IIFA stage this year as I join my close friend Karan Johar to host the IIFA Awards in New York .
Saif On Co-hosting IIFA 2017 `` The excitement for IIFA has been steadily growing worldwide . This year it 's going to be super fun and glamorous in every way as Karan and I are going to have lots of surprises in store for our fans internationally . '' IIFA 2017 Will Mark The Debut Of Varun Bollywood 's youth icon Varun Dhawan will make is make a debut at IIFA Awards with a performance and they will be also be seen co- hosting a segment of the star-studded awards night on July 15 . Varun said : `` It 's going to be a grand celebration and I ca n't wait to be there . '' We 're Damn Excited ! To be held at the MetLife Stadium , the IIFA gala will be a celebration of Indian film , music , fashion and dance . It will feature performances by Bollywood stars Salman Khan , Alia Bhatt , Katrina Kaif , Shahid Kapoor , Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sanon , to name a few . That 's Amazing ! A day before the main awards gala , IIFA Rocks will regale the audience with a celebration of 25 years of Oscar winning talent A.R . Rahman . It will also feature a medley of musicians including Rahman , Diljit Dosanjh , Benny Dayal , Javed Ali , Neeti Mohan , Jonita Gandhi and Haricharan Seshadri . Riteish & Manish Will Host IIFA Rocks Riteish Deshmukh and Manish Paul will host IIFA Rocks .
Organised by Wizcraft International Entertainment , the excitement for the Bollywood event is already palpable in New York .
This is the second time that the IIFA extravaganza is taking place in the US . It was earlier held in Tampa Bay in 2014 .
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
A Virginia man facing hate crime charges for attacking a Black woman has been found not guilty by reason of insanity .
According to the Richmond-Times Dispatch , Matthew R. Ellis was accused of attacking the victim last year after they pulled up to their car at a traffic light and yelled obscenities through their car window . They then followed and rear-ended their car , before pulling the victim out of their car by the ankles and threatening to kill them
The newspaper also noted that it took multiple men to stop them from attacking them further .
It 's important to point out that when being questioned by the police , Ellis called the victim a slew of racial slurs . They were also crystal clear : The only reason they wanted to kill them was because they were African-American .
Ellis was initially charged with a hate-crime assault of the woman , two counts of assaulting a law-enforcement officer , statutory burglary and reckless driving . But a judge believed they were too crazy for prison .
Virginia Man Charged With Hate Crime Found Not Guilty by Reason of Insanity in Terrifying Attack on Black Woman https : //t.co/2WpUuEVgWW — BlackInformant ( @ BlackInformant ) December 8 , 2017
Judge Lynn S. Brice of Chesterfield County Circuit Court said that after reviewing reports from two mental health professionals — including one for the prosecution — they concluded that Ellis was insane at the time of the May 3 incident in Chester .
RELATED NEWS :
Florida Man Gets Beaten Up By Girlfriend And The Mother Of A 9-Year-Old They Are Caught On Tape Molesting
Suspected Tampa Serial Killer Identified Arrested After Nearly 2 Months Of Murders
North Carolina Man Charged With Murder Of UNC Charlotte Professor
Michael Burgess is a sports writer for the Herald on Sunday .
Get set for Super Tuesday at the ASB Tennis centre .
If the weather plays ball - and that ca n't be guaranteed after the events of yesterday - the ASB Classic will play host to arguably the biggest day in its history .
American legend Serena Williams will finally take the court , after their scheduled first round match was washed out yesterday .
Venus Williams will also be in action , along with Danish former world No1 Caroline Wozniacki and local hope Marina Erakovic .
Fans will also get to see New Zealand wildcard Jade Lewis , in their first outing in a main draw WTA event .
The previous biggest day in the ASB Classic was probably on the Tuesday of the 2016 event , with Venus Williams , Wozniacki and Ivanovic were in action . But the presence of Serena , and two New Zealanders , takes the event to a new high .
Due to the weather on Monday - which meant only two first round matches were completed - there is also a stacked schedule on the outside courts .
Five singles matches are scheduled for the Grandstand court alone , with fourth seed Barbora Strycova , French Open semifinalist Kiki Bertens and promising Croatian Ana Konjuh .
But - as with yesterday - all is dependent on Auckland 's fickle weather .
Today 's Play
Centre Court : Starts 12:30 pm
1-S. Williams ( US ) vs P. Parmentier ( FRA )
A. Beck ( GER ) vs N. Osaka ( JPN ) to continue
WC-M. Erakovic ( NZL ) vs 7-J . Ostapenko ( LAT )
N. Gibbs ( US ) vs 3-C. Wozniacki ( DEN )
Not Before 6:30 pm
WC-J . Lewis ( NZL ) vs 2-V. Williams ( US ) 6-A . Pavlyuchenkova ( RUS ) vs J. Goerges ( GER )
Grandstand : Starts 12:30 pm
4-B . Strycova ( CZE ) vs Q-B . Stefkova ( CZE )
L. Davis ( US ) vs 5-K. Bertens ( NED ) 35
Y. Wickmayer ( BEL ) vs J. Larsson ( SWE )
8-A . Konjuh ( CRO ) vs K. Flipkens ( BEL )
N. Broady ( GBR ) vs D. Kovinic ( MNE )
Court 2 : Starts 12:30 pm
Q-M. Barthel ( GER ) vs M. Lucic-Baroni ( CRO )
Q-J . Loeb ( US ) vs M. Brengle ( US )
Qualifier vs V. Lepchenko ( US )
Not Before 5pm
T. Maria ( GER ) / N. Melichar ( US ) vs D. Schuurs ( NED ) / R. Voracova ( CZE )
- NZ Herald
April 3 Bancorp Wealth Management New Zealand Ltd :
* H1 2016/2017 revenue sharply higher : NZ $ 17.6 million ( $ 12.31 million ) ( previous year : NZ $ 9.9 million )
* Net profit after taxes jumped by NZ $ 4.6 million from a loss of NZ $ 1.9 million in first half of 2015/2016 financial year to NZ $ 2.7 million in first half of 2016/2017 financial year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 1.4296 New Zealand dollars ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN , June 15 The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement .
FILE - In this March 1 , 2018 , file photo , Chris Borland , a former NFL linebacker and Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year for the University of Wisconsin , testifies before a Illinois House Mental Health Committee hearing in Springfield , Ill. , on House Bill 4341 , which would ban tackle football for kids under 12 years of age . ( Rich Saal//The State Journal-Register via AP , File )
A federal judge in Philadelphia is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL 's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $ 1 billion concussion settlement .
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys , doctors and former players .
Plaintiffs ' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough . So far , $ 227 million in claims have been awarded .
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays . The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power .
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement .
Arguments are scheduled for Wednesday .
Related : Judge reminding NFL retirees of concussion settlement
Related : NFL reaches $ 765 million settlement ; Did players get enough ?
The Associated Press
Police say there 's nothing to indicate anyone has been shot following reports of a firearm 's incident in the Waikato town of Putaruru .
In a statement police say they received multiple calls at 4.45pm about a shooting at Whakaaratamaiti Marae .
`` The calls followed a man approaching passers-by in the area , saying that someone had been shot , '' police say .
Armed police were then deployed to the area .
`` Police are currently at the marae making enquiries but at this stage there is nothing to indicate that anyone has in fact been shot , '' the statement reads .
Earlier Michael Flaws from business Kiwi Lumber on Domain Rd told 1 NEWS a person came onto the property claiming there were gunshots at a nearby marae .
`` I personally did n't hear anything , '' they said .
`` There are a carload of people at our gate and armed police have just arrived . ''
The NZ Herald reported that a man who lives next to a marae on Domain Rd told them a man had come onto their property at 4.45pm saying that there was someone at the marae shooting people .
`` He said someone is killing people at the marae and they are n't sticking around '' .
MOSCOW , April 28 The hearing of a tax dispute between Russia and U.S. oil and gas major ExxonMobil at the Stockholm arbitration court has been delayed while the two sides continue talks to try to reach a settlement , Russia 's finance ministry said on Friday .
The court had been due to hear the case , in which Exxon says it overpaid profit taxes on the Sakhalin-1 oil and gas project in Russia 's far east , on April 24-28 .
`` The arbitration proceedings have been postponed for a few months . The parties agreed to continue talks with the aim of resolving outstanding issues before trial , '' the ministry said .
Exxon lodged its claim for $ 637 million in over-paid taxes at the Stockholm court in 2015 .
Russia reduced its profit tax in 2009 to 20 percent for production-sharing agreements such as Exxon 's Sakhalin-1 , but the U.S. energy giant continued to pay at an earlier level of 35 percent after the project broke even in 2008 .
Russia said in late March it was willing to settle the dispute in an out-of-court agreement under non-disclosed conditions . ( Reporting by Darya Korsunskaya ; Writing by Jack Stubbs ; Editing by Mark Potter )
( Reuters ) - Vasyl Lomachenko retained their WBO super-featherweight title with a sixth round technical knockout of Guillermo Rigondeaux in New York City on Saturday , the impressive Ukrainian handing the Cuban-born American their first professional defeat .
The highly-anticipated duel between a pair of double Olympic champions resulted in an anti-climatic finish , however , when Rigondeaux , citing a hand and wrist injury , told the referee that they did not want to continue prior to the seventh round .
All three judges had Rigondeaux , who moved up two weight divisions for the bout , behind when they quit in front of a disappointed Madison Square Garden crowd , making it the fourth consecutive Lomachenko fight in which their opponent has retired .
Lomachenko , the 29-year-old heavy pre-fight favourite , defended their title for a fourth time and improved their career record to 10-1 ( eight TKOs ) , including seven knockouts .
The 37-year-old Rigondeaux ( 17-1 ) , who was warned by the referee several times for foul play , began telling their trainer after the third round that their left hand and wrist hurt .
“ This is not their weight so it 's not a big win for me , ” Lomachenko , who won gold medals at the Beijing and London Olympics , told reporters . “ But he 's a good fighter , he 's got great skills . I adjusted to their style , low blows and all . ”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
A Tokyo Electric Power Co ( TEPCO ) logo is pictured on a sign showing the way to the venue of the company 's annual shareholders ' meeting in Tokyo June 28 , 2011 . REUTERS/Yuriko Nakao/File Photo
TOKYO Tokyo Electric Power Co Holdings ( 9501.T ) named a new president and chairperson on Friday at a time when it has to shoulder a much heavier financial burden from the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster .
Takashi Kawamura , 77 , a former chairperson of Hitachi Ltd ( 6501.T ) , will succeed Fumio Sudo as chairperson . Tomoaki Kobayakawa , 53 , president at Tepco 's retail energy unit , was promoted to president , a company statement showed .
Tepco 's current president , Naomi Hirose , will become vice chairperson . The changes will officially take place after the annual shareholders ' approval in June .
The move comes as Tepco 's portion of the burden for Fukushima has more than doubled to 15.9 trillion yen ( $ 142 billion ) . It has become imperative for Tepco to boost its earnings to allocate 500 billion yen in annual profits in coming decades to pay for decommissioning and compensation .
( Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
Independent developer Milky Tea announced today that their brand-new title HyperBrawl Tournament will be coming to Steam 's Early Access in June 2017 .
HyperBrawl_ Presskit_ Key_ Art_ 1920_ 1080_ v2_ small
Contact
Milky Tea
* * * @ milkytea.com Milky Tea
End
-- Independent developerannounced today that their brand new titlewill be coming to Steam 's Early Access in June 2017.is a ferociously fun Combat Sports Arena game , fusing intense sporting action and brutally competitive PvP combat.Once every century , the greatest warriors from across time and space gather to battle it out to become thechampion . HyperBrawl is a sport that combines 'no-rules ' , hyper speed handball with ferocious player vs. player combat , where only the bravest and most skilled competitors will be victorious . Select your warrior and your weapon before unleashing brawling fury in an arena where goals equal glory.draws its inspiration from legendary games such as Speedball , Rocket League and Battlerite – combining arcade style sporting mayhem , electric paced multiplayer action and fierce arena combat.Watch the trailer here : https : //vimeo.com/ 200700462 Choose from 10 unique HyperBrawl warriors and 10 unique weapons to destroy your opponents.Experience 6 combat arenas , each home to one of the warriors and complete with its own special feature.Compete in 8 individual mini games that enable and encourage the player to improve their core warrior skills and unlock new content including warrior skins , weapons and characters.Use the skills you have learned in the trials and compete with friends in 1-4 person multiplayer games of either 1v1 or 2v2 tournaments , both locally or online.A fusion of electric paced , 'no rules ' handball with ferocious PvP arena combat.Unique warrior & weapon combinations enabling skill development and ensuring re-playability.Smash and destroy opponents with devastating weapons and unique rage attacks.Score incredible goals by perfecting the special aftertouch ability.Player and spectator entertainment – A truly great party game , combining intense action and laugh out loud humour that make for amazing E-Sport potential.Local & Online Multiplayer - Up to 4 player local couch play/online multiplayer .
BERLIN/FRANKFURT May 3 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open unchanged on Wednesday , according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0600 GMT .
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks :
U.S. FED
The U.S. Federal Reserve is expected to hold interest rates steady at its meeting this week as it pauses to parse more economic data but may hint it is on track for an increase in June .
AUTOS
BMW indicated unchanged
Daimler indicated 0.5 percent lower
Volkswagen indicated 0.2 percent higher
Carmakers published U.S. car sales figures for April . BMW reported a 12.2 fall in deliveries , while Mercedes-Benz 's car sales were down 7.9 percent . Volkswagen 's deliveries were up 1.6 percent .
Separately , German monthly car registration figures due from association VDA .
Daimler 's 400 million euros ( $ 437 million ) cost savings plan for Trucks is making good progress , executive Martin Daum told Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung . For margins to improve further , efficiency gains need to come two thirds from growth , and one third from cuts , Daum told the paper .
Also , supplier Prevent said it hopes for a normalisation of relations with Volkswagen , according to Handelsblatt .
DEUTSCHE BANK
Indicated 0.6 percent higher
Chinese conglomerate HNA Group has raised its stake in Deutsche Bank to 9.9 percent , a source close to Germany 's flagship lender said on Tuesday .
Separately , Deutsche Bank is concerned about being cut off from the London Clearing House ( LCH ) following Britain 's exit from the European Union , Stefan Hoops , head of the lender 's capital markets division , told Boersen-Zeitung in an interview .
E.ON
Indicated 0.3 percent higher
The German energy company has agreed a cooperation with Google to offer the U.S. firm 's Sunroof platform to identify homes suitable for solar panels , its first move outside of the United States , sources tell the Handelsblatt daily .
FRESENIUS
Indicated 1.7 percent higher
The healthcare group lifted its guidance on strong demand in the United States for its generic infusion drugs .
FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE
Indicated 0.2 percent higher
The kidney dialysis provider posted a 17 percent gain in quarterly adjusted net income , benefiting from higher reimbursement rates and lower costs of medicines for dialysis patients .
PROSIEBENSAT.1
Indicated 0.1 percent higher
Recent management departures at ProSiebenSat.1 are unrelated to each other , Chief Executive Thomas Ebeling told Handelsblatt .
VOLKSWAGEN
Indicated 0.2 percent higher
Full Q1 results due . The group published preliminary figures on April 18 , reporting a 28 percent jump in quarterly operating profit , helped by a return to earnings growth at its core VW brand .
FRAPORT
Indicated 0.6 percent higher
The airports operator has the financial leeway to buy more airports , finance chief Matthias Zieschang told Boersen-Zeitung in an interview , adding Fraport was still very interested in Bulgaria 's Sofia .
HUGO BOSS
Indicated 0.5 percent higher
The German fashion house reported a better-than-expected increase in first-quarter sales and net profit on Wednesday , helped by a recovery in China as well as growth in Britain , where the weak pound has boosted tourist spending .
JUNGHEINRICH
Indicated 0.9 percent lower
The German forklift truckmaker confirmed its 2017 outlook for EBIT of 250-260 million euros on sales of between 3.3 and 3.4 billion euros after reporting a 23-percent rise in first quarter operatin profit to 56.4 million euros .
RATIONAL
Indicated 0.1 percent higher
Q1 results due . EBIT seen up 17 percent at 37.7 million euros . Poll :
OSRAM
No indication available
The group published detailed Q2 results , with net profit coming to 79 million euros . It had already published revenue and core profit margin figures on Tuesday and hiked its guidance .
MORPHOSYS
Indicated 0.1 percent lower
The group reported its EBIT loss widened to 14.9 million euros , in line with analyst consensus .
QIAGEN
No indication available
The genetic testing company confirmed its full-year 2017 guidance of 6-7 percent currency-adjusted sales growth and adjusted earnings per share of $ 1.25- $ 1.27 after first-quarter adjusted net income rose 6 percent to $ 47.8 million .
S & T
Indicated 1.9 percent higher
The group said it would raise capital by way of contribution in kind to its planned Kontron merger .
XING
Indicated 0.6 percent lower
The group reported a 15 percent jump in first-quarter EBITDA to 12 million euros .
GRAMMER
Indicated 0.1 percent lower
Commenting on a dispute with investor Hastor , Chief executive Hartmut Mueller said they would resign if they were the problem , but that they wanted to know what the investor 's plan was first , according to an interview in Handelsblatt .
GRENKE
No indication available
The company said its net profit jumped by 28 percent in the first quarter and affirmed its full-year guidance .
WASHTEC
Indicated 1.5 percent higher
Q1 results due . The group hiked its 2017 guidance on April 7 , citing strong order intake in the previous weeks .
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS
ALLIANZ - 7.60 eur/shr dividend proposed
COMMERZBANK - no dividend proposed
COVESTRO - 1.35 eur/shr dividend proposed
RATIONAL - 10 eur/shr dividend proposed
WASHTEC - 2.10 eur/shr dividend proposed
ANALYSTS ' VIEWS
MTU AERO ENGINES - JP Morgan cuts to `` neutral '' from `` overweight ''
NEMETSCHEK - Baader Helvea Bank cuts to `` hold '' from `` buy '' , price target 65 euros
AUMANN - Berenberg starts with `` hold '' , 65 euros price target . Citigroup starts with `` neutral '' rating , 67.9 euros price target
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones +0.2 pct , S & P 500 +0.1 pct , Nasdaq +0.1 pct at close .
Japanese markets closed , Shanghai stocks -0.4 pct .
Time : 6.04 GMT .
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
German April jobless figures due at 0800 GMT . Seen -12,000 seasonally adjusted , with the unemployment rate flat at 5.8 pct .
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS ( $ 1 = 0.9150 euros ) ( Reporting by Emma Thomasson and Maria Sheahan )
By Gabriel Ewepu
ABUJA- A group called African Youth Network for Sustainable Development , AYNSD , Wednesday , hailed the Minister of State for Petroleum , Ibe Kachikwu , over youth development and empowerment programmes .
This was stated by the National Coordinator , AYNSD , Thomas Onyekachi , who said the initiative by Kachickwu has made great impact in the lives of young people in Delta State and other states .
Onyekachi said their organization have assessed the impact made on young people over the years by the Minister , deemed it fit to commend them for adding value to the lives of the youths who are now productive and self-reliant .
They said : “ The asset and hope of any country lies on the youth because they are vibrant and with great potential to take the nation to greater heights if supported and given the opportunity by harnessing their talents and potential .
“ This is very important to the survival and development of any country . Young people are the catalysts of positive development of the country . The Nigerian youth is doing well on their won and are aspiring to move the nation forward .
“ We in African Youth Network for Sustainable Development , AYNSD , is a nongovernmental organization that have the mandate to assist young people to actualize their dreams and aspirations .
“ We also want to state that there are Nigerians who believe in young peoples 's development and greatness , and they have demonstrated it in several ways to add value the lives of the Nigerian youth . One of such personalities is the Hon Minister of State for Petroleum Resources , Dr Emmanuel Ibe Kachikwu .
“ The Minister is a man with a loving and large heart who also have made tremendous effort to add value to the lives of young people with several developmental and empowerment programmes that have now made young people productive and self-reliant .
“ We are not just out to praise sing them but we did our assessment independently to come out to tell the people in Nigeria the uncommon impact the Minister has made . Indeed , they are a father and humble man . We appreciate them for their laudable and noble work they are doing to give the lives of youth a meaning in Delta State and other states as well .
According to Onyekachi the Minister 's has been passionate about empowerment of youths and has never failed to use every opportunity at their disposal to promote their ideas .
They also urged young people to be innovative and creative in order for them to positively grow and develop themselves so they can be supported also by well meaning Nigerians .
They added that with the 2019 elections approaching young people should be matured in their reasoning and imagination for them not to be used by unscrupulous politicians who do not involve their children to perpetrate violence and election manipulation .
March 28 Ailleron SA :
* Said on Monday that Fundusz IIF SA and Fundusz IIF Ventures BV have started an accelerated book building process to sell up to 1.2 million shares representing 7.35 pct of votes of the company
* Dom Maklerski Noble Securities SA is coordinating the accelerated book building process
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
New Delhi : In the latest advisory issued by the Ministry of Infrormation & Broadcasting on Monday , TV channels would have to restrict showing condom ads between 6 am and 10 pm.As per the advisory issued , these ads are unhealthy for children and create ‘ unhealthy practices ' among children. “ It has been brought to the notice of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting that some channels carry advertisements of condoms repeatedly which are alleged to be indecent especially for children , ” the notice read.The ministry discussed 1994 banning of inappropriate “ advertisement which endangers the safety of children or create in them any interest in unhealthy practices or shows them begging or in an undignified or indecent manner. ” “ In view of the above , all TV channels are hereby advised not to telecast the advertisements of condoms which are for a particular age group and could be indecent/inappropriate for viewing by children . Indecent , vulgar , suggestive , repulsive or offensive themes or treatment shall be avoided in all advertisements.The order comes after the Advertising Standards Council of India ( ASCI ) requested the ministry earlier this month to take a call on such ads and their telecast timing .
By Urvashi Goenka March 28 Most Southeast Asian stocks recovered on Tuesday from the previous session 's losses , in line with broader Asia , as investors pinned their hopes on U.S. President Donald Trump 's stimulus plans after the healthcare policy setback . Singapore led the gains , rising nearly 1 percent as financials such as DBS Group Holdings Ltd gained as much as 1.6 percent and Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp added 1 percent . MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose as much 0.7 percent . Investors need to monitor Trump 's policies closely , because they are not easing concerns , said Teerada Charnyingyong , an analyst with Phillip Securities Thailand , adding the president 's policy moves will be in focus at least until the next Federal Reserve meeting . Shares of Singapore Post Ltd , the city-state 's e-commerce logistics service provider , rose as much as 1.5 percent , after it signed a property management agreement with a unit of CapitaLand Ltd to manage a retail mall . CapitaLand gained 1.4 percent . Gains in consumer discretionary and utility sectors buoyed Malaysian stocks , which rose as much as 0.7 percent , with YTL Corp and Genting Bhd gaining 0.7 percent and 1.6 percent , respectively . Thai index rose as much as 0.5 percent , helped by gains industrial and financial stocks . `` The only positive news right now is the fund inflow , maybe from the strengthening of the baht , so that will be a little bit positive sentiment to cushion the market , '' Charnyingyong said . Thailand 's central bank , facing hurdles to changing monetary policy , on Wednesday will likely keep its benchmark rate where it has been for nearly two years , economists polled by Reuters forecast . Philippines rose as much as 0.8 percent , supported by financial and industrial stocks . BDO Unibank Inc rose as much as 2.1 percent , while Metropolitan Bank and Trust Co added 2.5 percent . Bucking the trend , Vietnam fell as much as 0.3 percent , hurt by financial and consumer staple stocks . Indonesia was closed for the holiday . For Asian Companies click ; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS : CHANGE AT 0532 GMT Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3153.95 3126.88 0.9 Bangkok 1576.17 1570.5 0.4 Manila 7282.43 7245.97 0.5 Kuala Lumpur 1749.64 1744.95 0.3 Ho Chi Minh 722.01 723.52 -0.2 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3153.95 2880.76 9.5 Bangkok 1576.17 1542.94 2.2 Manila 7282.43 6840.64 6.5 Jakarta 5541.202 5296.711 4.6 Kuala Lumpur 1749.64 1641.73 6.6 Ho Chi Minh 722.01 664.87 8.6 For Asian Companies click ; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS ( Reporting by Urvashi Goenka in Bengaluru ; Additional reporting by Sindhu Chandrasekaran ; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri )
Ruth is the human interest reporter and a photographer for the Bay of Plenty Times .
Kristie Purton is on the active waiting list for a lung transplant .
The mother of three moved across to the list a week ago .
Them sister , Nikki Reynolds-Wilson , had a lung transplant in the middle of last year .
The two women were born with cystic fibrosis .
They became local identities , known as the `` cystic sisters '' , after completing two rounds of 65 good deeds to raise awareness of the condition .
Read more : Battlers determined to enjoy life to the fullest
Cystic fibrosis sufferer gets their new lungs
Cystic sister , home after lung transplant
After an eight-hour lung transplant operation on August 10 last year , Mrs Reynolds-Wilson was placed in intensive care for three days . They were then hospitalised for three weeks , followed by three weeks in Hearty Towers in Green Lane for recovery .
They had been on the active waiting list for 18 months .
Mrs Purton said on April 10 it was confirmed they were moved across to the active waiting list .
`` As soon as the right donor comes along they will phone me and within two hours they want me on the road to the hospital , '' they told the Bay of Plenty Times .
Continued below .
Related Content Body found off Tauranga coast Tauranga singer thrilled to be selected for NZ Youth Choir Police remain tight-lipped about Maketu mystery
They were excited at the thought of the call but nervous at the same time , they said .
`` It makes it all so real . . . I want new lungs but I do n't because it is my last hope and if anything goes wrong with them . . . ''
Life was hard at the moment , they said .
`` I ca n't do anything with the kids , no physical activity any more . I just sit around , which get me down because I was such an active person .
`` I have seen what Nikki is like now and they can actually live and do stuff . I ca n't even go for a bike ride with the kids any more . Those are the things I love . I will be happy to do that again . ''
Them condition has become increasingly worse over the past three months , with their lungs operating between 20 and 30 per cent .
Mrs Purton was not allowed to go out of cellphone coverage , and has a bag packed ready for the phone call which would change their lives .
The sisters would co-ordinate 65 good deeds again this year , they said .
OUAGADOUGOU : Security forces in Burkina Faso 's capital ended an assault Monday against suspected jihadists who opened fire on a restaurant in a “ terrorist attack ” that left at least 18 people dead , the government said . The attack that began Sunday night in a Turkish restaurant popular with foreigners also left a dozen people injured . Two assailants were later killed , Communications Minister Remis Dandjinou said . It was not clear how many gunmen were involved . “ The operation has ended ” but searches are continuing in the Ouagadougou neighborhood around the restaurant , Dandjinou told a press briefing carried on social media . The Istanbul restaurant is just 200 meters from a hotel and cafe targeted in an assault in January 2016 that left 30 people dead and 71 wounded , many of them foreigners . That attack was claimed by the Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) group .
AFP
Getting the dirt on `` organic ''
FULTON - With holidays around the corner , grocery stores are seeing more people come in to stock up .
Farmers and institutions are meeting up in Kansas City for a KC Healthy Kids meeting regarding their “ Carrot Gold ” program .
Kim Harrison , of Harrison Family Farms in Fulton , is representing the agriculture community from Mid-Missouri at the coalition meeting .
They said KC Healthy Kids is “ actively involved with getting institutions , school , hospitals , restaurants , to commit to at least a ten percent purchase of local foods . ”
One of their topics of discussion Monday is organic food and how it 's produced .
“ Organic is a part of having better , healthier , more nutritious food available to a wider group of people , ” Harrison said .
However , Harrison said sometimes people are unaware of how organic products are labeled .
Some organic foods are grown through hydroponics or aquaponics . Hydroponics is when vegetables are grown without soil , in trays of nutrient solution . Aquaponics is the combination of aquaculture ( snails , fish , crawfish , etc . ) with hydroponics , according to the Aquaponic Source .
Therefore , not every organic item is grown out in a field with soil .
“ There are so many layers and there are so many political impacts on what can be defined as organic , ” Harrison said . “ The best thing to do is to find avenues to educate . ''
Clover 's is an example of a Mid-Missouri store that uses the `` farm to table '' mentality and has for years .
Sidonie Burton , a Clover 's customer and former organic farmer , said one of the biggest ways to support the organic industry is by spending that extra dollar on organic greens . When government money falls short , it 's nice to have local support , they said .
`` Legislation here is not friendly to organic growers in the same manner that it is in other states like Maine and California , ” Burton said .
Despite the expensive cost , Burton and Harrison both said the long term effects of eating organic are overwhelmingly beneficial .
“ Yes , it does cost more to put an organic item into the shopping cart but the health benefits that a result of consistently eating food with fewer chemicals has an absolutely document-able cost savings as far as healthcare , ” Harrison said .
Aside from health , eating organic has other benefits as well in Burton 's eyes .
`` I think it 's important for everyone . From the point of view of environment , from the point of view of the local monetary system , from the point of view of how it impacts employment , ” Burton said .
For people interested in buying organic food , Harrison recommends searching for local or regional sources where you can look at the website and talk to the farmer .
“ What they 're producing , they 're feeding their family and sharing with you , ” they said .
Dustless Technologies announces new Universal-Fit Dust Control Shroud for Worm Drive and Hypoid Circular Saws 1 2 3 4 DustBuddie for Worm Drive Saws - D4000 Universal shroud fits most major brands Stainless steel bottom & non-marking wheels are lightweight , durable , and smooth OSHA Compliant shroud keeps you & the workplace safe and clean PRICE , Utah - Aug. 14 , 2017 - PRLog -- Today , Dustless Technologies® announced that they have expanded their DustBuddie® line of universal-fit dust-control shrouds to work with worm drive and hypoid circular saws . The DustBuddie for 7-¼ '' Worm Drive Circular Saws™ is designed to capture harmful silica dust without using water . It captures dust at the point-of-origin , eliminating the messy and dangerous airborne dust created when cutting concrete and stone .
Complies with OSHA 's new Silica Rule
This shroud has been third-party tested and verified to comply with OSHA 's Silica Rule and will keep the jobsite safe , clean , and regulation-compliant when used with a vacuum with sufficient air-flow and filtration , such as the Dustless Technologies ' Wet+Dry or HEPA vacuums .
Patent-pending Features Make Dangerous Work Safer and Easier
The design of the new DustBuddie allows users to maintain a clear line-of-sight to the blade , a feature lacking on other shrouds . Six non-marking wheels allow the shroud and saw to glide over the work surface , delivering straighter cuts while the optimized airflow chamber provides great dust collection .
It also features a simple hook-and-loop method of installation , requiring no tools and taking just seconds . The shroud body is made of a special blend of polycarbonate & ABS and is shielded by a stainless-steel base plate . It 's lightweight and durable , giving you dust-free cutting job after job . The hose port accomodates two different standard cuff sizes .
`` Our goal was to help builders get work done faster while also protecting them from dangerous silica dust . Whether cutting expansion lines , scoring concrete for demolition and/or repair , or cutting stone countertops , the DustBuddie for 7-¼ '' Worm Drive and Hypoid Circular Saws will be an asset on the jobsite . Like all Dustless products , it cleans as you work , saving time and money '' , said Kendall Hansen , who led the design project .
For a closer look at features , and to see it in action , see :
Universal Fit
Consistent with the Dustless design philosophy , this new shroud is designed to work with as many major brand circular saw models as possible . Many companies try to persuade users to buy all new power tools in order to comply with OSHA 's new silica rule . Dustless knows that most contractors already have perfectly good power tools , and is on a mission to help them enjoy a Dustless work environment without breaking the bank .
Testimonial
`` I had to cut a new garage floor today and had a chance to try out my DustBuddie . Talk about slick ! In the past , after cutting a floor , I would have dust all over . My clothes would be trashed and I would need a shower to clean the concrete dust out of my hair . Not today . I just wish they had come out with this 20 years ago . '' – John Rugg , a contractor in Salt Lake City , Utah .
About Dustless Technologies
Headquartered in the small mining community of Price , Utah , Dustless Technologies has helped keep job sites free of harmful dust since 1997 , and homes free of fine wood ash since 1988 . More information about the DustBuddie for 7-¼ '' Worm Drive Circular Saws ( part # D4000 ) and others can be found at
Contact
Ryan Owens
* * * @ dustlesstools.com
Photos :
https : //www.prlog.org/ 12653577/1
https : //www.prlog.org/ 12653577/2
https : //www.prlog.org/ 12653577/3
https : //www.prlog.org/ 12653577/4 Ryan Owens End -- Today , Dustless Technologiesannounced that they have expanded their DustBuddieline of universal-fit dust-control shrouds to work with worm drive and hypoid circular saws . The DustBuddie for 7-¼ '' Worm Drive Circular Saws™ is designed to capture harmful silica dust without using water . It captures dust at the point-of-origin , eliminating the messy and dangerous airborne dust created when cutting concrete and stone.This shroud has been third-party tested and verified to comply with OSHA 's Silica Rule and will keep the jobsite safe , clean , and regulation-compliant when used with a vacuum with sufficient air-flow and filtration , such as the Dustless Technologies ' Wet+Dry or HEPA vacuums.The design of the new DustBuddie allows users to maintain a clear line-of-sight to the blade , a feature lacking on other shrouds . Six non-marking wheels allow the shroud and saw to glide over the work surface , delivering straighter cuts while the optimized airflow chamber provides great dust collection.It also features a simple hook-and-loop method of installation , requiring no tools and taking just seconds . The shroud body is made of a special blend of polycarbonate & ABS and is shielded by a stainless-steel base plate . It 's lightweight and durable , giving you dust-free cutting job after job . The hose port accomodates two different standard cuffs sizes . `` , said Kendall Hansen , who led the design project.For a closer look at features , and to see it in action , see : http : //www.dustlesstools.com/ productdetails/ D4000/Cutting ... Consistent with the Dustless design philosophy , this new shroud is designed to work with as many major brand circular saw models as possible . Many companies try to persuade users to buy all new power tools in order to comply with OSHA 's new silica rule . Dustless knows that most contractors already have perfectly good power tools , and is on a mission to help them enjoy a Dustless work environment without breaking the bank.– John Rugg , a contractor in Salt Lake City , Utah.Headquartered in the small mining community of Price , Utah , Dustless Technologies has helped keep job sites free of harmful dust since 1997 , and homes free of fine wood ash since 1988 . More information about the DustBuddie for 7-¼ '' Worm Drive Circular Saws ( part # D4000 ) and others can be found at www.DustlessTools.com Source : Dustless Technologies Email : * * * @ dustlesstools.com Posted By : * * * @ dustlesstools.com Tags : Osha , Silica , Circular Saw , Dust , Shroud , Concrete , Collection , Expansion Lines , Scoring , Cutting Industry : Construction , Consumer , Hobbies , Industrial , Manufacturing Location : Price - Utah - United States Subject : Products Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number
SEOUL , March 30 South Korea 's department and discount store sales in February declined due to distortions stemming from the Lunar New Year holiday , trade ministry data showed on Thursday .
Combined sales in February at department stores run by Hyundai Department Store , Lotte Shopping and Shinsegae Co fell 1.3 percent from a year earlier , the Ministry of Trade , Industry and Energy said .
In January , sales rose 4.6 percent on-year , the fastest pace of growth in three months .
The same data showed sales at discount stores plunged 19.5 percent from a year ago in February , reversing and taking back more than the 11.3 percent jump seen in January .
It was the worst fall since a 23.1 percent drop in February 2014 .
Retail sales tend to rise around Lunar New Year , but the holiday can fall anywhere between mid-January to mid-February , resulting in data distortions around that period .
The holiday occurred in late January this year and in 2015 it was in mid-February .
At department stores in February , demand for women 's apparel and luxury products nearly offset declines in food , the trade ministry said . Sales for all categories fell at discount stores last month . ( Reporting by Christine Kim ; Editing by Shri Navaratnam )
HYDERABAD , India ( AP ) `` Defending champions Sunrisers Hyderabad endured opening batsman Manan Vohra 's late charge to beat Kings XI Punjab by five runs in a nail-biting Indian Premier League match on Monday .
Vohra blazed 95 off 50 balls before they were undone by Bhuvneshwar Kumar 's fast yorker in the 19th over , as Kings XI were bowled out for 154 with two balls to spare .
Sunrisers made 159-6 . Captain David Warner lost the toss and was put in to bat first , and batted throughout the 20 overs for an unbeaten 70 off 54 balls .
`` My heart is still pounding . T20 is a game where you must expect the unexpected , '' said Kumar , who took 5-19 . `` Warner and I had planned to bowl straight yorkers and it worked . ''
Earlier , IPL leaders Kolkata Knight Riders beat Delhi Daredevils by four wickets for their fourth win in five matches .
Knight Riders edge Mumbai Indians on net run-rate . Sunrisers are third overall .
Kumar struck in their first two overs and spinners Rashid Khan and Mohammad Nabi ran through the middle order with three quick wickets as Kings XI struggled to 82-6 in the 14th over .
But Vohra did n't give up and smashed 21 runs off medium-pacer Barinder Sran in the 15th over , then hit Rashid for 20 in the next over with two fours and two sixes .
Vohra was dropped on 83 by Shikhar Dhawan at deep cover off Kumar , but the medium-pacer dismissed three batsmen in their return spell of two overs and became the leading IPL wicket-taker with 15 from five matches .
Earlier , Manish Pandey hit an unbeaten 69 off 49 deliveries as Knight Riders chased down 169-6 with a ball to spare against the Daredevils .
Yusuf Pathan , 59 , and Pandey batted resolutely and combined for 110 runs for the fourth wicket off 72 balls after Daredevils captain Zaheer Khan , 2-28 , struck in their first two overs to reduce Knight Riders to 21-3 .
Continued below .
Related Content Record percentage of big leaguers born outside 50 states NHL ices Olympics , says no to 2018 Games in South Korea US finalizes playing June 8 Trinidad qualifier in Colorado
Yusuf hit six fours and two sixes before they top-edged Chris Morris ' short delivery . Knight Riders still needed 38 off 31 balls .
Suryakumar Yadav could n't handle the pressure before they drove an easy catch to Zaheer off Pat Cummins , 2-39 , as Daredevils dragged themselves back into the game with nine required off the last over .
Chris Woakes was stumped next ball . Pandey smashed legspinner Cummins over long on for a six and ran two runs to complete the target .
Nathan Coulter-Nile made an impressive IPL debut for Knight Riders with 3-22 after captain Gautam Gambhir won the toss and opted to field first .
The Daredevils struggled at 110-4 in 15 overs until teen Rishabh Pant , 38 off 16 balls , hammered three sixes and two fours in medium-pacer Umesh Yadav 's 16th over that lifted the total to 168-7 .
Coulter-Nile could have added the wicket of Chris Morris on 16 , but they were first dropped by Yadav , and Gambhir missed an easy catch at covers in the 19th over .
On Tuesday , bottom sides Gujarat Lions and Royal Challengers Bangalore meet at Rajkot .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool striker Mo Salah is a man in demand - so much so that Barcelona and Real Madrid are eyeing a £200m swoop for the Egyptian .
A report in The Sun suggests that the two clubs have made them a number one target for the Summer .
The two Spanish giants are leading the chase for the Liverpool sensation , who is the top goalscorer in Europe 's top leagues this season .
The report states that both Spanish clubs want to break the world transfer record for the man who has 37 goals in 43 matches for club and
Gomez
Joe Gomez has played themselves into England contention with a series of fine displays for Liverpool this season .
The 20-year-old defender missed virtually all of last season following a serious knee injury but he 's fought their way back into contention and has been playing regularly this season .
Gomez , who joined Liverpool from Charlton three years ago , is currently captain of England 's under-21 team and made their senior debut last year .
Their showings in the Premier League and Champions League under Jurgen Klopp this term have many people thinking Gomez is a certainty to be on the plane to Russia .
And the bookmakers appear to agree with Gomez at 10/11 to be included in Gareth Southgate 's 23-man party headed for Russia .
Gomez has shown their versatility to play at right-back this season and they appear well suited to the right central defensive role in England 's three-man defence .
Traditionally , England hopefuls learn their fate shortly after the Premier League season ends in May .
Humiliation
We 've all seen Mohamed Salah rip apart the Premier League this season , but how hard it when you 're the man tasked with stopping him ?
Well , Watford 's Miguel Britos has gone some way to explain .
In an interview with the official club wesite , Britos admitted that Salah left them feeling ‘ very tired ' as they banged in four goals during Liverpool 's 5-0 thrasing of the Hornets on Saturday .
The 32-year-old defender also apologised to fans for the display in an open and honest interview following their return from a spell out injured .
“ Everyone is upset , angry as well because we did n't play the way we wanted or prepared , ” they told Watford 's official website .
“ It 's hard to lose like that . Especially me after three months out .
“ I did a lot of mistakes and I want to forget this game as quickly as possibly and to prepare for the next game at home for three points .
“ Salah is very strong player , very quick , they played on my side and today we defended with a five- three and they were always wider on my side .
“ So a lot of times I had to run with them one-to-one and it 's normal he 's quicker than me and today they were good .
“ I 'm very tired , like I said before maybe the first two three sprints after that I was in a rush , I needed to breathe , the intensity of the match was very high , because they started very strong , pressing us higher and it was very , very difficult for me today .
“ I think we have to learn about this , try harder - it 's the only way .
“ I want to say sorry for the fans because they come so far and thank you for their support and I feel sorry for the result . ”
Klopp on Salah
Mo Salah 's blistering form has taken Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp by surprise as they admitted they did n't think the Egyptian would be this good , report The Mirror .
The striker took their tally to 36 for the season with four goals in the 5-0 win over Watford on Saturday - the most ever for a player in their first Reds season .
Klopp told said that Salah 's form at previous club Roma , where they played slightly behind a tall frontman , was not as prolific saying :
“ He played more on the wing in Rome for example where they had a very dominant striker in Edin Dzeko .
“ Nobody could know ( that they could play as a striker ) . We learnt it step by step . We did n't know exactly that he 's ( capable ) of playing in the centre . He 's had games . It 's normal when you 're 1-0 up and you leave them in the centre with the counter-attack .
“ We will not treat them like , ‘ You do n't have to train , Mo – just come on Saturday for the game and we 'll see you there at Anfield or whatever ' .
“ He does n't want that . He 's exactly in the moment of their career but they know there is a lot for them to come . They want to learn and they want to improve .
“ When did we realise they could play in the centre ? It was early . Without consistency we could n't know but in the pre-season we knew . ”
While Salah drew plaudits for their goals , the Liverpool winger also prompted applause from several team-mates and an appreciative Klopp on the touchline for tracking back to prevent a Watford attack during the first half .
“ I think there was one situation in the first half – they do n't love defending as they love attacking but he 's still involved , ” said Klopp of Salah 's defensive duties . “ Thank God to Roberto ( Firmino ) that he 's doing all of these things without thinking .
“ He ( Salah ) does it . But sometimes they need a little ... ( reminder ) . A lot of my players need that .
“ It 's not that we speak about it . Do n't misunderstand me , it 's only a thing , it 's not exactly the same strength . If you talk about Roberto , Roberto loves running in that ( forward ) direction , and chasing the players . If I said to him , ‘ Stop it ' . They could n't .
“ He runs all the time but then Mo did n't stop as well tonight in the other direction . They took each sprint like the 100 metre final in the Olympic Games . That 's what I mean , the team adapts to the strengths .
“ You need to learn as a team , ‘ Where is he ? ' because there is n't always time for searching . That 's all . It 's normal work .
“ What you have to do is what we did ( with Salah ) . You have to bring them more often in the positions where they can score or be involved in games .
“ He 's not only a striker , and whatever only a striker is , only a finisher . It 's not like they are not involved in anything else . He 's a very interesting package . ”
Salah 's thoughts
Mohamed Salah apologised to Watford goalkeeper Orestis Karnezis after firing four goals past them in Liverpool 's 5-0 victory .
Salah was in such clinical form that they felt compelled to say sorry to the Hornets stopper after their starring role at Anfield .
They were seen mouthing the apology to Karnezis at the final whistle .
The Egyptian 's record-breaking season shows no signs of slowing down as their tally put them in pole position for the Premier League 's golden boot .
Their first hat-trick for the club took their haul to 36 for the campaign and their 28 in the top flight – four better than Tottenham 's injured Harry Kane – is the best in Europe 's big five leagues .
Not far behind is Roberto Firmino , who marked the best goalscoring season of their career with an exquisite backheel for their 23rd in all competitions against a Hornets side who presented little challenge as Liverpool bounced back from last weekend 's defeat at Old Trafford .
With Manchester United and Tottenham both involved in FA Cup action , Jurgen Klopp 's side moved back into third place , two points either side of their top-four rivals .
It was Salah who stole the show again with their opener after four minutes drawing comparisons with Barcelona 's Lionel Messi – and not for the first time .
The £38million summer signing exchanged passes with Sadio Mane before chasing down the ball in the penalty area and setting off on one of those driving , jinking runs which inevitably leaves defenders on their backside .
Miguel Britos was the unfortunate victim on this occasion , getting a worm 's eye view as Salah fired an angled shot past Orestis Karnezis to become the third Liverpool player to score at least 25 Premier League goals in a single season after Luis Suarez ( 2013-14 ) and Robbie Fowler ( 1995-96 and 1994-95 ) .
It was a goal so good it required a second look and many of Liverpool 's substitutes left their seats on the bench to view it on a pitchside monitor .
If that was good the goal which completed their hat-trick was even better and similarly Messi-esque .
Mane cut in from the right to feed the ball in and despite being surrounded by defenders and falling over Salah somehow managed to conjure a low shot inside the far post .
The middle goal of their treble two minutes before half-time was less individual and more team-orientated as the ever-improving £8million bargain-buy Andrew Robertson exchanged passes with Mane before sliding in a cross which Salah could not fail to convert .
Even at that stage it appeared the game was beyond the visitors , but Firmino made sure five minutes into the second half when they backheeled Salah 's near-post cross through their legs and inside the far post , eclipsing their previous career best of 22 for Hoffenheim in 2013-14 .
Roberto Pereya 's inswinging free-kick on to the top of the crossbar was Watford 's only moment of respite as the red tide continued to crash forward and with it , inevitably , came more Salah goals .
After completing their hat-trick with some penalty area trickery the Egyptian rifled home substitute Danny Ings ' rebounded shot to become the first Liverpool player since Suarez against Norwich in December 2013 to net four times in a single game .
Independence- Day- finalbanner
Media Contact
Shekar Nair
8452827999
shekhar.nair @ afydecor.com Shekar Nair8452827999
End
-- Afydecor , a high-end online furniture store is celebrating 71Independence Day by giving customers a double saving offer with a touch of nostalgia . Their Independence Day Sale runs till 16August 2017 . To make this celebration special they are offering , especially , to new customers up to 26 % off on all furniture with an additional cash discount of ₹1947.On the celebration of 71 years of Independence , Afydecor encourages everyone to take note and celebrate Indian craftsmanship . One of the best ways is to get a handmade furniture , Made in India by skilled artisans . Afydecor specialises in handmade wooden furniture and part of their initiative and effort extends new customers the opportunity to own handcrafted furniture . They are giving up to 26 % off on their entire furniture range with an added cash discount of ₹1947 to make this Independence Day all the more special.Speaking of special . 1947 , the year India became an Independent state is a very significant year in our country 's rich history and a momentous one too . As a mark of respect and nostalgia , Afydecor is giving a modest but memorable amount of ₹1947 as cash discount above the up to 26 % off . Customers can avail the cash discount on purchases above ₹30,000.Furthermore , Afydecor is offering free design consultation . This gives customers opportunity to design their own dream furniture with the help of their expert interior designers . Make your dream of having a practical and beautiful home interior a reality . One can customise their existing pieces to their taste and preference.This double offer is applicable on all their premium furniture products including their best sellers , which include dining sets , sofas and accent chairs . To name one of the categories , Chesterfield sofas designed in classic and contemporary style is in trend this year . This sofa is popular for its beautiful tufts , flared arms like a blooming flower and ornate legs . It is available in classic , contemporary , and modern style.Visit their site to explore their wide range of beautiful handmade wooden furniture , available in various international designs and style . The double offer is now live at https : //www.afydecor.com Afydecor is a premium online furniture store established in 2015 . They specialise in international style furniture that divides its catalogues into Contemporary , Transitional , Modern and Classic styles . They make wooden furniture to complement each space at home , right from living area to bedrooms and more . Dealing in niche category of wooden furniture , Afydecor 's proficient artisans handcraft furniture that is beautiful and durable . They offer custom furniture services , free design consultation , Pan India shipping and free product assembly . Easy EMIs available .
MU 's First Smoke-free Semester in the Books
COLUMBIA - This week marks the end of the first smoke-free semester at the University of Missouri and campus officials are already looking forward .
The campus went smoke free July 1 , after officials elected to bump the start date up from January 1 , 2014 . Campus public relations representative , Christian Basi said the school has already seen big changes .
`` Talking to folks across campus , anecdotally we have seen evidence of a significant drop-off in the number of people smoking , which is exactly what we were hoping to see , '' Basi said .
Basi said even with the improvement , there are still some choosing to smoke on campus . It 's something Basi said has had a simple solution .
`` Very often , many of the smoke who you might find smoking on campus are either unaware of the policy or they might be visitors , '' said Basi . `` So just by simply informing them of the policy , most people are more than happy to go ahead and extinguish their cigarettes . ''
Going forward , school officials plan to work on better enforcing the policy .
`` At some point , we 'll be stepping back and saying is this an area that we need to make a change to , are we seeing areas where we are seeing a lot of folks congregate , maybe they do n't know that that 's part of University property , '' said Basi .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says 200,000 people are diagnosed with lung cancer every year and 150,000 dice from the disease .
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , U.S. , April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK Do n't look for the outperformance of growth stocks to fade any time soon , as long as corporate earnings continue to improve and hopes remain for stronger economic growth .
The Russell 1000 Growth index .RLG , which tracks such shares , is up 10.9 percent so far this year , outpacing the U.S. benchmark S & P 500 stock index 's 6.6 percent rise and the 2.8 percent advance of the Russell 1000 Value index .RLV .
And it 's not just a U.S. phenomenon . Growth stocks - whose profits are expected to grow at a faster pace than the broader market - are also outperforming their value counterparts in Asia and Europe . Still , the appeal of riskier stocks perceived as better positioned to ride an accelerating global earnings tailwind , as opposed to those with a greater cushion of safety , is nowhere as far ahead as it is on Wall Street .
In the United States , an improving outlook for corporate earnings should help keep growth names in vogue , according to John Praveen , chief investment strategist at Prudential International Investments Advisers LLC in Newark , New Jersey .
The average estimate of analysts for earnings per share growth this year of S & P 500 companies has risen to 11.3 percent from 10.9 percent at the start of the month , according to Thomson Reuters data , a trend that should continue to blunt concerns about lofty growth valuations .
`` When you have an earnings recovery , growth stocks will outperform . When you do n't have good earnings , that 's when people are looking for value , '' said Praveen .
Hopes for pro-business U.S. policy changes under the administration of President Donald Trump will likely also keep expectations for economic growth elevated , helping to maintain the case for growth stocks .
`` The value stocks have done okay but growth has done so much better in the anticipation we 'll see a pickup in economic growth , '' said Paul Nolte , portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago . `` Companies that are going to be more levered to economic growth tend to be growth stocks . ''
`` Right now I do n't see a long term condition for value stocks to outperform growth , '' said Nolte .
To be sure , some strategists are less convinced that growth stock outperformance will continue indefinitely .
While value stocks , which are cheaper relative to their earnings potential , have tended to do better in slower growth environments historically , JP Morgan Asset Management 's global market strategist David Lebovitz says that trend has been changing .
`` It 's not going to be smooth sailing for one or the other . We think there 'll be times people are more optimistic about the economy and in those cases , value can rally . Then you 'll see periods where people are less optimistic about the economy , as we 've seen over the course of the first quarter , '' they said .
If economic trends look better in the second quarter , value stocks will do better , Lebovitz said .
In Asia , the MSCI AC Asia ex Japan growth index .MIAX0000GPUS , is up 18.5 percent so far this year , compared with a 12.6 percent gain for the comparable MSCI value index .MIAX0000VPUS .
Investment in India , traditionally a growth-driven market , has adjusted in recent years as value stocks have narrowed the gap with growth , which still lead , said Jayesh Shroff , co-founder of investment advisory Cask Capital in Mumbai .
`` That is because people were paying a premium for growth and somehow the growth did not materialize . That 's why value came back and growth has taken a slight back seat , '' said Shroff . Still , they said as soon as growth returns , they expect investors to switch their focus back from value .
In China , between 2009 and the 2015 stock market crash , small-cap growth stocks were the market 's darlings , but `` a new rotation into value blue-chip investments started in 2016 , ” according to Zhou Liang , fund manager at Shanghai Minority Asset Management Co .
“ In 2017 , money will flow into blue-chips , as small-caps weaken and lose their luster , ” said Zhou .
In Europe , the best outlook for corporate profits in seven years has ignited investor appetite for growth stocks , which are now up twice as much as their value counterparts so far this year , a reversal of the trend seen last year .
As a result the MSCI International Europe growth Index .MIEUOOOOGPEU has jumped 8.9 percent this year so far , compared with a 4.5 percent gain for the MSCI International Europe Value index .MIEUOOOOVPEU .
With such a big gap between U.S. growth and value stocks , some investors are eying overseas investments .
`` The entire U.S. market is very expensive . Value investors definitely do n't like to chase expensive valuations , '' said Michael O'Rourke , chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich , Connecticut . `` I would n't expect to see a rotation until you saw a correction where both stock types are lower . ''
( Additional reporting by Abhirup Roy in Mumbai , Samuel Shen in Shanghai , Helen Reid in London ; Editing by Dan Burns and Bernadette Baum )
Ultra-Orthodox Jewish boys play soccer on a court in the Israeli settlement of Modiin Illit in the occupied West Bank March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen
Batsheva Reback stands in their kitchen in their home in Modiin , Israel March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen
FILE PHOTO : Israeli youth gather near homes in the Israeli settlement of Ofra , in the occupied West Bank February 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : The West Bank Jewish settlement of Ofra is photographed as seen from the Jewish settler outpost of Amona in the occupied West Bank , October 20 , 2016 . The Palestinian village of Silwad is seen in the background . REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File Photo
Ultra-Orthodox Jewish boys play soccer on a court in the Israeli settlement of Modiin Illit in the occupied West Bank March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen
Buildings under construction are seen in this general view picture of the Israeli settlement of Efrat , in the occupied West Bank March 26 , 2017 . Picture taken March 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun
A playground is seen in this general view picture of the Israeli settlement of Modiin Illit in the occupied West Bank March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen
BEITAR ILLIT , West Bank After five years , Batsheva Reback could n't take living in an Israeli settlement in the occupied West Bank any longer .
Despite renting a house with a garden for far less than it would cost in Israel itself , it did n't make sense . Them new apartment in Israel may be small , but unlike where they used to live it has a supermarket and a clinic nearby , it 's a quicker commute to work and they feel their children are safer .
`` It 's easier to get things done , '' said the 26-year-old kindergarten assistant , adding that the decision was not based on expedience alone . `` I started feeling uncomfortable living in a settlement . Personally , I do n't think building more and more settlements is going to help bring peace . ''
To the world , the narrative on settlements often reads one way : more of them being built , with more settlers moving in . But there are cracks in the picture , and signs Reback 's perspective is not uncommon - settlers are getting fed up .
Statistics show the population continues to rise , having now reached around 400,000 in the West Bank and 200,000 in East Jerusalem .
But behind the figures lies a different story . Although the population may have risen by nearly two-thirds in the past decade , the rate of increase has slowed sharply , according to Israel 's Central Bureau of Statistics .
A decade ago , for every 1,000 settlers already living in occupied territory , 20 more arrived each year . Now the expansion rate is just six per 1,000 .
`` The settlement enterprise is waning and what is left is being artificially kept alive by the government pouring money in , '' said Shaul Arieli , an analyst at the Economic Cooperation Foundation , a think-tank that advocates for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
Since capturing the West Bank in the 1967 Middle East war , successive Israeli governments have helped establish more than 120 settlements , spending billions of dollars to build tens of thousand of homes and the infrastructure to support them : roads , electricity , gas , water and communications .
There are scores more informal settler outposts , some of which have also received government funding .
While Israel 's right-wing government is in talks with the Trump administration about limiting expansion , it has also promised to build thousands more units this year to accommodate what it calls `` natural growth '' - families having more children .
Yet while population growth in the settlements is higher than the national average , its rate is also falling : In 1995 , it stood at 10 percent . By 2015 , it had dropped to 4 percent .
Leaders of the settler movement acknowledge the decline but say it does not reflect falling popularity . While the downturn is a concern , they say it stems from government curbs on construction : people are n't moving to the settlements because there are n't enough homes to house them .
`` The pioneering settlement spirit , the desire to return to those places where the people of Israel have always been , is just getting stronger , '' said Yigal Dilmoni , deputy head of the Yesha Council , the settlers ' main representative body .
That is what concerns the international community , which views settlements on occupied land as a breach of international law and an obstacle to peace between Israelis and Palestinians , who seek a state in the West Bank , East Jerusalem and Gaza .
Israel disputes the view that the settlements are illegal , and argues that it has biblical and historical ties to the land . Some right-wing members of the Israeli government want to annex up to 60 percent of the West Bank and massively ramp up the settlement enterprise .
AFFORDABILITY
Palestinians see any expansion of settlements as part of an Israeli project to deny them a state .
`` They are building settlements at a rate of construction that is politically motivated , '' Xavier Abu Eid , spokesperson for the Palestinian Authority 's Negotiations Affairs Department . `` Settlements and the incentives given to settlers are part of the Israeli government 's agenda . The two-state solution is clearly not . ''
Settlement population growth is now largely driven by a handful of settlements built for the ultra-Orthodox community , whose families on average have six children .
Over the past two decades , the two main ultra-orthodox settlements , Beitar Illit and Modiin Illit , have grown from comprising about 10 percent of the West Bank settler population to making up nearly a third of it .
Unlike many of the hardline , ideological settlements deep in the West Bank , Beitar Illit and Modiin Illit are adjacent to Israel and would probably be incorporated in any peace deal with the Palestinians . Their cramped apartment blocs stand in stark contrast to the red-roofed , spacious houses with gardens that identify most settlements built on West Bank hilltops .
Ultra-Orthodox residents say they moved here because it 's cheap . The conflict with the Palestinians and settling the land are not on their minds . Any place that enables their often poor and close-knit community to live together is fine .
`` Politically I 'm not bothered . All those global considerations are not something the average ultra-Orthodox family can afford , '' said 37-year-old Motti Hizkiyahu , standing outside a discount store in Modiin Illit .
GETTING OUT
While the rate of people moving to settlements and the growth within them has tapered , there are also signs of a generational shift in some of the most established , ideological settlements that spearheaded the movement in the 1970s .
Itzik Fleger , a real-estate agent in Beit-El settlement , said the founding generation is beginning to get older , their children have grown up and some have moved away .
It took Ruchi Avital two years of deliberations until they left the settlement of Ofra , their home of 30 years , to be closer to their children , all of whom moved out of the West Bank . They are a still an ardent supporter of the settlement enterprise , but a desire to be closer to their children overrode ideology .
Pictures of their former two-storey house and garden are affixed to their refrigerator in their new Jerusalem apartment , which they said is double the price and half the size .
While Ofra has seen more people leave than arrive in recent years , Avital , 64 , believes it still has a future .
`` It 's reached a critical mass , it 's mature enough now that it can handle people coming and leaving , '' they said , adding that a family with children had moved into their old home .
Arieli , of the Economic Cooperation Foundation , says the reality is different . While the settlements are numerous , with vast state infrastructure to support them , the enterprise is not big enough to sustain itself , they argue .
`` The settlement movement has failed in creating the physical conditions for annexation , '' they said , referring to the push to annex the area where nearly all settlements are located . `` The two-state solution is still strong and viable . ''
( Additional reporting by Lee Marzel and Luke Baker ; editing by Luke Baker and Peter Graff )
WASHINGTON May 2 A privacy group sued the New York Police Department on Tuesday to demand the release of documents related to its use of facial-recognition technology , which rights groups have criticized as discriminatory and lacking in proper oversight .
The lawsuit is the latest attempt to compel U.S. law enforcement agencies to disclose more about how they rely on searchable facial-recognition databases in criminal investigations .
NYPD has previously produced one document in response to a January 2016 freedom of information request , despite evidence it has frequently used an advanced face-recognition system for more than five years , according to the Center for Privacy & Technology at Georgetown University law school , which filed the suit in New York state court .
`` The department 's claim that it can not find any records about its use of the technology is deeply troubling , '' said David Vladeck , the privacy group 's faculty director . They added that an absence of responsive documents , such as contract and purchasing documents , training materials or audits , would be an indication the police force did not possess controls governing its use of facial-recognition software .
NYPD could not be immediately reached for comment on the suit .
Facial-recognition databases are used by police to help identify possible criminal suspects . They typically work by conducting searches of vast troves of known images , such as mug shots , and algorithmically comparing them with other images , such as those taken form a store 's surveillance cameras , that capture an unidentified person believed to be committing a crime .
But the technology has come under increased scrutiny in recent years amid fears that it may lack accuracy , lead to false positives and perpetuate racial bias .
Democratic and Republican lawmakers expressed consternation at the secrecy surrounding facial-recognition technology during a U.S. House Oversight Committee hearing in March .
The Center for Privacy & Technology released a report last year concluding half of America 's adults have their images stored in at least one searchable facial-recognition database used by local , state and federal authorities .
The study , titled `` Perpetual Line-Up , '' found that states rely on mug shots , driver 's license photos , or both in assembling their databases , and that images are often shared with the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
The U.S. Government Accountability Office estimated last year that more than 400 million facial pictures of Americans were stored in databases kept by law enforcement agencies . ( Editing by Marguerita Choy )
Jodhpur : The Chief of Staff of the US Air Force , General David L Goldfein , today flew India 's indigenous light combat aircraft 'Tejas ' at the air force station here.Goldfein , who arrived here yesterday , was accompanied by Air Vice Marshal A P Singh as co-pilot during the sortie , defence officials said . `` General David L Goldfein , Chief of Staff of the US Air Force , is on an official visit to India . They flew a sortie in ' # MadeinIndia ' LCA Tejas aircraft at AF Stn Jodhpur today , '' the IAF said on TwitterGoldfein yesterday interacted with the airmen and pilots at the station . `` His visit was a gesture of mutual cooperation between the Indian and the US air forces , both of which are considered the best in the world , '' the official said.Earlier , General Goldfein had stressed on the `` strong relationship '' between the two air forces . `` We look forward to deepening the relationship between our two air forces , they said in their posts on Twitter and Facebook.The first squadron of Tejas was inducted into the IAF in July 2016 .
May 1 Ballard Power Systems Inc
* Ballard reports q1 2017 results
* Ballard Power Systems Inc - total revenue was $ 22.7 million in quarter , an increase of 39 % resulting from growth in both power products and technology solutions .
* Qtrly loss per share $ 0.02 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
HONG KONG ( AP ) — Chinese factory activity grew at its fastest rate in eight months on stronger demand , a survey showed Thursday , in a positive sign for the world 's No . 2 economy despite trade tensions with the U.S .
The official purchasing managers ' index rose to 51.9 in May from 51.4 the previous month . Readings above 50 indicate expansion , while lower numbers indicate contraction on the index 's 100-point scale .
Production , new export orders and overall new orders all increased from the previous month , indicating an uptick in demand , the China Federation of Logistics & Purchasing 's survey found .
The latest figures show China 's outsized export-manufacturing sector remains resilient despite continued tensions with the U.S. over the trading relationship between the world 's two biggest economies .
Advertisement
Earlier this week , President Donald Trump 's administration said it would slap $ 50 billion worth of tariffs on Chinese technology while imposing new investment restrictions and export controls .
The tariff threat came ahead of U.S. Commerce Department Secretary Wilbur Ross 's visit to Beijing on Saturday for negotiations on a deal for China to buy more U.S. farm goods and energy products .
Activity in China 's increasingly important services sector also expanded . The group 's non-manufacturing PMI rose to 54.9 for the month from 54.8 previously .
Mandatory evacuation orders are all lifted ; no injuries reported
Firefighters have contained a wind-driven vegetation fire near Orcutt that charred 36 acres , and forced the evacuation of some 200 homes Thursday afternoon , according to Santa Barbara County Fire Department .
Full containment of the fire was announced at 4:20 p.m .
The acreage of the fire was also reduced from previous estimates of 50-75 acres . No injuries were reported and the cause of the fire was linked to a welding operation in the area that did not have proper clearance .
The two-alarm blaze was reported shortly after 1:30 p.m. near Oak Pass Lane and Rice Ranch Road , and burned in a southerly direction .
Evacuations were ordered for the area south of Rice Ranch and Stubblefield Roads . The area included Via Alta and El Cerrito to the north and south into the Unical Oilfield , according to Kelly Hoover , spokesperson for the Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Department .
Approximately 595 reverse notification calls through the 9-1-1 system were made to residents in the area alerting them to the danger .
All evacuation orders were lifted as of 5 p.m. , Hoover said .
A precautionary evacuation was also issued for the area of Highway 135 on the west , Clark Avenue to the North , Highway 101 on the east and the southbound area where it meets the mandatory evacuation area .
Approximately 925 reverse 911 calls were made to residents were included in this area , Hoover said .
After 3 p.m. , the forward progress of the fire had been halted , said fire Capt . David Sadecki .
Drivers in the area were being asked to avoid the roads due to emergency vehicles that were responding , especially on Clark Avenue .
Homes were threatened , and county fire and the U.S. Forest Service had numerous engines on scene .
A helicopter and four air tankers were called in to help battle the blaze , along with crews from the city of Lompoc and Santa Maria , Vandenberg Air Force Base and other agencies in the region .
Firefighters were asking people to stay out of the area .
The California Highway Patrol closed down both ends of Stubblefield Road .
Sage Crest Drive , Rice Ranch , Yarrow and Wildflower Roads were also closed .
Law enforcement units were moving in to evacuate homes on Clark and Harp Roads just before 3 p.m. , according to scanner traffic .
A Red Cross Center was opened at Righetti High School at 941 E. Foster Road .
Thursday 's fire materialized in the middle of a Red Flag warning , which the National Weather Service issued because of gusty northwest winds and relative low humidity , both of which increase the likelihood of wildfire .
That warning , along with a wind advisory , have been extended through Friday , and county fire announced earlier Thursday that they 'd be increasing their staffing levels as a result .
Noozhawk intern Amanda Hoffman contributed to this report .
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Rodney McAree was on hand to kick off this year 's BetMcLean.com League Cup competition .
McAree led Dungannon Swifts to the first piece of major silverware in last year 's tournament following their 3-1 win over Ballymena United .
Dungannon Swifts manager Rodney McAree pictured with competition sponsor Paul McLean from BetMcLean and NI Football League Manging Director Andrew Johnston .
The Swifts boss helped out with the first round draw on Wednesday morning alongside Paul McLean of sponsors BetMcLean , and they were delighted to be back at the scene of their triumph again .
`` I 've some great memories from Windsor Park after the League Cup final , and it 's great to be back here again for the first round draw , '' said McAree .
`` It was a great occasion for Dungannon Swifts and one which we thoroughly enjoyed .
`` We want to kick on again this season but we know it will be extremely difficult and we ca n't be overconfident .
`` We have to understand what we have achieved over the last 15 seasons to maintain our position in the Irish Premiership , which all starts with hard work .
`` We have to make sure we deliver that week in , week out . ''
The BetMcLean.com League Cup action kicks off with four first round fixtures on Saturday 4 August , with the introduction of the remaining teams , including the Danske Bank Premiership clubs , for the second round later in the same month .
NI Football League Manging Director Andrew Johnston said : “ The vision and dedication of BetMcLean has helped us lift the competition 's profile during the first year of sponsorship last season .
“ We 're a month away from the start of the season with the BetMcLean League Cup kicking us off and we wish all clubs competing in the competition the best of luck for the season ! ”
Competition sponsor Paul McLean from BetMcLean said : “ Following such a positive season of last year , we 're looking forward to another successful BetMcLean League Cup competition . ”
BetMcLean League Cup – First Round Draw
Lurgan Celtic v Armagh City
PSNI v Banbridge Town
Dundela v Knockbreda
Queen 's University University v Lisburn Distillery
Fixtures to be played on Saturday 4 August .
Twelve clubs received byes into the second round of the competition , namely : Annagh United , Ballyclare Comrades , Banbridge Town , Dergview , Dollingstown , Larne , Limavady United , Loughgall , Moyola Park , Newington YC , Portstewart , Sport & Leisure Swifts , Tobermore United .
( Reuters Health ) - - Many nursing home residents suffering from chronic pain do n't get any medication or do n't get enough to fully relieve their symptoms , a recent U.S. study suggests .
Researchers examined data on almost 1.4 million residents in nursing homes nationwide from 2011 to 2012 and found that overall , roughly two in five had either intermittent or chronic pain .
Among the residents with persistent pain , about 6 percent received no medication at all and another 32 percent did n't get enough drugs to properly address their symptoms , the study found .
“ The good news is that we documented lower levels of untreated pain than previous studies , ” said lead study author Jacob Hunnicutt of the University of Massachusetts Medical School in Worcester .
“ However , pain may still be undertreated and disparities in pain management by cognitive impairment and race/ethnicity remain , ” Hunnicutt said by email .
Previous studies have estimated that at least 40 percent of nursing home residents experience persistent pain , and that 20 percent of those in pain do n't get any medications , researchers note in the journal Pain .
More than 1.4 million adults live in U.S. nursing homes , including about 3 percent of people over 65 and roughly 10 percent of people over 85 .
For the current study , researchers examined data on nursing home residents who spent at least 100 days in the same facility with no gaps in residency of more than 30 days .
Residents provided information on the intensity and frequency of any pain they experienced as well as any medications provided during two assessments three months apart . Participants were counted as having persistent pain if they described pain on both assessments , and intermittent pain if they only mentioned it during one of the assessments .
If residents reported pain and did n't have any scheduled or as-needed medications noted in their medical records , researchers counted them as having untreated pain . If their records only included as-needed pain medications , researchers counted them has having potentially undertreated pain .
Non-white residents were 19 percent more likely than white residents to have undertreated or untreated pain , the study found .
In addition , residents with severe cognitive impairments were 51 percent more likely to have untreated or undertreated pain than people with only mild impairments or none at all .
One of the study authors is a consultant with the pharmacy benefits manager and drugstore chain CVS Caremark .
Limitations of the study include the lack of data on pain levels between the two assessments , the authors note . Researchers also relied on residents to accurately recall and report on their own pain levels , which can be subjective .
The study also did n't account for patient preferences or medical histories , said Dr. Gary Winzelberg , a geriatrics researcher at the University of North Carolina School of Medicine in Chapel Hill who was n't involved in the study .
“ It 's possible that some patients prefer not to receive pain medications and may use non-pharmacologic approaches to managing their pain , ” Winzelberg said by email .
Some residents might not believe they should report being in pain or think they should n't take medications . This might at least partially explain why older adults , men and residents of color were less likely to report pain and receive medications , Winzelberg added .
Residents and families can see how nursing homes compare on pain management and other quality measures online , Hunnicutt said . They recommend Medicare 's Nursing Home Compare ( bit.ly/1CHwbuM ) .
To avoid untreated pain , residents and their loved ones should n't be shy about speaking up , said Dr. XinQi Dong of the Rush Institute for Healthy Aging in Chicago .
“ Patients and family should seek help when the pain is beginning to rise , and not to wait until pain is intolerable before asking for pain medications , ” Dong , who was n't involved in the study , said by email .
“ After adequate assessment , health care professionals should provide an adequate mixture of long acting and short acting pain medications for those with chronic and inadequately treated pain , ” Dong added .
SOURCE : bit.ly/2nFmuLi Pain , online March 4 , 2017 .
In the latest edition of “ somoene check on our boy ” , Travis McCoy , a.k.a the lead singer of Gym Class Heroes is out here looking rough , yall .
Remember back in '08/'09 , Travie Mccoy was THAT guy — all the girls were on them before they found out they were dating Katy Perry .
Remember when Katy Perry and Travis McCoy dated ? pic.twitter.com/FtdYrb2MDA — sudoku mami ( @ nobr8ks ) January 17 , 2018
But recent photos of the rapper looking sickly , sunken and drugged out are not only shocking ; they 're pretty cringeworthy to say the least .
Please do n't let me ever become a drug addict pic.twitter.com/wLAEnKIh7W — Cassie is a beard ( @ DoUSeeDisCOAT ) May 29 , 2018
SMH :
And no , that 's not a tatted up Charlize Theron . Just their girlfriend who 's obviously caught in Cupid 's Chokehold to let our boy Travie go out like this .
Although he 's never been shy to speak out about their heroin addiction in the past , this is the first time we 're actually starting to see the soul snatching effects .
Addiciton is no joke ! Let 's all keep Travie in our prayers .
via GIPHY
Narcotics ( Not So ) Anonymous : What The Hell Happened To Travis McCoy ? was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
Nat Torkington has been active in web development since the early days of the web . They wrote the bestselling Perl Cookbook , and chaired conferences for O'Reilly Media for a decade . During their time at O'Reilly Media , Nat was an editor and then became a trend-spotter for the O'Reilly Radar group , identifying the topics to build events and books around . They have worked in areas as diverse as networking , publishing , science , edtech , and NLP . They now live in New Zealand , where they run Kiwi Foo Camp and helps startups grow .
Future Market Insights ( FMI ) delivers key insights on the global biologic excipients market in its upcoming report titled “ Biologic Excipients Market : Global Industry Analysis 2013–2017 and Opportunity Assessment 2018 – 2028 ” . In terms of revenue , the global biologic excipients market is projected to register a CAGR of 3.6 % over the forecast period owing to various factors , regarding which FMI offers detailed insights and forecasts in this report .
Request for sample Report : https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6982
Global Biologic Excipients Market : Segmental Analysis & Forecast
The global market is segmented based on excipient type , end user and region . Based on excipient type the market is segmented into polymers , sugar alcohols , polysorbates , inorganic salts , amino acids , surfactants and others . Polymers biologic excipients are anticipated to lead the biologic excipients market over the forecast period . Polymer biologic excipients account for the highest revenue share and are anticipated to witness a growth rate of 3.7 % over the forecast period .
By end user , the market is segmented into biopharmaceutical manufacturers , contract research organisations/contract manufacturing organisations , and research organisations . Biopharmaceutical manufacturers is the leading segment in the global biologic excipients market over the forecast period . This segment accounts for a relatively higher revenue share , which is expected to register a CAGR of 6.0 % over the forecast period .
Global Biologic Excipients Market : Dynamics
Growth of the global biologic excipients market is primarily driven by rising global demand for medicines , greater uptake of biologics driving demand for parenteral formulations , increasing acquisition of contract research organisations , patent expiration of major blockbuster drugs , growing adoption of advanced drug delivery technologies , increasing research in pediatric formulations , growing demand for extended-release or sustained release formulations , increasing demand for oral solid drug formulations , rising demand from emerging economies pushing local drug production , and increasing per capita healthcare expenditure .
However , lack of proper data documentation on gras status of excipients , regulatory audits restricting supply capacity , regulatory hurdles detering novel excipient development , and stability testing of excipients imposing cost liabilities on drug manufacturers are some factors expected to hamper the growth of the global biologic excipients market over the forecast period .
A key trend witnessed in the biologic excipients market is increasing adoption of continuous processing of biologic excipients , dependence of large drug manufacturers on in-house biologic excipients production , vast proportion of imported excipients leading to production delays , and regulatory harmonisation with respect to gradation of excipients . Furthermore , the growing importance of developing biologic excipients by big players in order to enhance their product portfolio , growing importance for manufacturing authorisation , growing market for topical and parenteral applications and compulsory licensing promoting demand for biologic excipients are the key trends likely to be witnessed in the global biologic excipients market .
Global Biologic Excipients Market : Regional Analysis
The North America regional market is projected to dominate the global biologic excipients market , accounting for a maximum revenue share of the global market by 2017 end . The North America , Western Europe , and Asia Pacific markets accounted for 77.3 % of the total biologic excipients market share in terms of value in 2017 . Revenue from the market in APEJ is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 4.2 % over the forecast period .
Some of the key players featured in this report on the global biologic excipients market include BASF Corporation , FMC Corporation , Wacker Chemie AG , Evonik Industries AG , Ashland Global Holdings Inc. , Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , Roquette Freres S.A. , The Dow Chemical Company , Colorcon Inc. , Signet Chemical Co. Pvt . Ltd . This report discusses the individual strategies followed by these companies regarding bringing improvements in their products , creating new manufacturing facilities , market consolidation and advanced R & D initiatives . The report concludes with key takeaways for players already present in the market and new players planning to enter the market .
Visit For Table of Contents : https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6982
They warned fans against doing the same .
James McAvoy has denied reports they ate 6,000 calories a day to bulk up for their new film role , and warned fans against trying the same thing .
The X-Men star , who is currently filming their new movie Glass , said they are concerned some people will try to follow in their footsteps .
They wrote on Instagram : “ Seeing a lot of articles saying that I ate 6000 calories a day to get bigger and leaner .
“ Just to set the record straight incase anyone decides to give this a go . I have never done this .
“ The quote is taken from an interview I did for a movie called ‘ Split ' , not the one I 'm on right now which is called ‘ Glass ' .
“ The interview was done at the beginning of the year and me saying “ I ate 6000 calories a day ” is inaccurate , was meant as a joke and is being widely used out of context .
“ The truth is that this time around I gained more muscle weight and got leaner by not counting a single calorie .
“ Good old @ magnuslygdback had me eating a lot but nowhere near the 6000 calorie mark . In fact we did n't count a single calorie .
“ We counted macros…I think probably a healthier way of tracking intake .
“ I 'm sure most people would never dream of copying the advice of some article/s on the internet about some actor but I know some would and id be gutted if they laboured under bad advice or worse yet seriously harmed their health .
“ 6000 a day might work well for somebody but I 've got zero experience or info on that being the case .
Building a Beast ! 💪🏻💣 @ jamesmcavoyrealdeal @ jefferiesjoshua A post shared by Magnus Method ( @ magnuslygdback ) on Sep 22 , 2017 at 3:47pm PDT
“ Guys and girls in the gym and out…this IS NOT how I got the results I got.please do n't copy . enjoy your workouts or non workouts.stay healthy and eat well to enjoy if you can ! ”
The actor will return as Kevin Wendell Crumb and their 23 other personalities in Glass , which will be a sequel to both Split and the 2000 thriller Unbreakable starring Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson .
Glass is due to be released in the UK on January 18 2019 .
© Press Association 2017
TUESDAY
• Allen , Joan M. ( Chaudoin ) . 10 a.m. Tuesday at Williamson Funeral Home .
• Moore , Betty J . 10:30 a.m. Tuesday at Wood Funeral Home in Rushville .
—
WEDNESDAY
• Herron , Carl Doug . Noon Wednesday at Niebur Funeral Home in Pittsfield . Visitation 10 a.m.-noon Wednesday at the funeral home .
—
THURSDAY
• Berry , David . 7 p.m. Thursday at Williamson Funeral Home . The family will meet friends from 5 to 7 p.m. Thursday at the funeral home . A graveside service will be at 11 a.m. Friday at Camp Butler National Cemetery in Springfield .
• Cochran , Michael Carl Sr. 11 a.m. Thursday at Hendricker Funeral Home in Mount Sterling . Burial with military rites will follow at Becam Cemetery near Timewell . Visitation 5-7 p.m. Wednesday and 8 a.m. until the time of services Thursday at the funeral home .
• Karsgaard , Teke . 11 a.m. Thursday at Williamson Funeral Home . The family will meet friends from 4 to 7 p.m. Wednesday at the funeral home .
• Knous , Jacob “ Jake ” Eugene . 10:30 a.m. Thursday at Sager Funeral Home in Beardstown . A luncheon will immediately follow the committal service at Chandlerville American Legion Post 694 . Family will meet with friends from 5 to 7 p.m. Wednesday at the funeral home .
• Wainman , Clifford Ray . Visitation 4-7 p.m. Thursday at Niebur Funeral Home in Pittsfield .
—
FRIDAY
• McClure , Sandra J . ( Landon ) . 2 p.m. Friday at Airsman-Hires Funeral Home in Carrollton . Friends may call from noon until service time Friday at the funeral home .
—
SATURDAY
• Balzer , Chester John . Memorial services 11 a.m. Saturday at the Cathedral of St. Paul the Apostle in Springfield . The family will meet friends for one hour prior to services .
• Clancy , Leona Marie ( Hermes ) . A funeral Mass 10:30 a.m. Saturday at Church of Our Saviour in Jacksonville . The family will meet friends 5-7 p.m. Friday at Williamson Funeral Home . A prayer service will be at 4:45 p.m. Friday at the funeral home .
—
MONDAY , MAY 1
• Harbuzuik , Lothar W. Memorial service 9 a.m. Monday , May 1 , at Lincoln Avenue Baptist Church in Jacksonville . Williamson Funeral Home in Jacksonville is in charge .
—
MONDAY , JUNE 12
• Doyle , Marian A . Memorial Mass 11 a.m. Monday , June 12 , at Our Saviour Catholic Church . Meet with family at 10 a.m. Huber Funeral & Cremation Services Eden Prairie Chapel is in charge .
May 3 People.cn Co Ltd :
* Says co plans to invest 25.5 million yuan to set up an Internet health information service JV with PICC Health Insurance Co Ltd
* Says JV will be capitalized at 50 million yuan and co will hold a 51 percent stake in it
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/omKfF7
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
The Indian Army has alleged that Chinese hackers were using WhatsApp groups to mine personal data from Indians .
In a video posted on Twitter , the Additional Directorate General of Public Interface ( ADGPI ) , the Indian Army 's official handle , warned that WhatsApp was the latest platform being used by Chinese hackers to spy on Indians .
Read more : The top ten mistakes that make life easy for cyber-criminals
`` Chinese numbers starting with +86 ( China 's country code ) barge into your groups and start extracting all the data , '' the Indian Army said and urged people to regularly `` audit '' their WhatsApp groups for any unknown numbers .
`` Destroy the SIM card if you change your number , and delete your WhatsApp on that number , '' the army said in the video , which was retweeted by India 's defense ministry .
The video did not specify whether the hackers are backed by the Chinese state or not .
Last year , the Indian Army also warned its soldiers stationed along the Chinese border against using a host of applications , including WhatsApp , which were deemed vulnerable to Chinese hackers .
The warning comes just months after the two neighbors defused a potential border conflict by ending a stand-off along part of their 3,500 kilometer ( 2,174 mile ) shared border . The two nations fought a war over the border in 1962 . Many of the disputes remain unresolved until today .
Watch video 03:42 Share Apps that do n't collect data Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http : //p.dw.com/p/2T1y3 Apps that do n't collect your data
'No rocket science '
Cybersecurity experts say hacking WhatsApp does not require many technical knowhow .
`` It 's no rocket science , '' Altaf Halde , Cybersecurity Global Business Head at the cybersecurity consulting firm Network Intelligence , told DW .
`` There are certain paid tools such as Spyzie that can be used to easily gain access to another person 's smartphone , '' Halde said .
Read more : Is India snubbing the Dalai Lama ?
Halde advises that users should ensure they do n't become part of `` random groups '' or click on links sent by an unknown number .
They say other smartphone applications are equally vulnerable .
`` We go ahead and install applications without gauging the security risks . Why should we give access to our contact list or camera to an app that does not even need access to them , '' Halde said .
Each evening at 1830 UTC , DW 's editors send out a selection of the day 's hard news and quality feature journalism . You can sign up to receive it directly here .
A mother and daughter who secretly co-owned and operated seven home health care agencies in the Miami , Florida area were each sentenced to over 10 years in prison today for their roles in a $ 20 million Medicare fraud conspiracy that involved paying illegal health care kickbacks to patient recruiters and medical professionals .
Acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth A. Blanco of the Justice Department 's Criminal Division , Acting U.S. Attorney Benjamin G. Greenberg of the Southern District of Florida , Special Agent in Charge George L. Piro of the FBI 's Miami Field Office , Special Agent in Charge Brian Swain of the U.S. Secret Service 's Miami Regional Office and Special Agent in Charge Shimon R. Richmond of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services-Office of Inspector General 's ( HHS-OIG ) Miami Regional Office made the announcement .
April 3 Cowen Group Inc
* Cowen Group announces acquisition of convergex
* Cowen Group Inc says expects acquisition to be accretive to economic income per share and return on tangible common equity in 2018
* Cowen Group Inc - deal for a total consideration , less certain closing adjustments , of $ 116 million in cash and cowen common stock
* Cowen Group Inc says transaction price will be adjusted based on tangible book value of convergex at time of closing
* Majority of transaction is to be conducted through cash on Cowen 's balance sheet and excess cash from convergex at closing
* Cowen Group Inc - Convergex transaction is not contingent on closing of terms of strategic partnership between Cowen and China Energy Company Limited Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Mung Bean Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market . The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth , market demands , business strategies , consumption volume , market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025 . New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations , reliability and quality issues . The Prominent Manufacturers included Pakistan , India , China , Korea , Nepal , America , America , Vietnam .
The Mung Bean Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly . The research report analyzes the market size , industry share , growth , key segments , CAGR and key drivers . In this part , the report presents the company profile , product specifications , capacity , production value , and 2013-2018 market shares for each company . Through the statistical analysis , the report depicts the global total market of Mung Bean industry including capacity , production , production value , cost/profit , supply/demand and import/export . The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-mung-bean-market/10155/ # requestforsample
The Mung Bean Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market , market shares , and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers . The Porter 's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market . This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market , and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness , rate of development , and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost , revenue , volume delivered ( in kilo tons ) and the income it produces ( in US $ ) , demand and supply data ( as applicable ) . The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Mung Bean Market Products Type Segmentation : Non-GMO Seed , GMO Seed .
Mung Bean Market Applications Segmentation : Farm , Santific Research .
Key Highlights of the Mung Bean Market :
1 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
2 ) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments .
3 ) It depicts parameters such as production value , capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers .
4 ) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market .
5 ) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-mung-bean-market/10155/ # inquiry
In the conclusion , The Mung Bean market downstream consumer analysis , upstream raw materials , different types of equipment are concealed in the report . Research findings , conclusions , industry feasibility analysis , vendors and traders involved , appendix data and figures in the form of tables , graphs , and pie-charts .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
There is way too often a disconnect between sales and marketing . So , before we align them together , it 's important to know their definitions and the differences between sales and marketing .
What exactly are sales and marketing ?
Sales is basically the exchange of a commodity for money or it 's the action of selling something .
Marketing is the action or business of promoting and selling products or services , including market research and advertising .
If we broke it down to the basics , marketing is everything that you do to reach and persuade prospects and the sales process is everything that you do to close the sale and get a signed agreement or contract .
Differences between sales and marketing
We all know that after Marketing has reeled-in the leads , it is up to the Sales department to close them .
Both are necessities to the success of a business . You can not do without either process . If you work to strategically combine both efforts you will experience a successful amount of business growth . However , by the same token if the efforts are unbalanced or departments do n't communicate it can detour business growth .
Marketing 's projects are often long-term – common marketing goals include setting a foundation with strong branding , and generating qualified leads . Marketers are looking at metrics . Their campaigns tend to focus on increasing brand recognition , and scoring and nurturing leads for the long term .
Salespeople , on the other hand , move at a fast pace – they tend to have monthly or quarterly quotas to meet . They are looking for opportunities to help solve a problem for a prospect , or be the personal touch that someone is looking for . They want to know what the marketing team can do for them now , so that they can make the sale today .
How to obtain the perfect relation between sales and marketing ?
Sales and Marketing are heavily interlinked and their strategies within a business should always be united . If not then the consequences are really terrible to be faced . For example , a sales employee could be approaching customers that the marketing team have not identified as their target audience , thus wasting time and money .
So , while the two teams can feel like they 're fighting different battles , they should rather be supporting each other . Hence , to increase sales productivity , There should be a symbiotic relationship between these two departments . And here are few tips on how to go about it :
1 ) Vanish the Silo Mentality
The silo mentality occurs when several departments or groups within an organization do not want to share information or knowledge with other individuals in the same organization .
This silo mentality , where important departments such as sales and marketing operate as individual units , has become a major problem in the Business-to-Business selling space . Few methods have to be implemented to vanish this mentality .
You , as a boss , should give a good introduction between the two teams and make them collaborate with each other as much as possible .
2 ) Communication
When it comes to improving relations between any two people , the first step inevitably involves improving communication .
The lack of communication can cause organization-wide disconnects , missed opportunities , and lost revenues . But it 's not as simple as just increasing communication between two groups . More communication can be expensive . It eats uptime , and it prolongs decision making . We advocate instead for more disciplined communication .
The relationship is often so frayed that a regular social cadence can literally help to set that top-down alignment . So , they could communicate not only about work but feel friendly and talk about various matters as well .
3 ) Add Sales in Content Marketing
We all know how good content marketing works for a company but it can also work to align t they two teams .
Content marketing is a great way to bring in ideas from the sales team .
By finding out what 's happening in the field and what actually works to win and retain customers , marketers can write the content that targets specific audiences .
Also , to get the content , marketers would communicate with the salespeople , hence increase their bonding . In fact , a salesperson 's insight can clue marketers into what type of content will spark customers ' interest and turn awareness into revenue .
4 ) Regular Meetings
Real collaboration requires regular discussions and a mutual sharing of knowledge . Weekly meetings between marketing and sales will ensure consistent messaging and keep each team apprised of what campaigns are ongoing .
This can allow marketers to know how Sales is doing with their quota and goals , as well as offer support or help when needed . Marketers could also ask for content ideas and recommendations for their future offers and blog posts during their meetings.C
Conduct various events in which both the teams can take part . Whether it 's an industry meetup group , happy hour in your office , or an organized conference , they can spend time together and get to know each other as well .
5 ) Mutual Understanding
Sales is Marketing . Marketing is Sales .
This understanding must be present between the two teams for the betterment of the company . There should n't be any misunderstandings between the two , which could cause problems to the company as well a s the customers .
It 's proved that we can be a lot more effective by changing our perspective and to think about these sales and marketing challenges by focusing on the customers .
Lunches , outings , and celebrations could help build trust among both the team members and ensure that people feel comfortable leaning on each other for support .
6 ) Help Each Other
Marketers should take some time during their off time , to sit next to your sales team and listen to their calls . This is a great learning experience that will help you get ideas for future content creation and how to build some of the follow-up emails of your offers .
Also , marketers could not only learn but they could also help sales people by taking their calls for them . They can illustrate the business use of your product or service .
The salespeople in return could help the marketers in content marketing as mentioned in one of the points above .
7 ) Feedback and Being the Peacemaker
Sales teams are experts in doing product demos , and getting feedback can only help them for the better .
Let the salespeople ask the marketers , for feedback about their demos and the marketers could in return ask the salespeople about their marketing skills . Thus , it 's a win-win both ways . This makes sure the awkwardness between them vanishes .
If there are still some kind of misunderstanding between the two teams , then you be the peacemaker . Do n't allow the problem to grow , rather reduce it by taking neither of their sides . Remember , no preferences or partiality .
8 ) Metrics and Social Media
Designing a Metric is not a tough job . It 's easier to construct a set of metrics if the marketers ' as well as salespeople 's purposes and tasks are clearly outlined .
If you still face difficulties in making metrics , then you could do the same on an Excel sheet or via emails or through many tools available . This can not only reduce the blame game between the teams , but also increase the stability of your company .
Also , they must learn to embrace social media to connect with each other . This will definitely make them more friendly as well as it can take the relation to a next level – long term aspect .
Forrester research shows that only 8 % of Business-to-Business companies have tight sales and marketing alignment . However , alignment , with shared goals and metrics , can result in 25 % increases in quota achievement , 15 % increases in win rate , and 27 % faster three-year profit growth , emphasizing the need for collaboration .
Thus , the main ingredient for a perfect relationship between sales and marketing is balance .
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump 's administration declined to name any major trading partner as a currency manipulator in a highly anticipated report on Friday , backing away from a key Trump campaign promise to slap such a label on China .
The semi-annual U.S. Treasury currency report did , however , keep China on a currency `` monitoring list '' despite a lower global current account surplus , citing China 's unusually large , bilateral trade surplus with the United States .
Five other trading partners who were on last October 's monitoring list - Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , Germany and Switzerland - also remain on the list , ensuring that the Treasury would apply extra scrutiny to their foreign exchange and economic policies .
The Treasury report recognized what many analysts have said over the past year , namely that China has recently intervened in foreign exchange markets to prop up the value of its yuan currency , not push it lower to make Chinese exports cheaper .
Foreign exchange experts told Reuters last week that a manipulator label was unlikely for Beijing .
Trump , who on the campaign trail blamed China for `` stealing '' U.S. jobs and prosperity by cheapening its currency , repeatedly promised to label the country as a currency manipulator on `` day one '' of a Trump administration - a move that would require special negotiations and could lead to punitive duties and other action .
The report did call out China 's past efforts to hold down the yuan 's value , saying this created a long-term `` distortion '' in the global trading system that `` imposed significant and long-lasting hardship on American workers and companies . ''
The Treasury also warned that it will scrutinize China 's trade and currency practices very closely and called for faster opening of China 's economy to U.S. goods and services and a shift away from exports to more domestic consumption .
`` China will need to demonstrate that its lack of intervention to resist appreciation over the last three years represents a durable policy shift by letting the RMB ( yuan ) rise with market forces once appreciation pressures resume , '' the report said .
The report shows the Trump administration is taking an approach to foreign exchange based on data rather than politics , said Nathan Sheets , a former U.S. Treasury under secretary for international affairs during the Obama administration .
`` This is n't the report that Donald Trump had in mind on Nov. 8 , '' said Sheets , who is now with the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington . `` But it lays out legitimate complaints . It 's a clear statement to the Chinese that they need progress . ''
The Treasury did not alter its three major thresholds for identifying currency manipulation put in place last year by the Obama administration : a bilateral trade surplus with the United States of $ 20 billion or more ; a global current account surplus of more than 3 percent of gross domestic product , and persistent foreign exchange purchases equal to 2 percent of GDP over 12 months .
No countries were determined to have met all three of these criteria , but Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , Germany and Switzerland all met two of them .
The Treasury warned Japan against resuming currency interventions , saying that these `` should be reserved only to very exceptional circumstances with appropriate prior consultations , consistent with Japan 's G-7 and G-20 commitments . ''
( For graphic on currency manipulation , click tmsnrt.rs/2p7aUox )
( Link to the Treasury report : bit.ly/2pgnNAm )
( Reporting by David Lawder ; editing by Bill Rigby , G Crosse )
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Conservative groups are suing the University of Minnesota , arguing that the school violated their free speech rights by moving a conservative speaker to its smaller St. Paul campus .
The lawsuit filed Tuesday asks a federal court to declare the groups ' First Amendment rights were violated and seeks an unspecified amount of money .
Students for a Conservative Voice and the Young America 's Foundation invited conservative speaker Ben Shapiro to speak in February .
They wanted to hold the event in a 1,000-seat hall on the main Minneapolis campus . But university officials cited safety concerns and moved the event to a 400-seat ballroom in St. Paul .
Contact
Brienne Schaefer
* * * @ ebadvertising.com Brienne Schaefer
End
-- Wine connoisseurs can raise a glass to the return of Lake Lawn Resort 's four-course Italian Wine Dinner on Friday , April 28 . Featuring four wine selections paired with a gourmet spread of Italian cuisine , diners can enjoy an intimate fine dining experience at $ 50 per person , plus tax and gratuity . Sommelier , Casey Squire , will share insight about the wine pairings during each course.Friday , April 28Doors open at 6:30 p.m. with sit-down dinner beginning at 7 p.m.Lake Lawn Resort 's Delavan Room in the Frontier Restaurant2400 E. Geneva St.Delavan , WI 53115Carefully crafted by Director of Culinary Operations , David Ross , and Sous Chef , Kevin Rausch , the Italian Wine Dinner will feature the following courses : Meze Course· Artisan dry cured salumi , Castelvetrano olives , feta , grilled asparagus , sun dried tomato , pickled artichokes , extra virgin oil and lemon paired with 2015 Dipinti Sauvignon Blanc.Second Course· Pan seared red snapper , creamy risotto cake , fennel scented seafood broth , roasted tomatoes and fennel micro green salad paired with 2015 Terlano Terlaner Classico.Intermezzo Course· Campari Sorbetto.Entrée Course· Pinn Oak Farms sirloin of spring lamb , fingerling potato , fresh vegetable ragout and natural lamb 'jus paired with 2011 Tolaini Al Passo.Dessert Course· Golden and red raspberry zabaglione tartlette with pistachio sweet dough crust and fresh cream paired with 2016 Col Di Venti Moscato D'asti.Reservations are required and can be made by calling 262.725.9155 . The four wines served at dinner will be available for purchase while supplies last . For more information visit http : //www.LakeLawnResort.com # # # The locally owned Lake Lawn Resort is a full-service leisure getaway , family retreat and convention facility on 250 wooded acres in Wisconsin 's Geneva Lakes region . Lake Lawn Resort has been operating for more than 130 years and is the only property of its kind , just 90 minutes from Chicago and within 60 minutes of Milwaukee , Madison and Rockford . Lake Lawn Resort prides itself on having the preeminent selection of luxury guest rooms and suites , 271 in total . Rooms are complemented by 22 meeting venues overlooking Delavan Lake and amenities ranging from a lakeside 18-hole golf course and the full-service Calladora Spa to a tennis court , indoor and outdoor swimming pools , 165-slip marina , kid 's activity center , miniature golf , and watersport rentals like paddle boards and kayaks , as well as jet skis , pontoons and speed boats . For more information , visit LakeLawnResort.com or call 800.338.5253 .
MOSCOW ( AP ) — Russian athletes are overwhelmingly in favor of competing at the upcoming Pyeongchang Games despite a ban on the national team , the country 's Olympic committee said Monday .
Sofia Velikaya said the Russian Olympic Committee 's athletes ' commission , which they chair , has heard from `` all the athletes in all sports '' on the Olympic program , with a majority in favor of competing .
Velikaya said no athletes have told the ROC they would rather boycott .
`` At the current moment , everyone 's training and everyone 's hoping to take part in the Olympics , '' Velikaya said .
Advertisement
The International Olympic Committee last week barred the Russian team from Pyeongchang because of doping offenses at the 2014 Sochi Games , but is allowing Russians to compete under a neutral flag as `` Olympic Athletes from Russia . ''
Last week , Russian President Vladimir Putin said the government wo n't stand in their way .
ROC spokesperson Konstantin Vybornov said teams from biathlon and snowboard had recorded videos affirming their desire to compete , while the men 's hockey team has written `` a collective letter . ''
Some Russian hardliners believe it is shameful for athletes to compete at the Olympics without their national flag . But Velikaya defended the athletes , saying everyone watching will know who is from Russia .
`` The choice of competing at the Olympics is strictly individual , '' Velikaya said . `` I call on Russian society to treat athletes ' decisions with understanding and respect . ''
With the IOC due to send out invitations to individual Russians over the next two months , Velikaya said Russian sports officials would put together lists of their preferred teams . Those rosters , they said , would stop the IOC from inviting `` numbers five and six '' in the Russian team while leaving out genuine medal contenders .
Russia is pushing back against some IOC conditions , however , backing appeals by Russian athletes banned for doping at the 2014 Sochi Olympics .
Velikaya also said their commission will ask the IOC to remove a condition stopping athletes from being invited to Pyeongchang if they have been suspended for doping in the past . That affects a few athletes with earlier offenses unconnected to the Sochi Olympics , including biathletes banned for using the blood-booster EPO and speedskating world champion Denis Yuskov , who was suspended in 2008 after testing positive for marijuana .
Forcing the Russians to compete as neutral athletes puts the IOC in the uncomfortable position of regulating how they celebrate .
The Russian flag wo n't be flown at medal ceremonies , but what happens if a Russian winner accepts a flag or a gift from a spectator for a victory lap ? Can Russian athletes fly the flag from their windows in the athletes village ? Those are on a list of questions Vybornov said Russia will ask of the IOC .
`` A figure skater wins , let 's say , and they throw them a teddy bear in Russian uniform onto the ice , '' Vybornov said . `` She picks it up . Can they do that ? Or is that an offense ? ''
May 2 Boyd Gaming Corp
* Boyd Gaming reports first-quarter 2017 results ; company reinstates dividend , reaffirms share repurchase program
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $ 0.32
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.31 from continuing operations
* Q1 revenue $ 605.3 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 604.7 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.31 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says reaffirms previously provided FY 2017 guidance of total adjusted EBITDA of $ 585 million to $ 605 million
* Says has authorized reinstatement of company 's cash dividend program , with an initial quarterly payment of $ 0.05 per share
* Says announced initial quarterly dividend payment of $ 0.05 per share
* Says board also reaffirmed company 's existing share repurchase program , which has $ 92 million remaining Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 12 Federal Home Loan Bank Of New York :
* Federal Home Loan Bank Of New York says reached an agreement in principle to settle all claims pending in United States bankruptcy court in case relating to 2008 Lehman Brothers
* Federal Home Loan Bank Of New York says settlement provides that bank will pay $ 70 million to Lehman Bankruptcy estate
* Federal Home Loan Bank Of New York says bank has sufficient retained earnings to cover settlement Source text : ( bit.ly/2p9H6s9 ) Further company coverage :
International General Insurance Holdings Limited today reported earnings for the 2017 financial year .
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag :
• IGIH Industry :
• Business Location :
• Amman - Amman - Jordan
Contact
TRACCS
* * * @ traccs.net TRACCS
End
-- International General Insurance Holdings Limited today reported earnings for the 2017 financial year.The Group announced a 19 % increase in gross written premiums ( GWP ) from US $ 231.43 million as of 31December 2016 to US $ 275.34 million for the same period in 2017 , demonstrating growth in GWP in all of IGI 's major lines of business . This growth came as a result of writing more business in existing lines and an expansion in IGI 's casualty and energy classes.The year 2017 was the most expensive for catastrophe losses on record . However , prudent portfolio management helped mitigate the severity of IGI 's losses at a net level.Meanwhile , the Group posted a net profit of US $ 7.9 million in 2017 compared to US $ 32.1 million the year before . The Group 's combined ratio stood at 103 % at the end of 2017 , compared to 87.5 % in 2016.Investment income rose by 28 % to US $ 14.6 million , compared to US $ 11.4 million in 2016.Overall , the Group reported growth in total assets of 9 % to US $ 888.79 million as at the end of 2017 from US $ 818.46 million in 2016 . Despite the losses , shareholders ' equity slightly increased at year end.Mr . Wasef Jabsheh , Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of IGI , said : `` IGI 's full year results were announced against the backdrop of a very difficult year , which saw a competitive trading environment continue to keep pressure on rates , followed by catastrophe losses in the third quarter . Despite this , we stuck to our strategy of strict underwriting discipline and focused on maintaining a healthy and diversified portfolio . `` `` Meanwhile , our growth in GWP in all of IGI 's major lines of business proves the strength of fsbdt the Group 's market expertise , and demonstrates our commitment to a strategy of disciplined profitable growth . `` `` Last year 's historical catastrophes have undoubtedly had their impact on the market . We must however remember that the fundamental role of the reinsurance industry is to be there as supportive partners to our clients in times of need . This is of utmost importance to IGI and we take pride in our strong track record reflecting a prompt and efficient claims service . `` `` We view the coming year with optimism . Last year 's losses will likely improve market conditions over the coming months and drive sustainable premium growth in the near future . IGI is poised to benefit from the enhanced environment and will continue its focused profitable growth strategy . `` Highlights of the 2017 financial year along with those of the previous year are as follows:31-Dec-2017 ( 12 months ) 31-Dec-2016 ( 12 months ) Gross written premium 275.34 231.43Net underwriting result 25.0750.69Investment income 14.63 11.43Profit for the year 7.86 32.07Shareholder 's equity312.40 311.20Loss ratio , net 60.40 % 45.54 % Combined ratio 103.09 % 87.45 % Return on equity 2.52 % 10.3 % Net Underwriting result to GWP 9.11 % 21.9 % The Board of Directors decided not to distribute a second dividend for the year . This brings the total dividend for 2017 to US $ 5,735,027 .
March 31 Sumeet Industries Ltd :
* Says approved raising of funds NCDs/bonds/non-convertible redeemable preference shares to extent of INR 500 million
* Says approved increase in borrowing limits
* Approved conversion of unsecured loan of promoters and promoter group towards adjustment of their entitlement for proposed rights issue Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Global 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market 2017 , presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market Globally , providing basic overview of 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market Including Definitions , Classifications , Applications and Industry Chain Structure , 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as Manufacturing processes and cost structures . 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market size , share and end users are analyzed as well as segment Markets by types , applications and companies .
Download Sample Report @ http : //www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/30579/request-sample
5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market research report studies 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt in Global Market , 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in the United States , Canada , Mexico , Germany , France , UK , Italy , Russia , China , Japan , India , Korea , Southeast Asia , Australia , Brazil , Middle East and Africa . Global 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market report focuses on top Manufacturers in global Market , with their Business perspective which consist of 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt capacity , production , price , revenue and 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market share for each Manufacturer .
5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers .
WAKO/Wako Pure Chemical Industries , Ltd .
TCI – Tokyo Chemical Industry
FutureFuel Chemical Company
ABCR GmbH
Biosynth
CM Fine Chemicals
Santa Cruz Biotechnology , Inc .
Richman Chemical Inc .
DEZHOU RUIQIAO CHEMICAL INDUSTRY CO. LTD .
Ivy Fine Chemicals
Global 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market segment by Countries , 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market report splits Global into several key Countries , with 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Sales , 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt production , 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt consumption , 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt revenue , 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market share and growth rate of 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt in these regions , from 2012 to 2027 . 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market report split by Product type and Application , with 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt sales , production , revenue , price , Market share and growth rate of each type , according to Application 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market report Focuses on Consumption , Market share and growth rate of 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt in each Application .
5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market Research Report Split by Type
Purity≥98.0 % ,
Purity≥99.0 %
Others
Access Full Report @ http : //www.fiormarkets.com/report/2017-2022-global-top-countries-5-sulfoisophthalic-acid-monosodium-salt-30579.html
5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market Research Report Split by Application
Chemical
Pharmaceutical
Others
Table of Contents
2017-2022 Global Top Countries 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market Report
1 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market Overview
2 Global 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Sales , Revenue ( Value ) and Market Share by Manufacturers
3 Global 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
4 Global 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
5 North America 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
6 Latin America 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
7 Europe 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
8 Asia-Pacific 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
9 Middle East and Africa 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Sales , Revenue ( Value ) by Countries , Type and Application ( 2012-2017 )
10 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Manufacturing Cost Analysis
11 Industrial Chain , Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
12 Marketing Strategy Analysis , Distributors/Traders
13 Market Effect Factors Analysis
14 Global 5-Sulfoisophthalic Acid Monosodium Salt Market Forecast ( 2017-2022 )
15 Research Findings and Conclusion
16 Appendices
16.1 Methodology
16.2 Analyst Introduction
16.3 Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone : ( 201 ) 465-4211
Email : sales @ fiormarkets.com
Web : www.fiormarkets.com
5 Top Rated Mattresses is the website focusing on reviewing the best mattresses available out there on the market . The rating process is thorough and detailed to ensure that the potential customer get only the best quality items for a reasonable price .
Sleep is one of the most crucial and vital bodily functions . It is during this time that our body recovers , muscles rebuild , brain recharges and we get ready for the next day 's adventures and challenges . Many different aspects influence the quality of sleep that we get . For example , the room temperature , the food that you have consumed and the quantity of it , ambient light outside the bedroom , noise , your mental state and of course , the mattress that you sleep on . Many people disregard the importance of the importance and effect that the quality of the mattress can have on your body . Too many times have people woken up to back pains , stiff neck , headaches and swollen feet , all caused by the substandard items that you have chosen to put underneath your body . In order to avoid health problems and complications you need to find the top rated mattresses and by investing into those , protect your body as well as mental healthiness .
Due to the abundance of products available on the market today , it is difficult to find the best-suited and best-rated mattress on your own . Fortunately for you , there are people who are able and willing to help you find what you are looking for . By going to 5 Top Rated Mattresses website you can seek out and locate the best items available for purchase . The experts at this company work hard to review all products and analyze their performance based on personal experiences as well as user feedback . If you want to have the most amazing and peaceful sleep , you have to be prepared to pay as well . That being said , the number one choice for comfort , performance and value according to the website is Tuft & Needle Queen Mattress with exclusive adaptive foam filling that performs better than memory foams . This item comes with a ten-year warranty and is rated as CR 's best buy mattress . Amazon price for this engineering marvel is $ 750.00 and while it might seem a lot , your health and well-being throughout the rest of your life is definitely worth a lot more . Number 2 on the list is Zinus Memory Foam mattress that is under $ 300 and offers pressure relieving support as well as green tea extract and Castor Natural Seed Oil combination to protect you from bacteria and odor . These two items are just a small part of what you can find on this marvelous website that will help you improve your sleep quality and habits . Do not hesitate to browse to the webpage to find the best mattress you have been looking for all this time .
About 5 Top Rated Mattresses :
5 Top Rated Mattresses is a website dedicated to bringing you the opportunity to improve your sleep habits . With extensive reviews of mattresses , bedding and pillows , you have to opportunity to find the best options available out there on the market .
Company : 5 Top Rated Mattresses
Contact Name : Martin Kay
Address : 4220 Rime Village Dr , Birmingham , AL 35216
Phone : 205 874 6614
Email : support @ 5topratedmattresses.com
Website : http : //5topratedmattresses.com
Coming down heavily on Modi , Manmohan said they and their party need no sermons on nationalism by a prime minister `` whose compromised track record on fighting terrorism is well known '' .Modi had claimed that some Pakistani officials and Manmohan Singh met at Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar 's house over dinner on December 6 . This was a day before Aiyar 's `` neech '' jibe against Modi.Singh issued a statement on Monday , listing those who attended the dinner , and stressed that the election was not discussed during the meeting . `` I reject the innuendos and falsehoods as I did not discuss Gujarat elections with anyone else at the dinner hosted by Mani Shankar Aiyar as alleged by Modi , '' they said.I am deeply pained and anguished by the falsehood and canards being spread to score political points in a lost cause by none less than Prime Minister , Sh . Narendra Modi . Fearing imminent defeat in Gujarat , the desperation of Prime Minister to hurl every abuse and latch on to every straw is palpable . Sadly and regrettably , Sh . Modi is setting a dangerous precedent by their insatiable desire to tarnish every constitutional office including that of a former Prime Minister and Army Chief.The Congress party needs no sermons on nationalism from a party and Prime Minister , whose compromised track record on fighting terrorism is well known . Let me remind Sh . Narendra Modi that they had gone to Pakistan uninvited after the terrorist attacks in Udhampur and Gurdaspur . Let them also tell the country the reason for inviting the infamous ISI of Pakistan to our strategic Air Base in Pathankot to investigate a terror attack that emanated from Pakistan.My track record of public service to the country over last five decades is known to everyone . No one , including Sh . Modi , can lamely question it to gain lost political ground.I reject the innuendos and falsehoods as I did not discuss Gujarat election with anyone else at dinner hosted by Sri Mani Shankar Aiyar as alleged by Sh . Narendra Modi . Nor was the Gujarat issue raised by anyone else present at the dinner . The discussion was confined to India Pakistan relations . Names of the distinguished Indian public servants and journalists present at the dinner are enclosed to this statement . None of them could be accused of indulging in any Anti-National activities.I sincerely hope that Prime Minister will show the maturity and gravitas expected of the high office they hold instead of concentrating is energy solely on erroneously conceived brownie points . I sincerely hope that they will apologize to the nation for their ill-thought transgression to restore the dignity of the office they occupy .
Hours after an interview of Pakistani woman Alishba came on TV denying allegations that they had dated cricketer Muhammad Shami in Dubai , Shami 's wife Hasin Jehan demanded the Lal Bazar police in Kolkata to “ arrest Shami and their family members immediately. ” Hasin Jahan also recorded their statement at Alipur court in Kolkata . The crime branch talked to Shami 's relatives and neighbors for an hour . The Kolkata Police visited Amroha to investigate their properties.Alishba had earlier refuted Hasin Jahan 's claim of match-fixing or money transfer . They had said that their friendship should not be connected to match-fixing.Hasin had released a recording of an alleged phone call with Shami where the mail voice ( apparently Shami 's according to Hasin ) , is heard saying they met Alishba in Dubai to collect money sent by one Mohammad bhai.But Alishba claims they met Shami in Dubai but only by coincidence .
MOUNT PLEASANT - A couple is still recovering from last month 's devastating car crash in the Festival Foods parking lot .
Two people who came to the rescue were honored Friday in Racine County .
The recipients , Racine County Deputy Karen Hernandez and Festival Foods associate Chris Dustman jumped into service to help Jeffrey and Cheryl Coopman after the tragic accident .
`` I 'm accepting this award for all the men and women , first responders who save lives every single day and do n't get recognized for it , '' Hernandez said .
Hernandez along with Dustman helped save the lives of Coopman by trying to stop their bleeding .
The couple was leaving Festival Foods when they became victims of a hit-and-run . Cheryl lost and arm and leg . Jeffrey lost their leg . The teen accused , Isaiah Degroot , is facing 27 felonies .
`` I feel great getting the award but again I 'm very upset with what happened , '' said Hernandez .
Hernandez admits this has been rough and hard to deal with .
`` I pray for the victims and their families every day , '' they said .
And Friday they finally got to unite with family members of the couple they saved .
`` We still believe after this tragedy that there are more good people on this earth than bad and from the bottom of our hearts we 're forever grateful for all your lifesaving actions , '' said Sandra Coopman , Jeffrey 's sister .
The Coopman family remains positive throughout this process . Family members say that the couple is still in the hospital but progress is being made .
Festival Foods has been raising money for the couple . More than $ 6,000 has been raised so far . You can donate at the customer service desk at the Mt . Pleasant location .
The director of an accountancy firm which went up in flames on Pateley High Street has praised the work of firefighters at the scene .
Local business owners called the fire service at 7.15am when they saw smoke billowing from the basement of The Barker Partnership on the High Street today , April 24 .
Fire crews and police cordoned off the High Street from 8 - 10am , causing traffic , including buses dropping off local school children to be diverted .
Following the events , Director of the Pateley branch of The Barker Partnership thanked the emergency services for their 'prompt and professional ' approach .
Director , Stuart Strike , said : `` Following a fire at our Pateley Bridge Office earlier this morning , we would like to extend our thanks to the Firefighters of Harrogate , Masham and Summerbridge whose prompt and professional intervention ensured that the blaze was contained and that damage was kept to a minimum .
`` We are confident that the incident will not cause any significant disruption to our operations and that the office will be open for business as usual very shortly .
`` In the meantime , if you need to contact us , please phone our Harrogate Office on 01423 525641 . ''
There were no injuries or casualties reported as a result of the blaze , which started in the basement of the building and caused smoke damage throughout .
TABUK CITY , Kalinga : The Department of Public Works and Highways ( DPWH ) will spend P5.5-billion in the next five years to stop flooding from the Chico River that has been threatening lives and destroying agricultural lands and government infrastructure in the barangay ( villages ) and Pinukpuk town .
Advertisements
During typhoon “ Lawin ” in 2016 , floods from the river destroyed some 87.5 hectares of prime rice lands here which were either eroded or silted .
Affected by massive flooding are 16 villages in this city and five others in Pinukpuk , for several years .
Rep. Allen Jesse Mangaoang who initiated the project said that a lot of money has already been spent on stop gap measures to control the flooding to no avail and it is high time that a permanent solution be put in place .
They presented a project proposal to DPWH Secretary Mark Villar last November with an estimated cost of P3.5 – P4-billion but the final cost reached P5.5-billion after the plans were completed .
The main component of the project is a 300-meter wide channel from Barangay Calanan in this city to barangay Camalog of Pinukpuk , about 18 kilometers away .
Mangaoang the project will also reclaim previously eroded lands between the channel and the titled property line to be used for tourism , eco-tourism and location for government facilities including an airstrip .
The project started last August with initial funding of P130-million .
Eugene Michael Espita , Lower Kalinga District Engineering Office assistant chief for Planning Section said that as designed , the easement of the megadike , which is among the project components , will be 300 meters wide at the bottom and seven meters in height with eight-inch thick concrete revetment protected by steel sheet piles to form the walls of the channel .
With about 10,000 hectares irrigated ricelands , Tabuk City is known as the rice granary of the Cordillera.|
Estanislao Albano Jr .
North Korea has been using its embassy in Berlin to procure parts for its missile programme , the head of Germany 's BfV domestic intelligence agency told a German broadcaster .
No one at the North Korean embassy in Berlin was immediately available to comment on the allegation .
In a programme to be aired on NDR television on Monday , BfV head Hans-Georg Maassen said : “ We determined that procurement activities have been carried out from there that are , in our view , done with a view to the missile programme and sometimes also for the nuclear programme . ”
Dual-use goods
They said the matter often involved so-called dual-use goods , which can be used for both civil and military purposes .
Comments released by NDR ahead of the broadcast showed Mr Maassen said German authorities prevented such activities when they detected them , but they added : “ We ca n't guarantee that we can detect and prevent this in all cases . ”
They said it was necessary to presume that parts for North Korea 's launch programme “ were acquired via other markets , or underground buyers had acquired them in Germany ” .
North Korea has defied years of multilateral and bilateral sanctions with a weapons programme aimed at developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States . – Reuters
Joe Wright 's Darkest Hour is another in a long line of historical films centred around World War II . What marks this film as different , however , is the amount of critical acclaim it has garnered , with Gary Oldman 's performance as Winston Churchill receiving both the Golden Globe Award and Academy Award for Best Actor .
Darkest Hour is a character study of Churchill and their actions as Prime Minister in the early years of World War II . According to the film , Churchill is the exemplary Englishman ; the embodiment of ‘ Keep Calm and Carry On ' and a gruff , honorable old man who refuses to give in to the Germans . This is especially evident in a scene in the film which sees Churchill , at a loss , asking London Underground passengers their opinion on the war . Their rousing cry to continue the war cements Churchill as a man of the people . This is Joe Wright 's vision of Churchill .
Darkest Hour is part of a historical genre that combines fact and fiction . However , as it is often the case , films of this nature are viewed as entirely fact . Audiences will internalise this narrative and Wright 's vision of Churchill as the heroic man of the hour will be embedded into mainstream consciousness , authenticated by the awards it received .
It is therefore important to ensure that the historical and political reality of Churchill 's actions in government are not forgotten . Churchill was not as kind abroad as they were at home . They were a staunch imperialist , against the very possibility of Indian Home Rule . Mahatma Ghandi , who is now a revered figure worldwide , was hated by Churchill for their rhetoric against the British Empire .
While Churchill was heroically leading the charge against the Nazis , they were simultaneously allowing famine to take place . In 1943 , the Bengal Famine , a famine Churchill played a large role in , claimed the lives of three million people . They refused to allow food to be exported to India , claiming there were not enough ships . In reality , ships containing wheat from Australia would sail past India in order to be stored for the consumption of Europeans . To Churchill , the lives of Indian people were worth less than those of their European counterparts – they were expendable .
The list of Churchill 's atrocities continues , each aided by their egotism . They advocated the use of chemical weapons against the Kurds and Afghans , specifying “ I am strongly in favour of using poisoned gas against uncivilised tribes ” . They were also in favour of using Mustard gas against the Ottomans during World War I . These actions were informed by their negative views towards Muslims . In their book The River War they wrote that Islam led to an inferior society .
Winston Churchill was a hero to the West and simultaneously the cause of untold suffering to the East . Their beliefs match those of White Supremacists : “ I do not admit that a wrong has been done to these people by the fact that a stronger race , a higher-grade race , a more worldly-wise race to put it that way , has come in and taken their place. ” They refused to feel remorse for colonial violence , justified by the belief of western superiority .
The immortalisation of a single view of historical figures through the medium of film is a common occurrence . The iconic Lawrence of Arabia ( 1962 ) has become embedded in cultural memory , and its portrayal of T.E Lawrence is so well known that it has eclipsed the real events surrounding Lawrence 's involvement in the Arab revolt against the Ottoman Empire . The film encourages the view of Lawrence as a hero who united Arab tribes against the cruel Ottomans ; without their leadership and expertise , they would not have achieved anything . The film leads the audience to think that Lawrence was motivated to help due to their noble character .
In reality , Lawrence was acting in the interests of the British Empire . They manipulated the Arabs in order to defeat a threat to Britain . Furthermore , they promised independence to them knowing that the Sykes-Picot agreement would be enacted once the Ottomans were defeated . This agreement divided Ottoman territory between France and Britain . The Arabs were led to believe they were fighting for their freedom when in reality they were swapping one rule for another . Lawrence of Arabia is filled with praise for Lawrence and their actions but fails to tell the Arabs ' side of the story . They are props in order for Lawrence to achieve greatness .
Films , especially historical ones , can be dangerous . They allow for a single view to be mass-consumed , subsuming the complexities of reality into an exciting storyline . Biopics specifically must be taken with a grain of salt as they seamlessly blend fiction and fact . As audiences , we must ensure that we can distinguish between the two and avoid passively consuming a single narrative .
Image : Cecil Beaton via Wikimedia
Contact
Christina Cox
* * * @ gmail.com Christina Cox
End
-- The Hilltop Tavern and Inn will have the first in a series of live music concerts . Headlining the first event is DJ Parker Band , whoperformed a stellar set at New Blues Festival IV in Long Beach California , last Labor Day weekend . After their appearance on The Adelanto New Blues Festival main stage opening for the legendary Canned Heat in 2015 . The Victor Valley Press said , `` Wielding guitar solos that echoed throughout the stadium '' Stone Stanley is a one-man band who is delighting audiences in the high desert with their acoustic and electric roots stylings and strong vocals . The sound is more in line with blues/rock , what they call Mudstomp music . This a highlonesome style that is 1930 's street blues mixed with a strong backbeat , `` It 's like romping through the mud in a desert rain '' according to Stanley . They will be playing in the renovated bar at The Hilltop Tavern during the day.A Led Zeppelin Tribute Band , Physical Grafitti will grace the boards of the magnificent outdoor stage for trip through the seminal classic rock band 's catalog.The metal band Battle-Axe will be brought their hard rock sound to the event for this great afternoon of music in the high desert.Delta Shade is joining the line up bringing Rock n ' Roll to life . A fan is described as , `` If blues is the fuse and psych is the spark , then Delta Shade are most wcj certainly the bomb . 8lbs of exothermic rock , detonating to an explosive yield of 800 riffajoules . Favorite track : War Is Over . `` Special surprise guests to be announced soon ! Sunday , October 22 at 11 AM - 6 PMHilltop Tavern and Inn9544 Kiowa Rd , Apple Valley , California 92308General Admission is $ 10.00 - VIP $ 27.00 meal and two beverages with table service in front of stage . For advance tickets go to http : //thedjparkerband.fourfour.com/ shows ? id=99417 Young people under 21 must be accompanied by an adult , Children under 12 are free .
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD , PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
BERLIN , April 5 BlablaCar , Europe 's biggest ride-sharing startup , will offer its drivers lower-cost car deals in a partnership announced on Wednesday with Opel and Société Générale .
Paris-based BlablaCar , which lets users offer rides for cash to share their own vehicle and mileage costs , said it will begin offering Opels to some of its French drivers through Société Générale 's ALD leasing units on competitive zero-deposit terms .
The service connects regular long-distance drivers with passengers through its ride-sharing phone app , allowing car owners to cover costs but not make a profit . That shields users from regulatory and tax obligations .
BlaBlaCar , which has 9 million drivers and 40 million passengers in 22 countries , will start by offering the deals to its 28,000 most prolific users in France before deploying the programme more widely , Chief Executive Nicolas Brusson said in an interview .
`` The goal is to expand that geographically , '' Brusson said . `` We can pioneer a new approach to car ownership based on usage . ''
( Reporting by Eric Auchard , additional reporting by Laurence Frost in Paris and Edward Taylor in Frankfurt . Editing by Jane Merriman )
A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open . Hmm . Seen that before , have n't we ?
Except there was one key difference this time : For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No . 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov today , unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989 , the unorthodox strategy did n't come in a victory .
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 ( 2 ) , 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-4 , 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours , 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros .
The most memorable aspect was Donaldson 's two unusual service motions ; they won the point the first time , but not the other .
`` I would never try it if I was feeling 100 percent and stuff , '' said Donaldson , who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in their legs .
`` But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like , 'You know , maybe it 's just something that I 'll try . ' They obviously are n't expecting it , you know what I mean ? It 's kind of a cheeky way to get a point . ''
Donaldson said they have never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago . They did , however , know of the episode : Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title ; they remain the youngest man to win a major singles championship .
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic .
Quite the opposite , actually , shrugging their shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it .
`` It was beautiful , right ? '' Dimitrov said . `` He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard . ''
Before their first underhand attempt , Donaldson was actually two points from the victory , leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov 's serve . But Dimitrov took the next four points .
In the next game , at 6-all , 40-30 , Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion . They hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold .
After Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and serve for the victory , Donaldson broke right back .
In the next game , though , Donaldson could barely stand , let alone run . They double-faulted . Then they tried their second underhand serve , dropping the point . Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 lead , Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover and , soon enough , it was over .
`` It was n't that I was tired or anything , '' Donaldson said . `` It was just my leg muscles had reached their limit , basically . ''
After the final point , Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — thanking their own legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson 's gave way .
`` I had quite a little bit left in the tank , so that was great , '' said Dimitrov , who equaled their best French Open showing by reaching the third round .
Gabrielle Bates
Contact
The Gabrielle Bates
* * * @ gordonbrandinggroup.com The Gabrielle Bates
End
-- The reigning `` Jill of all Trades '' , celebrity hair stylist Gabrielle Bates launches a new sector to their budding empire . Effective May 2017 , the fresh-faced 28-year-old will take a step from behind the chair and into the forefront of the multi-billion dollar beauty industry to put on their instructor hat.Hailing from Florida , Gabrielle always had an entrepreneurial spirit—and knowing that education would give them an added boost toward success , they attended Savannah State College , The Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale and ultimately Margate School of Beauty . In 2015 , and with a `` wo n't take any '' attitude they relocated to Atlanta . Anchoring themselves in the beauty industry , they had one thing in mind—taking the industry by storm . They not only mastered the art of hair ; nails and make-up artistry are also major components of their repertoire.Since they began their career , their network has expanded beyond the scope of just one region . With their own appearance as a live billboard , fellow stylists , industry heavyweights , celebrities and upscale women worldwide have expressed admiration for their work . Them high-end clientele has taken them everywhere from Nashville to New York , Houston , Dallas , Miami and most recently , Los Angeles as a frequent stop.For 2017 , Bates ' goal is to launch a classroom-style instructional program geared toward aspiring hair stylists and beauty industry hopefuls . Skills to be taught within the curriculum include their highly sought after signature raw frontal installation technique . Following the introduction of the teaching platform , they plan to unveil a virgin hairline and brand exclusive styling products.Gabrielle aims to catapult their training classes to a nationwide platform and grow their corporation to a global status shortly thereafter . They also have plans to get in front of the camera in order to increase brand awareness and generate awareness as a voice or their clients with medical conditions . In the latter months of the year , they hope to position themselves for panel placement and ambassadorship opportunities.Thrust into such a large and daunting industry , they experienced success very quickly . Gabrielle prides themselves on the amount of personal and professional grown she 's experienced in the short time she 's been up and running.Aside from their for-profit ventures , their heart and passion for people keeps them grounded . Offering pro-bono hair units and styling services to cancer and alopecia sufferers brings their unequivocal personal award . They plan to continue these charitable actions indefinitely.Bates is an influencer who inspires others daily . Them current social media presence ( 112K+ followers ) makes them visible to a broad audience—a plus for their new ventures and boasting brand accessibility as a bridge from themselves to consumers.At the core of their success is unquestionable quality , care for others and excellent results.To inquire about upcoming classes , contact : booking @ thegabriellebates.com . For more information on Gabrielle 's other enterprises , please visit : www.TheGabrielleBates.comFor business , media and other inquiries , contact : booking @ thegabriellebates.comFollow on social media : @ TheGabrielleBates @ GabrielleBates_
ZURICH The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) is ready to use its available policy tools to stem any upward pressure on the Swiss franc that might result from France 's presidential elections , SNB Chairman Thomas Jordan said in an interview with Bloomberg TV .
`` We hope that a reasonable candidate can win -- somebody who is in favour of free markets -- but we can not exclude that there will be more pressure on the Swiss franc , '' Jordan said on the sidelines of an International Monetary Fund meeting in Washington , D.C. on Saturday . `` But as you know we also have our instruments to react to such a situation . ''
The SNB has been using negative interest rates and currency intervention to try to keep a lid on the franc , whose strength against the euro weighs on the export-led Swiss economy .
The latest data on sight deposits at the central bank , a proxy for currency interventions , showed the SNB has continued to sell francs ahead of the French presidential elections , which started on Sunday .
Alongside the intervention in the foreign exchange market , the SNB also still has `` more leverage '' on interest rates , Jordan said .
Jordan also said the SNB was in `` no hurry at all '' to normalise monetary policy and planned to maintain its expansionary policy as long as necessary to maintain appropriate monetary conditions in Switzerland .
( Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi . Editing by Jane Merriman )
BEIJING May 3 China 's state-owned refiner China National Petroleum Corp ( CNPC ) said it has loaded the first crude oil through its Myanmar-to-China pipeline , the latest step towards supplying crude to its new refinery in Yunnan province .
Some 1,150 cubic meters per hour of crude flowed into the 770-kilometre ( 480 mile ) pipeline from Tuesday , CNPC said in a statement on Tuesday .
The move comes almost a month after the first tanker carrying 140,000 tonnes of crude started discharging into the pipeline following the official launch .
CNPC 's PetroChina plans to import overseas oil and pump it through the pipeline to supply its new 260,000-barrels-per-day Anning refinery in landlocked Yunnan province .
The pipeline starts at Kyauk Phyu in Myanmar 's west and enters China at the border city Ruili and is a joint investment by CNPC and the Myanmar Oil and Gas Enterprise . ( Reporting by Josephine Mason ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
Britain 's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON , June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain 's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that they said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power , the Daily Mirror reported .
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news , analyze , spot risks and opportunities .
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT .
NEW YORK , April 3 New York lawmakers on Monday may vote to extend the state 's lapsed budget as they continue negotiating with Governor Andrew Cuomo days after the deadline for a new spending plan passed .
The state was supposed to have a budget at the start of its fiscal year 2018 on Saturday . Cuomo said late on Sunday that they would send a so-called extender budget to the legislature to last through May 31 , without which state employees would stop getting paid and government would shut down .
The state Assembly is “ having productive talks with our partners in government ” and “ prepared to pass a temporary budget extender should one be necessary to avoid a shutdown of government while we resolve these issues , ” Assembly Speaker Carl Heastie said in a statement on Sunday night .
Cuomo said leaders of both houses had assured them they could pass the extender by Monday afternoon , the deadline to keep government fully functioning .
The budget is delayed in part by debate over raising the age of adult criminal responsibility to 18 , which would leave North Carolina as the only state to automatically prosecute and imprison 16- and 17-year-olds as adults regardless of the crime .
“ There are political and ideological differences between the Senate and Assembly . We must resolve these issues . A complete budget requires it , ” Cuomo , who supports lifting the age , said in their statement .
Lawmakers and Cuomo have been divided over other issues , including a replacement for a now-expired program that gives tax breaks to affordable housing developers and extending a so-called millionaire 's tax on wealthy New Yorkers .
Cuomo also laid some blame on uncertainty about Washington 's policies , including any revised effort to overhaul the Affordable Care Act , which could strip New York of at least $ 4.6 billion of Medicaid and other funding .
“ New York State is a target for hostile federal actions ranging from severe financial cutbacks to deprivation of legal and personal rights , ” said Cuomo , a Democrat and possible 2020 presidential candidate .
The “ looming threats ” from Washington mean New York must either craft a budget deal that anticipates the state 's full financial needs or strike a deal on its own issues while remaining “ financially cautious so we can adapt to federal actions once they are determined. ” ( Reporting by Hillary Russ ; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli ) )
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Stores Waitrose , Boots and Sainsbury 's have issued food product recall notices this week .
Two health supplements , a compote and ginger in a jar are part of the warnings from the Food Standards Agency .
They are no longer for sale through the stores and anyone who has bought them should not consume them and return them to the stores for a full refund .
Boots Delicious Pineapple and Berry Compote
Boots is recalling its Delicious Pineapple and Berry Compote because it contains milk , which is not mentioned on the label .
This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents .
No other Boots products are known to be affected .
The advice from the Food Standards Agency if that if you have bought the product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents , do not eat it .
It advises returning it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund .
Boots is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations , which will tell their members about the recall .
The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers . These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product .
Product : Delicious Pineapple and Berry Compote
Pack size : 110g
Use-by date : up to and including January 30
Item Code : 80-61-068
Sushigari ginger
A range of ginger has been pulled from shelves at Waitrose and Sainsbury 's stores as some jars may contain pieces of glass .
The Sushigari product is sold through kiosks at some stores by Sushi Daily .
The Food Standards Agency says the product may contain small pieces of glass - which makes this product unsafe to eat and presents a safety risk .
Notices have been placed in stores .
A Sushi Daily spokesperson said : `` As a precautionary measure , we are asking customers who have purchased this product not to consume it but return it to their nearest store , where they will receive a full refund .
`` For any questions regarding this recall , please contact Sushi Daily directly by calling their help line on 0203 006 7896 .
`` No other Sushi Daily products have been affected and Sushi Daily would like to apologise to their customers for the inconvenience this will cause . ''
Product : Sushi Daily Sushigari
Jar size : 140g
Best before : 02/06/2018
Batch code : 18081
Optima Glucosamine tablets and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules
The Food Standards Agency has recalled Optima Glucosamine tablets and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules , available from some health stores .
It confirms that Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited is recalling Optima Glucosamine tablets , which contain fish , molluscs and crustaceans , and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules , which contain sesame and soya .
The allergens are not correctly identified on the label and are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to fish , molluscs , crustaceans , sesame or soya .
No other Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited products are known to be affected .
The advice is that if you have bought the products and have an allergy to fish and/or molluscs and/or crustaceans and/or sesame and/or soya do not eat them .
Instead return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund .
Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited has been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations , which will tell their members about the recall . The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers .
Product : Optima Glucosamine Complex
Pack size : 30 , 60 and 90 Tablets
Best before : All dates and batch codes
Product : Optima Omega Choice 3-6-9
Pack size : 120 capsules
Best before : All dates and batch codes 07515
LAGOS , Nigeria ( AP ) — French President Emmanuel Macron has shaken up a two-day visit to Nigeria with a stop at the New Afrika Shrine , a concert hall founded by the late music legend Fela Kuti .
Macron also held talks with Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari on security in Africa 's vast Sahel region as the extremist threat grows from groups linked to al-Qaida and the Islamic State organization .
Macron 's visit to Africa 's most populous nation ends Wednesday .
Their visit to the New Afrika Shrine was for a launch event for the 2020 Season of African Cultures in France .
Advertisement
Macron also is inaugurating an Alliance Francaise cultural center in Lagos and meeting young Nigerian entrepreneurs .
PARIS , April 23 A polling station in the town of Besançon in eastern France was evacuated on Sunday after a stolen vehicle was abandoned with the engine running while voting was taking place , French Interior Ministry said .
The suspicious car was flagged as stolen and had fake number plates , a ministry official told Reuters , adding that a decision was made to evacuate the polling station , while bomb disposal experts were called to examine the vehicle .
France is voting in the first round of a presidential election on Sunday amid heightened security .
Security officials have said there is a risk during the elections of a militant attack like the ones that have killed more than 230 people in the past two years in France .
More than 50,000 police and elite security units have been mobilised for election duty across France .
( Reporting by Gerard Bon ; writing by Bate Felix ; editing by Jason Neely )
BEIJING ( AP ) — China has criticized proposed U.S. investment controls as a violation of global trade rules and says it reserves the right to retaliate if they take effect .
The Commerce Ministry 's comment Thursday came as the two sides prepared for weekend talks in Beijing on American complaints about China 's trade surplus and Beijing 's promise to buy more American goods .
A ministry spokesperson , Gao Feng , said the White House proposal to restrict Chinese investment in the United States violates the `` rules and basic spirit '' of the World Trade Organization .
Gao said , `` The Chinese side will carefully evaluate the U.S. measures and reserves the right to take corresponding measures . ''
Content marketing can be one of the most effective strategies for organizations that want to build engaged audiences and garner long-term marketing wins , but the intricacies of content marketing can be intimidating , particularly if you 're working with a small or underbudgeted team .
However , whether you 're focused on building a content strategy , creating and distributing content , or measuring content performance , even one-person teams can successfully implement content marketing .
How ? Setting expectations , contracting with outside help , and staying the course with your content strategy can help you achieve big content wins even with small teams .
1 . Set expectations ( and benchmarks )
Content marketing is ultimately a long-term strategy . Though some content can garner early brand-awareness and audience-building wins , you do n't typically see the same immediate results or measurable returns that you would with pay-per-click advertising or email marketing , for example .
For small organizations that have limited brand awareness or audiences , content marketing can take 6-18 months to bear fruit . For these organizations , the key to creating big wins is to think months ahead and to set realistic performance expectations as part of their content strategy .
Start by assessing your current content marketing performance to create a benchmark for your ongoing efforts .
To collect insight on your website , mobile , and social channels , use Google Analytics , Simply Measured , Mixpanel , or other analytics platforms .
Also use tools such as Ahrefs , Moz , and SEMrush to monitor keyword rankings , SEO , and general search visibility metrics ; moreover , to benchmark email effectiveness , look at data from your email service or automation providers , such as Marketo , MailChimp , and VerticalResponse .
After assessing the performance of your current marketing channels , collect these metrics in a spreadsheet . Those metrics could include the following :
Web traffic , time on site , bounce rate , unique visitors , return visitors , etc .
Social traffic , shares , comments , mentions , and other engagement metrics .
Email audience growth , open rate , bounce rate , CTA clicks , etc .
Keyword rank , organic traffic , etc .
If your team has n't invested in marketing , email , or analytics software , you will have to log your metrics manually by grabbing social information from the social platforms themselves , collect blog information from WordPress or other CMS , and so on .
Setting benchmarks is important to understand what type of results you can realistically expect from your content marketing and for identifying high-performing content down the road .
2 . Contract outside resources
The reality of working with a small team is that there is a mountain of tasks to accomplish and only so much time in the day . Compound those pressures with performance expectations and the need to maintain content quality standards , and you have the recipe for a stressful working environment .
For small teams to achieve big wins , they must remain focused on their larger content strategy and experiment with outside resources , such as freelancers and agencies , and contracted employees .
The key is to find resources that help your team directly execute content that aligns with your content strategy ; to keep a lean team and respect your budgetary constraints , immediately cut anyone who does n't fit .
To find success with freelancers or an agency , you must set them up for success :
Provide clear performance expectations .
Share brand style guides , contributor guidelines , goals , and other relevant marketing team activities .
Organize your marketing programs to avoid confusion .
Concentrate on transparent communication to create win-win scenarios .
Outside resources can make small marketing teams more effective by adding more hands on deck , diversifying the expertise on the team , and providing flexible resources that can be used to scale ; the challenge is to build long-term working relationships that can keep costs low .
Small teams must aim to create repeat engagements with outside resources to ...
Execute content more efficiently while maintaining quality standards
Remain more agile and flexible in their content efforts
Avoid costly onboarding and industry training time
Eliminate the need for a W2 hire and cut down on HR costs
Overall , freelancers and agencies can be your secret weapon to highly effective marketing teams . And , if managed well and tactfully , they can be a more budget-friendly option than internal hires .
3 . Stay the course
Since content marketing is a marathon strategy , the key to achieving big results is to consistently experiment with new content campaigns , concentrate on building terrific brand experiences , and grow your audience and community over time .
In 2016 , fully 70 % of B2B marketers rated their content strategy more effective than in the previous year—a testament to their ongoing and evolving content efforts .
To stay the course , set deadlines and create an editorial calendar that keeps your team action-oriented . Doing so can be as simple as requiring an article every week or publishing on social media daily . The key is to set goals and make sure you can execute , day in and day out .
Next , plan a content distribution strategy or a distribution checklist for your content efforts to make sure you are paying attention to promoting your content each time you publish .
Though content distribution can seem straightforward , there are several tactics to consider making your processes more effective . My distribution checklist , for example , looks like this :
Share content on Facebook , LinkedIn , Twitter , and Pinterest .
Start discussions on Reddit , Inbound , GrowthHackers , and Quora .
Add to Post Planner rotation and Sprout Social .
Tag and mention any organizations , employees , or influencers discussed in the content .
Syndicate content on LinkedIn Pulse and Medium .
Add a snippet to my website .
Promote in Slack communities ; # StuffYouWrote , # Promotion , and other channels .
Share in relevant LinkedIn groups .
Each of your marketing channels has unique audience expectations , variable feature sets , format considerations , and other factors that could affect your distribution strategy .
* * *
Have you found big content wins—even though you were on a small marketing team ? Have you ever built a content strategy on your own ? Have you scaled your content efforts with freelancers or agencies ? Let you fellow marketers know in the comments section , below .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Invasion Championship Wrestling co-founders Mike Chisholm and Mike Rizzo with a $ 3,000 donation to one of the charity recipients the Okanagan YMCA Strong Kids program , represented by ( from left ) Rhonda Zakala and Erica Marshall . Photo : Barry Gerding/Black Press
Some people might view wrestling as a sport . Others see it as entertainment .
For Mike Chisholm , co-founder of Invasion Championship Wrestling , they see wrestling as an interactive artform .
However you want to describe it , the Invasion Wrestling events , which Chisholm and their partner Mike Rizzo started in the fall of 2013 , have evolved into unique fundraisers .
Chisholm estimates the wrestling cards have generated more than $ 100,000 in donations to local charity groups both in Kelowna and Vernon .
“ We are very , very proud of how it has gone , ” Chisholm said . “ There is nothing else like it in the Okanagan . It is something other than a golf tournament or a walk , a community event that helps support some awesome charitable causes . ”
Chisholm says they enjoy watching a parent bringing young children to the wrestling matches and getting caught up in the drama unfolding .
“ They may be sitting there a little sheepish at first while their kids are jumping up and down but within 10 minutes of the show starting , a suspension of disbelief kicks in and then they are standing up and screaming as well .
“ Wrestling is a very interactive event . Wrestlers feed off the crowd 's energy and we get great crowds at our events . The energy is that room is truly contagious . We have a following now and we feel we 've tapped into something special , and we are very excited about that . ”
Invasion Championship Wrestling returns this weekend with Rumble in Rutland on Friday , 7:30 p.m. , at Centennial Hall ; and Danger Zone on Saturday , 7:30 p.m. , at the Vernon Recreation Centre . Tickets are available at kelownainvasion.com .
At the press conference announcing the Invasion Wrestling cards for this weekend , the latest donation recipients were also unveiled—Mamas for Mamas received $ 4,000 , Okanagan Boys and Girls Club $ 4,000 and Okanagan YMCA Strong Kids campaign $ 3,000 .
Similar donations will also go to the boys and girls club and North Okanagan Neurological Association in Vernon .
Shannon Christensen , executive director and founder of the poverty relief support group Mamas for Mamas , said the Invasion wrestling donations have helped keep their doors open as a community funded service with not as yet any provincial funding support .
“ To keep our doors open we are out hustling and working with people like you to be part of something bigger than ourselves , ” said Christensen in accepting the donation cheque from Chisholm on Tuesday .
“ ( Mamas for Mamas ) gives so much hope to moms , dads and kids who are just trying to get by . We can do better and because of you guys we are doing better . We are a movement , not a moment , and you are all now part of that movement . ”
Rhonda Zakala , Okanagan YMCA general manager of fund development , also touched on the child poverty aspect of the donation support , noting the recent BC Child Poverty rate study found in some catchment areas of Kelowna more than 40 per cent of children is living below the poverty line .
“ I am so proud to be in the ring with these other amazing charities and what they give back to the community as well , ” Zakala said . “ It 's so important we all keep our doors open to help those in need in our community . ”
Chisholm is excited about some new aspects of this year 's Invasion Championship Wrestling weekend , starting with the participation of wrestling legend Mick Foley , a WWE Hall of Fame inductee .
“ Mick was here two years ago and fell in love with the Okanagan and developed a relationship with the Mamas for Mamas charity . They even became an honourary Mama , ” they said .
“ We are delighted to have this relationship with Mick , and it would n't happen without the dynamic and amazing charities in the valley we support . ”
Beyond their appearance at the wrestling events this weekend , Foley will also host a wrestling seminar at Centennial Hall on Friday , 3 p.m. , with up and coming wrestlers from across the Pacific Northwest invited to attend , with the potential opportunity to take part in the Vernon ‘ battle royal ' match on Saturday .
“ He does n't do this kind of thing very often but we are happy to be able to give back to the independent wrestling community in this way , ” Chisholm said .
Foley will also do a meet-and-greet event in Vernon with all the other wrestlers on Saturday , 3 p.m. , at the Wings Tap & Grill restaurant , and they will give a retrospective on their wrestling career at the Rutland Wings restaurant , located in Willow Park Shopping Centre , on Sunday night .
To report a typo , email : edit @ kelownacapnews.com .
@ BarryGerding
barry.gerding @ blackpress.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
COPENHAGEN , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Danske Bank 's fourth-quarter pretax profit came in at 6.73 billion Danish crowns ( $ 1.13 billion ) , beating the 6.45 billion expected in a Reuters poll of analysts .
The bank , Denmark 's largest , also said it expected a net profit this year of between 18 and 20 billion crowns , down from 20.9 billion in 2017 .
An unholy row has erupted in Cookstown over the erection of Irish language signage at the entrance to the town 's cemetery .
Ulster Unionist Party councillor Trevor Wilson said they have been contacted by numerous people who are “ deeply annoyed ” by the signage .
“ Many Protestants feel that this is a deliberate attempt by Sinn Fein/SDLP to force Irish on a community they know has very little or no interest in it , ” they said .
“ They know it will offend , that it will hurt , that it will anger many people , yet this is what they seem intent on doing . ”
But Sinn Fein group leader on the council , Ronan McGinley , hit back , describing the Cookstown UUP man 's comments as “ inflammatory ” .
“ The suggestion that anyone would be offended by an Irish language sign at a cemetery is yet another example of stubborn opposition to anything that reflects the Irish identity , ” they said .
And SDLP councillor Malachy Quinn said they were “ saddened ” by Mr Wilson 's comments .
“ He says that many ‘ Protestants ' have been angered by the sign , I was n't aware that language belongs to a religious domination and to suggest so only plays into a sectarian divide , ” they said .
“ Indeed it 's a language spoken throughout the island and beyond by people of all colours and creeds . ”
Mr Wilson went on to accuse SF/SDLP of insensitivity towards the unionist population . “ Of what advantage is Irish language signage at the cemetery entrance ? Absolutely none . They care not one jot who they offend or hurt and I can assure you the promotion of Irish language in this way is set to escalate throughout Mid Ulster .
“ Of course , there is no reason to fear a language . However , when it is used as a political weapon , knowing that it will hurt and offend at least one section of the community and heighten tension , then the motive behind the decision to erect Irish language signage on all council property is questionable and the issue of community relations seems to be of limited importance , ” they added .
Mr McGinley said : “ Mid Ulster Council adopted a dual language signage policy in March 2017 following demand from those who live and pay rates within the council area .
“ The development of the bilingual signage scheme was an inclusive process , with all parties able to contribute and express their viewpoint . ”
Mr Quinn pointed out that Mid Ulster has had a dual-language policy for all its property for the past four years .
“ It comes as a bit of a surprise that Mr Wilson is raising the issue now at this time of year , on a site used by all religions and none , ” they added .
“ I find it very hard to believe that anyone is offended by a language but perhaps it 's just because it 's the Irish language ? It seems to me that this statement is more about stoking tensions than helping to solve them and I urge Mr Wilson to join the SDLP in helping to ease fears and tensions in Mid Ulster . ”
A council spokesperson said : “ In its Irish language policy , which was agreed in December 2015 , the council committed to the erection of signage in both English and Irish on its properties and the new signage at council cemeteries is a part of the phased implementation of the signage programme . ”
A gaur that was recused last week from a snare is being transferred to Phnom Tamao Wildlife Rescue Centre . Photo supplied
Baby gaur saved from snare in B'bang forest
A baby gaur has been rescued from a poacher 's trap in Battambang and is recovering at Phnom Tamao Wildlife Rescue Centre in Takeo , officials said yesterday .
Concerned villagers found the wild animal caught in a trap made of string at the foot of a mountain in a forest in Rokhakiri district 's Basak commune .
District Governor Pich Malai , who originally misidentified the animal as an endangered banteng , said despite authorities educating people about hunting wildlife , some still continued to lay traps . “ Fortunately , we found it in time , or else it might be slaughtered already . At the time , the hunter was not seen , ” Malai said .
The forest , they said , apart from being home to the “ vulnerable ” species of gaur , also hosts peacocks , red deer and banteng .
Prey Svay Forestry Administration chief You Panhavoan said the gaur was trapped by its hind leg and had sustained superficial scratches but no serious injuries .
Panhavoan said they did not know for how long the gaur was trapped , but said it was kept in Basak commune for a night before it was transported to Takeo yesterday .
Nhek Rattanakpich , director of the Phnom Tamao zoo and rescue centre , identified the animal as a 1-year-old gaur , and said veterinarians were tending to its swollen leg and diarrhoea possibly caused by heat and fear of people .
COLUMN-Yes , disability insurance really is part of Social Security
CHICAGO , June 15 Quiz time : what do the letters “ SS ” stand for in SSDI ?
The DUP has indicated its continuing support for under-fire Theresa May , after rebel Tory MPs called for a leadership challenge .
However , the party has said it will continue to work alongside the government , regardless of who is in charge .
The prime minister has brushed aside calls to stand aside , insisting they would carry on providing “ calm leadership ” at the head of the government .
In their first public appearance since their chaotic party conference speech in Manchester on Wednesday , Mrs May said they had the “ full support ” of their Cabinet .
And their political allies in Northern Ireland , the DUP have also come to Mrs May 's defence .
After the disastrous general election result in June saw the Tories lose their Commons majority , the DUP signed a confidence and supply agreement with the party , in return for an extra £1bn funding for Northern Ireland .
When asked their thoughts on the leadership challenge , DUP MP Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said Mrs May “ continues to have our support ” .
However , they told the News Letter their party would “ not get involved in internal Tory matters ” .
The Lagan Valley MP added : “ The deal we made was with the Conservative party and we will continue to work with the government to get us through Brexit .
“ The current difficulties in the Tory party do not help in terms of negotiating the best deal possible with Brussels and I hope it can be resolved quickly , because that is in the best interests of the country . ”
Yesterday , loyalist MPs claimed a backbench plot to oust Mrs May from Number 10 was set to “ fizzle out ” after former party chairperson Grant Shapps was identified as the ringleader .
Mr Shapps , who has claimed to have the backing of around 30 MPs – with some Cabinet members also privately offering support – said the demands for an election were growing .
Mr Shapps was a minister in David Cameron 's government , but some Conservative MPs have said they lack support in the party and is “ embittered ” .
Nadhim Zahawi , an ally of the former premier , said Mr Shapps has “ misjudged ” the situation .
Charles Walker , vice chairperson of the powerful Conservative backbench 1922 Committee , said the attempt to force a leadership contest lacked credibility and was doomed to fail .
Arriving for a charity coffee morning in their Maidenhead constituency yesterday , the prime minister was determined to present an image of business as normal .
“ Now what the country needs is calm leadership , and that 's what I am providing with the full support of my Cabinet , ” they said .
“ Next week I am going to be updating MPs on my Florence speech , which has given real momentum to the Brexit talks , and I will also be introducing a draft Bill to cap energy prices , which will stop ordinary working families from being ripped off . ”
After Mr Shapps was named by the The Times as the leader of a group of around 30 Tory MPs planning to send a delegation to Mrs May to tell them they must go , they accused the party whips of leaking their name in an attempt to “ smoke out ” the rebels .
The plan , they said , had been for a group – including five ex-Cabinet ministers – to approach Mrs May in private with a list of names to avoid the “ embarrassment ” of a formal leadership challenge .
But those loyal to the prime minister said it was clear that the rebels lacked the 48 MPs they needed to force a contest under the party rules , and questioned whether they could even muster as many as 30 .
Mr Shapps insisted support for a leadership election was growing among a “ broad spread ” of MPs from across the party .
“ They are Remainers , they are Brexiteers , ” Mr Shapps told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
“ A growing number of my colleagues , we realise that the solution is n't to bury our heads in the sand and just hope things will get better .
“ It never worked out for Brown or Major and I do n't think it is going to work out here either . ”
They were angrily denounced by MPs loyal to the prime minister , with Mr Walker dismissing their supporters as a “ coalition of the disappointed ” who had been overlooked for promotion .
“ Number 10 must be delighted to learn that it is Grant Shapps leading this alleged coup , ” they told the BBC .
“ Grant has many talents but one thing they do n't have is a following in the party .
“ What you are seeing here is probably the coalition of disappointed people who think their brilliant political talents have not been fully recognised . ”
Senior ministers continued to rally round Mrs May , with Environment Secretary Michael Gove – who ran against them in last year 's leadership contest – saying the “ entirety ” of the Cabinet , wanted them to carry on .
“ She showed an amazing degree of resilience and courage this week , of a piece with the fantastic leadership they have shown through the time that they have been prime minister , ” they said .
For Nairobi-based journalist Soila Kenya , technology is a tool to unearth the truth . They recount an attack by terrorist group al-Shabab last year , when militants struck an army base in Kulbiyow , Somalia . Kenya 's defense forces downplayed the damage and claimed they had repelled the attackers .
But satellite stills and drone footage told a different tale .
Analysts from African Defense Review and research group Bellingcat found militants had in fact overrun the base — and inflicted heavy casualties in the process .
Satellite technology unearthed something that `` really would not have been possible otherwise , '' said Kenya .
Drones can get access to difficult terrain
Fact-checking is not the only area in which technology can aid reporting . Drones and sensors help journalists reach regions they ca n't easily access on foot , said South African journalist and director of NGO Code for Africa Justin Arenstein . The civil war in Syria , for instance , attracted more media attention than the one in the Democratic Republic of Congo , they said .
`` Although there are bigger movements of people and reports of larger numbers of civilian deaths out of the Congo , it 's receiving far less attention , simply because there 's no visual evidence of this happening , they added .
Tracking underreported stories
Tech can help shine light on underreported issues by making them visible — just like movements in war zones . One project tracked land-grabbing in South Africa 's vast Kruger National Park . Satellite images and drone footage showed how communities were pushed out to make space for game reserves built by billionaires .
Another project used underwater microphones to catch illegal dynamite fishing off the Tanzanian coast that 's destroying marine habitats . When the sensors detect an explosion , a drone is automatically dispatched and a reporting crew alerted . Over time , the data generated by these 'hydrophones ' can be used to detect patterns .
A third distributed phone-like sensors to map air pollution in Kenya 's smoggy capital Nairobi , crowdsourcing data that is not collected by the government .
A new way of telling old stories
`` I am trying to use a new tool , a new technology , to look at an old problem , '' said photographer Johnny Miller , founder of the nonprofit network africanDrone , whose flying cameras have documented inequality from Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , to Nairobi , Kenya . The project has spread to Mexico and the US as well .
A concrete wall separates this golf course in Durban , South Africa , from an informal settlement
These stories are not new . South Africa , where Miller started their `` Unequal Scenes '' project , was ranked the most unequal country in the world by the World Bank in 2017 . Miller 's images show the contrast of luxury mansions sat beside densely-packed slums from a perspective rarely seen before . `` Drones disturb you , shake you up , '' they said .
Game over for drones ?
One reason drones have gotten off the ground so quickly was the lack of legislation prohibiting their use . This is starting to change . South Africa was the first nation in sub-Saharan Africa to put regulations in place curbing the rights of drone pilots , requiring them to go through a lengthy and costly registration and certification process .
More African countries are following suit . Kenya and Tanzania , for instance , require pilots to register their drones and obtain a license from civil aviation authorities — even though there are no official training organizations in these countries to obtain these licenses . In Rwanda , foreign drones have to be operated by Rwandan citizens or businesses . A further headache for pilots and lawmakers is whether drones , which fly with some degree of autonomy , count as toy aircraft or flying robots .
Watch video 02:46 Share Zanzibar – drones to the rescue Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http : //p.dw.com/p/2dOr5 Zanzibar – drones to the rescue
While regulations can help protect the public from dangerous flying — such as drifting too close to buildings , airports and crowds — they are often restrictive .
Miller says citizen journalists , artists and small business owners are being held back from using drones because getting a license is complicated and expensive . The new regulations are a sign that many African governments recognize the empowering potential of drone technology , they added — they fear it gives citizens `` too much power . ''
They said legal barriers could perpetuate the inequality already in place in many African countries if access to drones remains in the hands of the wealthy .
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:28 Atascadero 's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:30 How Cambria 's colorful , often kooky , scarecrows are made
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actor Carrie Fisher dies at age 60
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
“ Lunch shaming ” has become a common practice in the U.S. and the matter has become so serious , it 's reached Billings Public Schools .
New Mexico recently made it illegal for schools to stigmatize students who can not afford to pay for their food at school . This came after an incident from Alabama came into the limelight where a child lacking funds for lunch was stamped on the arm with “ I Need Lunch Money. ” In some schools , such children are singled out by being forced to clean cafeteria tables to pay their debit or having their hot food thrown away in front of their eyes .
Now , on April 17 , Billings Public Schools also known as School District 2 trustees decided to take it upon themselves to prevent “ lunch-shaming. ” They therefore aim to `` insure compliance with federal reporting requirements for the USDA ( United States Department of Agriculture ) Child Nutrition Program . ''
The USDA announced that schools will now deal with students differently if they can not afford their meals . Under the new law , school goers can sign up for free or reduced lunch programs based on their family 's income . Elementary students will receive five free passes for lunch if they run out of balance in their account after which they get a “ designated menu alternate ” which includes items such as `` cheese sandwich , veggie sticks , fruit and milk . ”
However , high school students who often pay for their lunch in full will not receive free passes in case they run out of cash , but can sign up for alternate meals . High schoolers on low price meals will get the five passes .
`` If a student is without meal money on a consistent basis , the administration will investigate the situation more closely and take further action as needed . If financial hardship exists , parents and families are encouraged to apply for free or reduced-price lunches for their child , ” the policy further specifies .
All the above policies are set to be implemented by July 1 , by which they will also be communicated to parents and staff . The USDA will soon require all school districts to have set policies on how to deal with children who can not pay up for their food .
`` We 're saying feed these children first , and let the grownups sort out the finances , '' says Jennifer Ramo , who 's with the anti-hunger group , New Mexico Appleseed .
`` I 'm hoping communities really put pressure on their own districts to say , 'We want our children fed , ' '' they added .
Hopefully , the introduction of these new policies will remove the discrimination between students of different socio-economic backgrounds and prevent children from being degraded if they ca n't afford their food .
May 2 Edgewell Personal Care Co
* Edgewell personal care announces second quarter fiscal 2017 results and updates fiscal year 2017 financial outlook
* Q2 adjusted earnings per share $ 1.21
* Q2 GAAP earnings per share $ 1.14
* Q2 sales $ 611 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 608.1 million
* Q2 earnings per share view $ 1.13 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share $ 3.80 to $ 4.00
* Sees FY 2017 GAAP earnings per share $ 3.50 to $ 3.70
* For fiscal 2017 , co is revising its organic net sales outlook to be about flat versus prior outlook of up single digits
* FY 2017 reported net sales are now expected to be down about 1 pct ,
* FY2017 earnings per share view $ 3.77 , revenue view $ 2.36 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Category softness that co is seeing in U.S. , particularly in wet shave , creates a challenging environment going forward Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 30 FINRA :
* Receives SEC approval on rule proposal addressing financial exploitation of seniors
* Firms will be required to make reasonable efforts to obtain name and contact information for a trusted contact person for a customer 's account
* Firms will be permitted to place temporary hold on disbursement of funds or securities when there is reasonable belief of financial exploitation
* Prior to implementation date , FINRA will amend its new account application template to capture trusted contact person information
* Issued regulatory notice 17-11 announcing a February 5 , 2018 effective date for the rule proposal Source text for Eikon : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 806 749 1136 )
FILE PHOTO : The logo of Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , is seen at their offices in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Employees at Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , work at their offices in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Notes written on a glass panel are seen at the offices of Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Employees at Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , work at their offices in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Employees at Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , work at their offices in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : An employee writes notes on a glass panel at the offices of Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : A woman enters the offices of Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
RAMALLAH , West Bank/TEL AVIV The backstreets of Ramallah are a long way from Silicon Valley , but a niche venture capital fund is trying to narrow the gap with a focus on early-stage Palestinian tech startups .
With backing from Cisco , the Google Foundation , the European Investment Fund and others , Sadara Ventures is making gradual inroads in the West Bank , the Palestinian territory long occupied by Israel , financing six companies so far .
Launched in 2011 by Saed Nashef , a Palestinian-American who was a software engineer at Microsoft before setting up their own companies , and Yadin Kaufmann , an Israeli-American who helped pioneer venture capital in Israel , Sadara raised $ 30 million for its first fund and plans to invest it over 10 years . In a sign of confidence , a second fund is being considered .
`` We 're likely to raise another fund in the months ahead that would be larger than the existing one , '' said Kaufmann , adding that beyond the six firms backed so far , they and Nashef were looking at one or two others for the existing fund .
The biggest success at this stage is Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , which on March 29 raised a further $ 25 million from investors , including GE Ventures , and has seen orders double in the last quarter .
Freightos has offices in Jerusalem and Ramallah , where chief technology officer Fareed Qaddoura , previously a programing manager at Amazon , oversees around 70 R & D staff .
Other firms in Sadara 's portfolio include Yamsafer , an online travel service focused on Arab-world clients , SoukTel , which provides digital communications to aid agencies and others working in hostile or hard-to-reach environments , and an Arabic-language medical consultancy called WebTeb .
For Nashef , who lives in Jerusalem and splits their time between the West Bank and the United States , there is no doubt Palestinians have the drive and ideas to succeed as entrepreneurs . The challenges lie elsewhere .
`` The biggest obstacles they face are access and exposure , '' they said , referring to the ability to get out of the West Bank and learn from what is going on in the startup world in the United States or neighboring Israel , where the venture capital and startup culture is well-funded and flourishing .
`` That 's an outcome of the political situation that can not be ignored , '' they said , referring to Israel 's occupation , which limits movement for Palestinians in and out of the West Bank and Gaza . `` But also , it has to be said that Palestine is not exactly top of mind when people think of tech investment . ''
SLOW AND STEADY
As a result , Palestinian entrepreneurs need to have more grit and investors need to take more risks .
`` When we started the fund , we made sure the limited partners were aware of the risks , that they should n't be looking for the standard VC returns they get in Silicon Valley , '' they said .
While those partners - who also include the Soros Economic Development Fund , AOL founder Steve Case 's foundation and former eBay president Jeff Skoll 's foundation - want to make money , they also think about what Nashef refers to as `` the double bottom-line '' : earning a profit and having a social impact .
The companies Sadara has backed employ more than 200 people and have generated investment of $ 74 million , including Freightos ' latest fund-raising round , which has a knock-on impact economically and is part of the process of building a `` tech ecosystem '' in the Palestinian territories .
While at a political level relation between the Palestinian territories and Israel remain fraught and at times violent , in terms of business and investment , there are daily low-level interactions , including among tech companies . Some Israeli firms employ Palestinian programmers , and Israeli-Arabs increasingly work in the tech sector .
Nashef acknowledges that in some respects the fund is behind projections -- it wanted to have invested in around 12 companies over five years -- but in other ways the landscape in the West Bank has been transformed since it started .
There are now four active funds , whether venture capital or private equity , scouting Palestinian tech investments , three or four `` accelerators '' and a total of 17 VC-backed startups . Six years ago , there was none of that .
Kaufmann points out that about 2,000 Palestinians graduate with IT degrees each year , but many go on to work for PalTel , the main telecoms company . The challenge is to create a pool of entrepreneurial talent and prevent it going abroad .
`` The first generation of Palestinian startups are not pushing the envelope on technology innovation , '' they said . `` The innovation is much more on the marketing side , adapting solutions that have been proven to work in other markets ... that 's the low-hanging fruit . ''
Nashef agrees there is a need to walk before running .
`` You ca n't import talent at scale , and domestically it will take a long time to build the necessary skills without the right startup culture and experience , '' they said . But they remain optimistic . `` On both the financial and the impact side of the investment , I am positive , '' said Nashef .
The proof will be if they can achieve an `` exit '' -- growing a company to an IPO or finding someone who wants to buy it .
`` What every VC aims for is exits , '' said Kaufmann . `` We certainly hope and expect that among our portfolio there will be companies that have successful exits , more likely acquisitions rather than IPOs , in the near future . ''
Nashef put a 4-5 year timeline on it . `` A Palestinian exit , that 's what we 're after . An end-to-end Palestinian story . ''
( Writing by Luke Baker ; editing by Giles Elgood )
Serbian Prime Minister and presidential candidate Aleksandar Vucic prepares their ballot at a polling station during the presidential election in Belgrade , Serbia , April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Antonio Bronic
Serbian Prime Minister and presidential candidate Aleksandar Vucic walks with their daughter Milica Vucic after voting in the presidential election in Belgrade , Serbia , April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Antonio Bronic
Presidential candidate Sasa Jankovic , their wife Slavica and their son leave a polling station during elections in Belgrade , Serbia April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
Student and presidential candidate Luka Maksimovic , also known as 'Beli ' , smiles before casting their vote at a polling station during elections in Mladenovac , Serbia April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marko Djurica
A woman casts a vote at a polling station during the presidential election in Belgrade , Serbia , April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Antonio Bronic
A woman casts their vote at a polling station during Serbian presidential election in the ethnically divided town of Mitrovica , Kosovo April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Agron Beqiri
Student and presidential candidate Luka Maksimovic , also known as 'Beli ' , casts their vote at a polling station during elections , in Mladenovac , Serbia April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marko Djurica
People wait in line to cast their votes at a polling station during Serbian presidential election in the ethnically divided town of Mitrovica , Kosovo April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Agron Beqiri
Presidential candidate Sasa Jankovic casts their vote at a polling station during elections in Belgrade , Serbia April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Djordje Kojadinovic
Student and presidential candidate Luka Maksimovic , also known as 'Beli ' , talks to media after casting their vote at a polling station during elections , in Mladenovac , Serbia April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marko Djurica
A man casts their vote at a polling station during Serbian presidential election in the ethnically divided town of Gracanica , Kosovo April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Hazir Reka
Milica Vucic , daughter of Serbian Prime Minister and presidential candidate Aleksandar Vucic ( behind ) , places their ballot into the ballot box at a polling station during the presidential election in Belgrade , Serbia , April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Antonio Bronic
Serbian Prime Minister and presidential candidate Aleksandar Vucic speaks after their win in presidential election at their headquarters in Belgrade , Serbia , April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Antonio Bronic
Serbian Prime Minister and presidential candidate Aleksandar Vucic celebrates their win in presidential election at their headquarters in Belgrade , Serbia , April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Antonio Bronic
BELGRADE Conservative Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic won Serbia 's presidential election on Sunday by a huge margin , confirming their domination of the Balkan country as they pursue a delicate balancing act between Europe and Russia .
Vucic , 47 , avoided a run-off by taking around 55 percent of votes ; their nearest rival , opposition candidate and former rights advocate Sasa Jankovic , trailed on just over 16 percent , according to a two projections by polling groups CRTA and Ipsos .
Vucic will take on the largely ceremonial post at the end of May , but is expected to retain de facto power through their control of Serbia 's ruling Progressive Party .
The result marked a political humiliation for Serbia 's beleaguered opposition parties , which say Vucic 's rule is increasingly autocratic .
Vucic made clear their change of job would not alter the former Yugoslav republic 's geopolitical balance between the European Union , which Vucic wants Serbia to join , and Russia , with which Serbs share their Orthodox Christian faith and Slavic heritage .
They thanked German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Russian President Vladimir Putin , both of whom they met during the election campaign .
`` For me it is important this election demonstrated that a large majority of Serbian citizens favours the continuation of the European path while maintaining close ties with China and Russia , '' Vucic told cheering supporters .
Despite economic growth and greater fiscal stability , Serbia remains mired in poverty and corruption . But to their supporters , Vucic is a firm hand in a troubled region .
`` I voted for stability , we 've had enough wars , '' said Bozica Ivanovic , a 65-year-old pensioner who voted for Vucic . `` We need more jobs for younger people and if we can get higher pensions and salaries , even better . ''
'HYPOCRISY '
Vucic 's opponents , however , say they have an authoritarian streak that has led them to take control over the media in Serbia since their party rose to power in 2012 and they became prime minister three years ago .
They deny the charge but has struggled to shake it given their record when last in government in the dying days of Yugoslavia .
Then in their late 20s , Vucic was Serbia 's feared information minister behind draconian legislation designed to muzzle criticism of the government during the 1998-99 Kosovo war .
`` If there 's no second round , that means we live in a society that is politically immature , '' sociologist Jovo Bakic told N1 television . `` Where else do you not get a second round ? In North Korea . ''
Twenty-five-year-old student Luka Maksimovic , who ran as a white-suited parody of a sleazy political fraudster called Ljubisa `` Beli '' Preletacevic , came third with just over nine percent , picking up the votes of Serbs disillusioned with the country 's political class .
`` I voted for Beli , '' said 30-year-old Dejan Markovic , an unemployed metalworker . `` The so-called opposition candidates have betrayed us in the past and Vucic is lying to us all now , so Beli is the only way to mock all this hypocrisy . ''
As president , Vucic will have few formal powers , among them the right to send legislation back to parliament for reconsideration .
But they are widely expected to appoint a loyal ally as prime minister and try to keep a tight rein on policy , as former President Boris Tadic , then of the Democratic Party , did between 2004 and 2012 .
Some analysts said that could prove difficult .
`` Vucic will now be distanced from everyday policy-making and executive affairs and will have to rely on a proxy , '' Eurasia Group wrote on March 30 . `` This will likely generate some tensions in the chain of command . ''
( Writing by Matt Robinson ; Editing by Ralph Boulton and Meredith Mazzilli )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The government should bridge the disparity in cancer treatment for rich and poor patients given the skyrocketing cost of cancer care and medication .
The suggestion was made on Tuesday by Sen. Juan Edgardo Angara , who had filed Senate Bill ( SB ) 1570 , or the National Integrated Cancer Control Act , which seeks to make cancer treatment and care more affordable for all Filipinos .
SB 1570 provides for a P30-billion cancer assistance fund to support the medical and treatment assistance program for cancer patients , especially those who belong to the most vulnerable sectors of society .
“ Treating cancer is n't cheap . The average cost for a year 's worth of treatment could run into hundreds of thousands to millions of pesos , ” Angara said .
Because of the high cost , they noted , people with advanced cancer turn down recommended care while other cancer patients and their families use up all or most of their savings to pay for treatment .
It is high time the government come up with an integrated and comprehensive approach to bridge the divide between rich and poor cancer patients , Angara said .
“ We need to develop a system in which all people with cancer have access to high-quality and affordable cancer treatments , ” they added .
The senator said cancer is a complex and catastrophic disease that is an urgent public health concern as they pressed for patients ' increased access to drugs for cancer treatment and expanded coverage for preventive and diagnostic services .
They raised the need to institutionalize a systematic , well-organized , well-coordinated and well-funded , patient- and family-centered integrated cancer control programs at all levels of the existing health care delivery system .
Angara also noted that many of the medical advances that allow cancer patients to live longer come at a high cost , and chemotherapy is one of the most expensive parts of treatment .
Other cancer care expenses include doctor and clinic visits , radiation treatments , imaging tests like X-rays and MRIs , hospital stays , surgery and home care , they said .
SB 1570 also seeks to expand current benefits from the Philippine Health Insurance Corp. or PhilHealth to include screening , detection , diagnosis , treatment assistance , palliative and supportive care , survivorship follow-up care and rehabilitation .
This expansion covers all types and stages of cancer of patients regardless of age .
Lane hoggers , tail-gaters and frequent lane-changers are among the most annoying bugbears for motorists , according to new research .
Nine in ten drivers get annoyed by others , with tailgating being the most popular annoyance winding up over three quarters of Brits .
The detailed report - which lists 50 driving habits most unpopular with the UK 's easily-annoyed motorists - also listed road users cutting in at the last minute , those who pull out of a junction too slowly and failing to stop for a red light also infuriate drivers .
Unsurprisingly , nearly two thirds of those polled admitted their own driving can be affected by irritants on the road , and at times they do n't drive as safely as they should themselves when trying to avoid other annoying drivers .
David Carter from Accident Advice Helpline , who commissioned the study said : “ It 's understandable for motorists to get frustrated but we are all guilty of causing danger to other road users when driving .
“ It 's important to not let your emotions get the better of you when other motorists are driving dangerously , as this wo n't always end well . ”
Drivers who ‘ rev ' at traffic lights , those who are slow to pull out and taking too long to park are among the top 50 bugbears .
‘ Rubberneckers ' who slow down traffic to inspect accidents annoy three in ten Brits , while four in ten get irritated by those who skip red lights and those who do n't stop at zebra crossings .
Middle lane hogs
And 54 per cent of drivers feels annoyed by others who insist on hogging the middle lane .
But it 's not just other motorists causing problems , with roadworks , speed traps and cyclists using the road instead of the purpose-built cycle lanes infuriating drivers .
For some it 's what 's going on inside the car , with passengers and their terrible music taste getting hold of the radio annoying motorists .
Of the average eight hours a week spent driving , nearly a fifth of this time is spent getting annoyed by fellow road users .
And 57 per cent said they get distracted by the poor decisions made by others .
Three in ten find they wo n't drive as safely because of the behaviour of other motorists , which is resulting in six in ten having a ‘ near ' miss or accident because of another driver .
And eight per cent admit the same applies as a result of their own poor driving decisions .
David Carter added : “ We deal with the aftermath of accidents and know first-hand the devastating effects that car accidents can have on people 's lives . If drivers are getting irritated on the road there 's a chance that this cause an accident which can alter people 's lives ” .
Even more detail can be found at : https : //www.accidentadvicehelpline.co.uk/blog/driving-irriations-gets-drivers-fuming/
TOP 50 DRIVING IRRITATIONS
1 . Tailgating
2 . Drivers who do n't signal
3 . People texting and driving
4 . Drivers who leave their full beam on
5 . Parking over two spaces
6 . Lane hoggers
7 . Slow drivers
8 . Drivers who do n't say thank you
9 . Drivers who use the empty lane to get to the front of a queue of traffic and cut in last minute
10 . People who go through red lights
11 . Cyclists who go through red lights
12 . Fast drivers
13 . Parking on an angle so you ca n't possible park next to them
14 . Traffic jams
15 . Drivers who do n't stop at zebra crossings
16 . Road works
17 . People who fly past you when one lane is shut and try and squeeze in half a mile ahead of you when you 've been patiently waiting in the queue
18 . When lorries overtake other lorries and cause a massive tailback
19 . Cyclists who ride on the road when there are purpose built cycle lanes right nearby
20 . Drivers who undertake
21 . People who sit in the far right lane when they are n't overtaking
22 . Breaking suddenly
23 . Lane-changers
24 . Sunday drivers
25 . Rubber neckers/slowing down traffic to look at an accident
26 . Drivers who do n't wear seatbelts
27 . Hidden speed cameras
28 . Getting trapped behind a bus/tractor
29 . Drivers of white vans who think they 're Lewis Hamilton and do 100mph in the fast lane
30 . Drivers who never let anyone out
31 . People who change their speed really erratically
32 . When you catch all the red lights
33 . Drivers who refuse to overtake something slow like a cyclist or horse
34 . Hesitant drivers who wo n't pull out of a turning even though you have flashed your lights eight times and waved them out three times
35 . Speed traps
36 . Drivers with loud music and the windows down
37 . People who have their fog lights on - in the summer
38 . Drivers who leave their indicators on
39 . Average speed cameras
40 . 50mph signs on the motorway
41 . Dithering at junctions
42 . Drivers who beep
43 . Drivers who stop to let cars through despite there being plenty of room
44 . People who pull away really slowly
45 . Drivers who ‘ rev ' at traffic lights
46 . Drivers who keep stopping to let people out
47 . People who drive at 60mph in the middle lane and get the hump when you undertake them at 70mph in the slow lane
48 . People who turn into roads really slowly
49 . Drivers who take too long to park
50 . When you change lane in traffic because the other lane is going quicker - and the lane you change into stops dead
* U.S. jobs growth falls short but trend seen intact
* Euro pressured by French election uncertainty
* U.S. dollar net long positions at 5-week low-IMM data
TOKYO , April 10 The dollar started the week at three-week highs against a currency basket on Monday , after a key U.S. Federal Reserve official reinforced the central bank 's commitment to interest rate hikes .
The dollar index , which tracks the greenback against six major rival currencies , added 0.1 percent to 101.260 , reaching out to its highest levels since March 15 .
New York Fed President William Dudley said the Fed might avoid raising interest rates at the same time that it begins shrinking its $ 4.5 trillion bond portfolio , prompting only a `` little pause '' in the central bank 's rate hike plans .
Their comments bolstered U.S. Treasury yields and burnished the dollar 's yield allure . The benchmark 10-year yield , which wallowed at its lowest levels since November on Friday , last stood at 2.384 percent in Asian trading , up from its U.S. close of 2.373 percent .
`` Rising interest rates in the U.S. are supporting the dollar , I think , '' said Masafumi Yamamoto , chief currency strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo .
Financial markets were also watching out for developments in the Syrian civil war following last week 's U.S. missile strikes on an airbase in Syria , which had given the perceived safe-haven Japanese currency a boost .
The U.S. attacks were in retaliation for what it said was a chemical weapons attack on civilians by President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . The strikes drew sharp criticism from Russia , and questions from U.S. allies about future policy .
`` Geopolitical risk can be a potentially positive factor for the yen , with risk aversion and flight to safety , '' Yamamoto added . `` As for the euro , markets are pricing in uncertainty around the French presidential election . ''
The dollar tacked on 0.3 percent to 111.43 yen .
Geopolitical tensions in Asia were also in focus , after the U.S. decision to move a Navy strike group toward the Korean peninsula following provocative behaviour from North Korea . White House national security adviser H.R . McMaster said on Sunday that the move was a `` prudent '' step .
U.S. jobs data on Friday missed forecasts but still suggested that overall labour market strength remained intact . Job growth slowed sharply in March amid inclement weather , and as layoffs continued in the retail sector , but the unemployment rate dropped to a nearly 10-year low of 4.5 percent .
Despite expectations for more Fed interest rate hikes , speculators further trimmed their bullish bets on the U.S. dollar in the week ended April 4 , pushing net longs to their lowest level since late February , according to Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday and calculations by Reuters .
The euro edged down 0.1 percent to $ 1.0580 after earlier touching $ 1.0570 , its lowest level since March 9 .
For weeks , polls have shown centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen on track to top the first round of voting on April 23 and go through to a May 7 runoff . But recent polls have shown the race tightening . ( Reporting by Tokyo markets team ; Editing by Shri Navaratnam )
Are you worried about the amount of money you spend on shopping and need advice to cut your costs but not your lifestyle ?
The BBC TV series Shop Well for Less ? is planning its third series and families across Sussex are invited to take part .
The One Show presenter Alex Jones and BBC Breakfast 's Business correspondent Steph McGovern will be returning to help families change the way they shop .
From make-up to cleaning products , gadgets to shampoos , clothes to lawn mowers , Alex and Steph will be using their shopping and business expertise to try and change the spending habits of families , help them save money and shop savvy .
Jo Scarratt Jones , Executive Producer , RDF West said : “ I 'm really excited that Alex and Steph will be hitting the road again to help families manage their money more wisely . Taking a really close look at how we splash our cash is very revealing , and there are always shocks and surprises . It 's great that we can all learn with the families , recognize our own spending habits and pick up lots of tips and tricks along the way . ”
Catherine Catton , Commissioning Editor , said : “ I 'm delighted to be working with the team at RDF on a new series of Shop Well for Less . It 's a brilliantly entertaining format , but also hugely relatable with lots of tips and ideas on how we can all be a bit more savvy with our cash . ”
To get in touch with a view to taking part , phone 01 17 970 7670 or email shopwell @ rdftelevision.com .
Washington was near the bottom of the Pac-12 in rebounding this season . Adding four-star center Bryan Penn-Johnson could change all that . Ted S. Warren The Associated Press
Nominations for the 75th Annual Golden Globe 's were announced this morning , from the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills , giving us an early indication of this year 's award season .
Denzel Washington , Issa Rae , Mary J. Blige , Octavia Spencer , Sterling K. Brown , Octavia Spencer , Daniel Kaluuya and Anthony Anderson all scored Globe nominations for their respective works in 2017 . The highly-praised film Get Out landed two nominations , including “ Best Picture – Comedy or Musical. ” Beloved show Black-ish and This Is Us also landed nods . Netflix 's Mudbound scored two nominations , while Stranger Things landed a nod for “ Best Television Series – Drama . ”
Keep scrolling for the full list :
Best Picture – Drama :
“ Call Me by Your Name ”
“ Dunkirk ”
“ The Post ”
“ The Shape of Water ”
“ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
Best Picture – Comedy or Musical :
“ The Disaster Artist ”
“ Get Out ”
“ The Greatest Showman ”
“ I , Tonya ”
“ Lady Bird ”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama :
Timothée Chalamet , “ Call Me by Your Name ”
Daniel Day-Lewis , “ Phantom Thread ”
Tom Hanks , “ The Post ”
Gary Oldman , “ Darkest Hour ”
Denzel Washington , “ Roman J. Israel , Esq . ”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama :
Jessica Chastain , “ Molly 's Game ”
Sally Hawkins , “ The Shape of Water ”
Frances McDormand , “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
Meryl Streep , “ The Post ”
Michelle Williams , “ All the Money in the World ”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy :
Steve Carell , “ Battle of the Sexes ”
Ansel Elgort , “ Baby Driver ”
James Franco , “ The Disaster Artist ”
Hugh Jackman , “ The Greatest Showman ”
Daniel Kaluuya , “ Get Out ”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy :
Judi Dench , “ Victoria & Abdul ”
Helen Mirren , “ The Leisure Seeker ”
Margot Robbie , “ I , Tonya ”
Saoirse Ronan , “ Lady Bird ”
Emma Stone , “ Battle of the Sexes ”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture :
Willem Dafoe , “ The Florida Project ”
Armie Hammer , “ Call Me by Your Name ”
Richard Jenkins , “ The Shape of Water ”
Christopher Plummer , “ All the Money in the World ”
Sam Rockwell , “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture :
Mary J. Blige , “ Mudbound ”
Hong Chau , “ Downsizing ”
Allison Janney , “ I , Tonya ”
Laurie Metcalf , “ Lady Bird ”
Octavia Spencer , “ The Shape of Water ”
Best Animated Film :
“ The Boss Baby ”
“ The Breadwinner ”
“ Coco ”
“ Ferdinand ”
“ Loving Vincent ”
Best Director – Motion Picture :
Guillermo del Toro , “ The Shape of Water ”
Martin McDonagh , “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
Christopher Nolan , “ Dunkirk ”
Ridley Scott , “ All The Money in the World ”
Steven Spielberg , “ The Post ”
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture :
Guillermo Del Toro , Vanessa Taylor , “ The Shape of Water ”
Greta Gerwig , “ Lady Bird ”
Liz Hannah , Josh Singer , “ The Post ”
Martin McDonagh , “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
Aaron Sorkin , “ Molly 's Game ”
Best Original Score – Motion Picture :
“ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ”
“ The Shape of Water ”
“ Phantom Thread ”
“ The Post ”
“ Dunkirk ”
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
“ Home , ” Ferdinand
“ Mighty River , ” Mudbound
“ Remember Me , ” Coco
“ The Star , ” The Star
“ This Is Me , ” The Greatest Showman
Best Motion Picture – Foreign Language
“ A Fantastic Woman ”
“ First They Killed My Father ”
“ In the Fade ”
“ Loveless ”
“ The Square ”
Best Television Series – Drama :
“ The Crown ”
“ Game of Thrones ”
“ The Handmaid 's Tale ”
“ Stranger Things ”
“ This is Us ”
Best Television Series – Comedy :
“ Black-ish ”
“ The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel ”
“ Master of None ”
“ SMILF ”
“ Will & Grace ”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Drama :
Jason Bateman , “ Ozark ”
Sterling K. Brown , “ This is Us ”
Freddie Highmore , “ The Good Doctor ”
Bob Odenkirk , “ Better Call Saul ”
Liev Schreiber , “ Ray Donovan ”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Drama :
Caitriona Balfe , “ Outlander ”
Claire Foy , “ The Crown ”
Maggie Gyllenhaal , “ The Deuce ”
Katherine Langford , “ 13 Reasons Why ”
Elisabeth Moss , “ The Handmaid 's Tale ”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy :
Anthony Anderson , “ Black-ish ”
Aziz Ansari , “ Master of None ”
Kevin Bacon , “ I Love Dick ”
William H. Macy , “ Shameless ”
Eric McCormack , “ Will and Grace ”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy :
Pamela Adlon , “ Better Things ”
Alison Brie , “ Glow ”
Rachel Brosnahan , “ The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel ”
Issa Rae , “ Insecure ”
Frankie Shaw , “ SMILF ”
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television :
“ Big Little Lies ”
“ Fargo ”
“ Feud : Bette and Joan ”
“ The Sinner ”
“ Top of the Lake : China Girl ”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television :
Robert De Niro , “ The Wizard of Lies ”
Jude Law , “ The Young Pope ”
Kyle MacLachlan , “ Twin Peaks ”
Ewan McGregor , “ Fargo ”
Geoffrey Rush , “ Genius ”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television :
Jessica Biel , “ The Sinner ”
Nicole Kidman , “ Big Little Lies ”
Jessica Lange , “ Feud : Bette and Joan ”
Susan Sarandon , “ Feud : Bette and Joan ”
Reese Witherspoon , “ Big Little Lies ”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series , Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television :
David Harbour , “ Stranger Things ”
Alfred Molina , “ Feud ”
Christian Slater , “ Mr . Robot ”
Alexander Skarsgard , “ Big Little Lies ”
David Thewlis , “ Fargo ”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series , Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television :
Laura Dern , “ Big Little Lies ”
Ann Dowd , “ The Handmaid 's Tale ”
Chrissy Metz , “ This is Us ”
Michelle Pfeiffer , “ The Wizard of Lies ”
Shailene Woodley , “ Big Little Lies ”
The Golden Globes , hosted by Seth Meyers , will air Jan 7 at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m . ET on NBC .
RELATED STORIES :
Jay-Z & Mary J. Blige Lead NAACP Image Award Nominations
2018 Grammy Award Nominations Announced , Jay-Z + Kendrick Lamar Lead
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
( Reuters ) - The U.S. flu outbreak worsened over the past week as more people headed to doctors ' offices and emergency rooms , with hospitalizations at the highest in nearly 10 years , U.S. health officials said on Friday .
Sixteen children died of the flu in the week ended Jan. 27 , bringing total pediatric deaths to 53 for the season , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's weekly report .
Out of every 100,000 people in the general population , an estimated 51.4 have been hospitalized for the flu , surpassing the rate in the last severe season of 2014-2015 , when 710,000 were hospitalized and 148 children died . Adults aged 65 or older had the most hospitalizations , followed by those aged 50 to 64 and children below 5 .
“ So far this year the cumulative rate of hospitalization is the highest since we began tracking in this way , ” Dr. Anne Schuchat , acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , told reporters on a conference call .
With the previous record now broken , “ we fear this year might be even worse than 2014-2015 , ” Schuchat said in a telephone interview .
Emergency room nurse Christine Bauer treats Joshua Lagade of Vista , California , for the flu as their girlfriend Mayra Mora looks on in the emergency room at Palomar Medical Center in Escondido , California , U.S. , January 18 , 2018 . REUTERS/Mike Blake
The United States is now 10 weeks into the current flu season , which is expected to last for at least several more weeks .
The dominant strain during this flu season is an especially nasty type called influenza A ( H3N2 ) that in seasons past was linked with severe disease and death , especially in the elderly and young .
Schuchat was named acting CDC director earlier this week after Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald resigned from the post because of financial conflicts of interest , including purchases of tobacco and healthcare stocks while in office .
Flu is widespread in 48 states , down from 49 last week , with Oregon reporting less flu activity , the CDC said .
“ We are not out of the woods yet , ” Schuchat said , noting that sick people should stay home to avoid transmitting the virus to others , frequently wash hands and cover their mouth while coughing or sneezing .
The CDC official also said it was not too late to get a flu vaccine .
The Canadian Press
VICTORIA - British Columbia 's Conservation Officer Service reports more than 20,000 conflicts between humans and wildlife around the province between January and October of this year .
Environment Ministry spokesperson Mike Badry says about 14,000 of those complaints involve confrontations with black bears .
They say 469 bruins , or approximately one bear in every 30 complaints , had to be destroyed .
Spring and early summer produced the greatest number of complaints about bears , but Badry says the confrontations have tailed off , making 2017 an average year for complaints about wildlife .
They warn that confrontations could increase because bears are now focused on finding as much food as possible before they hibernate .
Homeowners are urged to secure all food sources , such as garbage or compost and to ensure fruit trees are picked clean .
`` There 's an actual conflict , and then there 's the appearance of impropriety , '' said civil rights attorney and district attorney candidate Pamela Price .
Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley took $ 10K from Fremont police union before clearing Fremont cops in killing of pregnant teen : https : //t.co/4E2giEipmB pic.twitter.com/pxju9XszLD — Kathleen Richards ( @ KathORichards ) March 17 , 2018
The questionable actions of a California district attorney have shed light on our nation 's flawed criminal justice system .
Fremont , California , police officers fatally shot a 16-year-old pregnant girl named Elena Mondragon last year . As the investigation into their death has unfolded , it 's been revealed that Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley accepted a $ 10,000 campaign donation from the Fremont police union months before their office cleared the officers involved of any wrongdoing in Mondragon 's death , according to the East Bay Express .
Read More Underage Sex Scandal At Oakland PD Much Worse Than Imagined
Making matters more suspicious , the president of the Fremont police union , Sgt . Jeremy Miskella , is one of the officers who shot Mondragon and was later cleared by O'Malley 's office .
Pamela Price , a civil rights attorney who is running against O'Malley in the June election for district attorney , called O'Malley 's actions “ disturbing ” during a candidate 's forum last week .
`` There 's an actual conflict , and then there 's the appearance of impropriety , '' said Price . `` And I will say to you when we have a district attorney that accepts $ 10,000 from the Fremont Police Officers Association and then clears the Fremont police officers of killing an unarmed 16-year-old child in a car , that 's the appearance of impropriety . ''
Of course , O'Malley defended their campaign 's acceptance of the hefty donation and maintained that it did n't affect their office 's ability to be unbiased in cases involving law enforcement .
`` The police and people in the community that care about public safety , that care about stability , that care about leadership , that care about the truth and that when putting out information , that it is accurate information , those are the people who are supporting me and have given me contributions , '' O'Malley said .
They added : `` This is a law enforcement job , and we work with the police . As I said before , when police do something that is against the law , they either get fired or they get prosecuted . ''
Miskella , along with Fremont Detective Joel Hernandez , killed Mondragon in Hayward , California , in March 2017 . They were trying to apprehend 19-year-old Rico Tiger who was wanted for several armed robberies . Mondragon had no criminal record but was a passenger in the car that Tiger was driving .
Officers did not turn on their body cameras , however , they claim that they opened fire in self-defense after Tiger attempted to smash their vehicle past a group of police cars .
Sadly , Mondragon was the only one hit by the officers ' bullets .
The Mondragon family has filed a federal lawsuit against the Fremont Police Department for allegedly failing to properly discipline Hernandez and Miskella .
O'Malley accepted the $ 10,000 donation from the police union in November 2017 while their office was still investigating the officers . As of last month , they determined that union president Miskella and Hernandez had done nothing illegal .
“ They gave them money ; they 're not charging the officers , '' Price said in an interview . “ That 's why you do n't want to receive tens of thousands of dollars from the police officers ' associations , because you have to maintain the goal of at least the appearance of independence . ''
The Fremont police union is n't the only group to pitch in to O'Malley 's campaign . Other Bay Area police unions contributed fairly large amounts as well . The Oakland police union gave $ 9,500 , the Livermore police union donated $ 2,500 , the Berkeley police union and San Leandro police each gave $ 1,000 , and the union that represents Alameda County sheriff deputies donated $ 8,500 .
It would be naive to believe that all of this money comes with no strings attached . The way that Mondragon 's case played out , it appears that O'Malley has an `` I 'll scratch your back if you scratch mine '' relationship with Bay Area law enforcement . That means the relationship is mutually beneficial , which is not conducive to justice for civilians .
It is precisely these types of suspicious actions , among other instances of misconduct , that create distrust between law enforcement and society .
Banner/Thumbnail Photo Credit : Pixabay , tevenet
Coming into Week 14 , it was unclear if Alec Ogletree would be able to play . They were just a week removed from hyperextending their elbow against the Cardinals , an injury that forced them to leave the game in the first half .
They were able to gut it out against the Eagles , showing a great deal of toughness on Sunday . It was n't as if they played a limited role , either . They were second on the team with 86 snaps played , which turned out to be 95 percent . Only Lamarcus Joyner played more ( 90 ) .
Kevin Peterson and Troy Hill both saw extended playing time after the Rams lost Kayvon Webster and Trumaine Johnson to injuries , and all things considered , they played relatively well against the Eagles ' strong receiving corps . Nickell Robey-Coleman also played 92 percent of the defensive snaps in what was surely their best performance of the season .
On offense , it was much of the same . Rob Havenstein and Andrew Whitworth both left the game briefly , giving Darrell Williams some playing time . Todd Gurley once again carried the load at running back with Malcolm Brown only playing three snaps and Tavon Austin 14 .
Josh Reynolds only played 26 snaps , which is a bit surprising . Of course , the Rams only had 48 offensive plays , but they seemed to utilize three-wide sets less frequently than normal .
Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the Rams Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ?
The Rams have the Seahawks up next , which should mean Robert Woods will be back on the field . Sean McVay sounded confident last week that he 'd be able to return against Seattle , giving the Rams yet another weapon on offense .
The boy has muscular development delay and as a result of the condition , they have to wear special shoes and has to commute in a wheelchair .
A 10-year-old disabled boy went to a Walmart in Florida with their parents where they were reportedly not allowed to use a motorized cart because it is “ against their policy . ”
The boy , identified only as Cameron , reportedly has muscular development problems , which is why they have trouble walking . Cameron entered the retail store along with their parents and sat on a motorized cart .
Cameron 's mother , Tiffany Ferris , shared the entire incident on Facebook where they explained that , along with a muscular development delay , their son has language delay as well . As a result of the condition , they hadto wear special shoes and commute in a wheelchair .
They added the boy started having leg spasm so they told their son to use a motorized cart . That is when things turned unpleasant .
The parents began shopping and just after a while an employee approached them and told them that they boy had to get off the cart and they are n't allowed to use it .
Despite several attempts , the employee refused to listen and did n't allow the 10-year-old to use the cart . That is when Cameron 's father contacted a floor manager and told them about the boy 's condition . The manager apologized and said such incident would not happen again .
The family thought that the ordeal was over and resumed shopping . However , just when they were about to check out , another employee interrupted them .
A lady called them out and asked Ferris while pointing towards Cameron , “ Ma'am , ma'am , excuse me Ma'am , is that your son ? ”
The mother told the employee that they were their son and they needed to be on the cart because of their disability .
To which the woman replied , “ I do n't really care about that , but minors ca n't ride our carts its policy because it 's a liability . ”
Ferris then decided to leave the retail store immediately and took Cameron out with them The mother also uploaded the boy 's pictures along with the post that were evident that they were visibly shaken after the inconsiderate incident .
Walmart also released a statement in wake of the incident .
“ We have apologized to the family about a misunderstanding over the use of a motorized cart . We always strive to ensure our customers have positive shopping experiences , and in this case we fell short . We take this matter seriously , and the store has since addressed the issue with associates , ” read the statement .
People on Facebook sided with both the parties where some said the retail store was right .
“ This was not handled very well all the way around . First , did you have their wheelchair in your car . Your child does have one because you have stated this at the first of your story . Second , none of the employees said it was a disability policy but an age policy . Which therefore is a liability policy . You also stated that they stated that the policy does n't allow minors to use the carts because of liability . Yes , they should not have been loud about it , but as a parent ( knowing your child 's situation ) maybe a little preparedness would also have prevented this embarrassing moment for your child . Nobody will like my comment , but is n't it true , ” wrote one user .
Others condemned the behavior .
“ That store needs to be held accountable for what happened to this poor child they need to fire them employees , ” said a commenter .
Another one said , “ So sorry you guys were treated like that . Totally unacceptable . ”
Read More Racist Walmart Customer Asks Indigenous Family To Speak English
Banner/Thumbnail Credits : Reuters , Paulo Whitaker
The 34th Annual MLK Day parade in Augusta was a stacked event -- 100 units and hundreds of spectators from all around the CSRA were not afraid to show their support for Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. 's message of unity .
`` Everyone is engaged , '' said Beulah Teachey of the Augusta NAACP . `` We are going to work together to be able to keep the dream alive . ''
Dr. King , champion of the Civil Rights Movement , wanted a world where every man , woman , and child was presented with equal opportunity .
This often leads to a gross misinterpretation . One that Augusta Mayor Hardie Davis wants to change .
`` This is not quote ' a black parade , ' said mayor Davis . `` This is a parade for the city of Augusta . It 's representing the very spirit of Dr. King in terms of embodying the rights of all people . ''
The Civil Rights Movement was and is for all people . If one of us is discriminated against , we all lose in the eyes of Beulah Teachey .
`` When one person is taken advantage of , when one person is beat down , it impacts all of us , '' they said .
Dr. King 's legacy is survived by the freedoms we enjoy today . They met violence with kindness , and continues to inspire almost fifty years later .
`` He taught us about how to stand up for ourselves , no matter who we are , whatever station in life , that we all matter , and we believe in that wholeheartedly , '' said Denice Traina , a participant in the parade . `` And we 're here to support everyone . ''
As long as we remember the sacrifices so many made yesterday to better our lives today , those who made the Civil Rights Movement a possibility will never be forgotten .
`` This is one Augusta . Not a divided Augusta , '' said mayor Davis . `` This is one Augusta . We 're stronger together , and let 's love and move beyond a place called hate . ''
Ceremonies , parades , and celebrations will continue throughout the country this weekend to honor of a movement that changed the world forever .
MLK Jr. Day will be observed on Monday , January 16 .
Copyright 2017 WFXG . All rights reserved .
MEXICO CITY/CARACAS ( Reuters ) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson 's first tour of Latin America got off to a rocky start on Friday with U.S. ally Mexico distancing itself from their suggestion that Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro could be toppled by their own military .
Tillerson ruffled feathers across the region on the eve of their five-nation tour with comments in Texas defending 19th century U.S. foreign policy in Latin America and suggesting the Venezuelan army could manage “ a peaceful transition ” from Maduro .
Both Maduro and their defence minister condemned the comments on Friday , and even Mexico , no friend of the Venezuelan government , was at pains to say it did not support any non-peaceful solution in the South American country that is engulfed in a political and economic crisis .
“ Mexico , in no case , would back any option that implies the use of violence , internal or external , to resolve the case of Venezuela , ” Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray
said at a news conference , flanked by Tillerson and Canadian counterpart Chrystia Freeland .
“ It will have to be the Venezuelans themselves who find a peaceful route , a peaceful solution to this crisis , ” they said .
Tillerson , in Mexico on the first leg of a trip that will also take in Argentina , Colombia , Peru and Jamaica , did not repeat their comments about military action , but reiterated a call for Maduro to reinstate a legislative assembly and hold free and fair elections .
In Venezuela , Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino accused Washington of seeking to undermine democracy in Latin America and return to the days of “ imperialism , ” lashing out at Tillerson during a broadcast on state television .
Padrino said Tillerson 's Latin American tour was aimed at fomenting a regional “ intervention ” against Venezuela 's socialist government .
“ The armed forces radically reject such deplorable remarks that constitute a vile act of interference , ” they said , flanked by military top brass , before reading a formal statement of support for Maduro .
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson steps off their plane as they arrive to the presidential hangar in Mexico City , Mexico February 1 , 2018 . REUTERS/Henry Romero
At a political rally later in the day , Maduro said they would not be bowed by Tillerson 's comments .
“ We will not give in . They do n't know what we are made of , ” Maduro said .
CALLS FOR MILITARY ACTION
Venezuela 's opposition leaders have long urged the military to take action against Maduro . Maduro claims the United States and opposition parties are part of an international right-wing conspiracy to oust them and get their hands on the OPEC nation 's oil wealth .
U.S. President Donald Trump has themselves suggested possible military intervention in Venezuela , though that was widely rejected in Latin America . Trump has imposed individual and economic sanctions on Venezuela 's government , accusing it of rights abuses and corruption .
On Thursday , Tillerson referred to the 1823 Monroe Doctrine , which is widely seen in Latin America as a justification for U.S. armed intervention in the region , saying it was “ as relevant today as it was the day it was written . ”
Discussing Venezuela , the top U.S. diplomat said militaries in Latin America often “ handled ” transitions from bad governments , but insisted they were not advocating “ regime change . ”
“ If the kitchen gets a little too hot for him , I am sure that he 's got some friends over in Cuba that could give them a nice hacienda on the beach and they could have a nice life over there , ” Tillerson said , referring to 55-year-old Maduro , who has a close relationship with Cuba 's communist government .
Senior military leaders have consistently stood by Maduro , whom critics accuse of turning Venezuela into a dictatorship and wrecking its economy .
But discontent among the rank-and-file , especially at their own economic penuries , is evident .
There have been some small uprisings against Maduro from within the security forces . A National Guard captain led an attack on a barracks but was later arrested . A police helicopter pilot , Oscar Perez , who lobbed grenades at government buildings , was tracked down and killed last month .
SYDNEY FC 's ebullient approach to the A-League semi-finals has continued , with defender Michael Zullo claiming the Sky Blues can top Melbourne Victory for strength and technique .
Insisting that their side was already the fittest in the league , Zullo said the weekend off - while Victory shaded Adelaide 2-1 in the elimination final - had given Sydney another layer of advantage before Saturday 's game .
Zullo 's words underscored Sydney 's confidence , a day after captain Alex Brosque said that losing the last seven encounters would be playing on Victory 's minds .
`` The break gives us a huge advantage , '' Zullo said . `` They played a tough 90 minutes but more importantly it 's given us a chance to reach full fitness , and a few extra days to recover and prepare .
`` Physically we 've been the strongest team in the league all year and this will add to our advantage as well .
`` ( Victory 's ) game is based on physicality but we 're a physically superior side . When you look at it in that way , we 've turned their strength into our strength . The quality we have in our front third this year has really been the difference .
Zullo has the job of containing Victory star Leroy George .
`` Also , the fact we defend as a team , and everyone plays a part defensively , has led to our team coming out on top . ''
Zullo 's personal battle will be with Victory 's freewheeling winger Leroy George , whose header brought their side level with Adelaide , but the Sydney leftback insisted they had the answer to come out on top .
`` I watched the game , and Adelaide defend differently to the way we do , '' they said . `` We have each other 's back and fill in for each other when we need to .
`` For me personally , the best way to contain an attacker is to defend . It 's a cliche but something that seems to have worked for us .
`` To be honest , for us it did n't matter . We knew whoever it was we 'd beaten them this year and put in really good performances as well . We were n't too fazed , and it 's Melbourne so we 're ready . ''
Lithium Light Studios : Committed to BBB 's Standards of Trust !
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags :
* Photography
* Advertising
* Bbb Industry :
* Advertising Location :
* Houston - Texas - US Subject :
* Awards
Contact
Mary Serina
* * * @ llstudios.com Mary Serina
End
-- Lithium Light Studios announced its recent Accreditation by your Better Business Bureau of Greater Houston and South Texas . As a BBB Accredited Business , Lithium Light Studios is dedicated to promoting trust , ethics , and a higher standard in the marketplace and community . Its Accreditation shows current and future clients that this organization stands by strong core values.Receiving BBB Accreditation is an honor , as Accredited Businesses must meet and maintain BBB 's Standards of Trust , a comprehensive set of policies , procedures and best practices representing trustworthiness in the marketplace . The standards call for building trust , embodying integrity , advertising honestly and telling the truth , being transparent , honoring promises , being responsive and safeguarding privacy . Businesses that meet your BBB 's high standards are invited to apply for Accreditation . Applicants then undergo a review process and ultimate approval by your BBB 's Board of Directors . According to Princeton Research , seven in ten consumers say they are more likely to buy from a company designated as a BBB Accredited Business . `` We are proud to have met the Greater Houston BBB 's high standards , and are excited to be part of an organization that exists so consumers and businesses alike have an unbiased source to guide them on matters of trust , '' said Lithium Light Studios ' owner , Mary Serina . `` We value building trust with our customers and our Accreditation gives our customers confidence in our commitment to maintaining high ethical standards of conduct . '' Lithium Light Studios believes that for any organization to excel in today 's environment , it 's critical to be fully committed to excellence . The acknowledgement by the Greater Houston BBB aligns with and supports efforts of providing superior service in the marketplace.About Lithium Light Studios : Lithium Light Studios provides professional photography , video production , graphic design , and advertising services to the Greater Houston community . Its team of multidisciplinary artists blend creativity , experience , and technical knowledge to produce high-impact imagery , graphics , and video . Lithium Light Studios focuses on helping Houston businesses , large or small , thrive and grow through meaningful marketing campaigns supported by stunning photography , thoughtful textual content , and creative design . Please visit https : //www.llstudios.com for more information about Lithium Light Studios.About the Better Business Bureau : The Greater Houston and South Texas Better Business Bureau is the leader in advancing marketplace trust . The BBB is an unbiased nonprofit organization that sets and upholds high standards for fair and honest business behavior . Businesses that earn BBB Accreditation contractually agree and adhere to the organization 's high standards of ethical business behavior . Your BBB provides objective advice , free business BBB Reliability ReportsTM and charity BBB Wise Giving ReportsTM , and educational information on topics affecting marketplace trust . To further promote trust , your BBB also offers complaint and dispute resolution support for consumers and businesses when there is difference in viewpoints . The first BBB was founded in 1912 . Today , 125 BBBs serve communities across the U.S. and Canada , evaluating and monitoring more than four million local and national businesses and charities . Please visit http : //www.bbb.org for more information about your BBB and Lithium Light Studios ' accreditation .
April 28 Net263 Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to decrease by 40 percent to 70 percent , or to be 25.7 million yuan to 51.4 million yuan , compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 ( 85.6 million yuan )
* Comments that equity valuation adjustment is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/j8RKCY
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Dramatic video shows the horrifying moment a paraglider collides midair with another glider — and plunges 50 feet to their death on a beach in Mexico .
Tourist Ursula Hernandez was killed in the freak accident in the resort town of Puerto Escondido on Saturday afternoon , according to the Daily Mail .
The video , posted by journalist Juan Perez , shows Hernandez gliding underneath their parachute before colliding with the other paraglider . Hernandez , who was from Mexico City , then falls to the sand below .
The 47-year-old woman was rushed to a nearby hospital , where they were pronounced dead .
The other paraglider , who was also visiting Puerto Escondido , was treated for non-serious injuries .
“ Just before the Easter Holidays start , one person has died and another has been injured in an accident in Puerto Escondido , ” Perez wrote on social media . “ I 'm sure no one will be held to account . No one regulates these types of services . ”
Paragliding is a popular activity in Puerto Escondido , which is located on Mexico 's Pacific coast in the state of Oaxaca .
WASHINGTON White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said on Wednesday they had let down President Donald Trump with their `` inexcusable and reprehensible '' comments comparing the use of poison gas by Syria 's president to the atrocities of Adolf Hitler .
`` I made a mistake . There 's no other way to say it . I got into a topic that I should n't have and I screwed up , '' Spicer said during an event at a museum in Washington . `` On both a personal level and a professional level that will definitely go down as not a very good day in my history , '' they added .
Spicer triggered an uproar at a White House briefing on Tuesday while discussing chemical weapons use by the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , saying that even Hitler did not use chemical weapons during World War Two .
The comments drew sharp criticism on social media and elsewhere for overlooking the fact that the Nazis killed millions of Jews and others in gas chambers . Eighty-seven people , including children , were killed in last week 's chemical weapons attack in Syria .
Offered a chance to clarify their remarks during Tuesday 's briefing , Spicer attempted to draw a distinction between the two different uses of deadly chemicals . Later on Tuesday , they apologised for their handling of the topic , which came on the Jewish holiday of Passover and as Christians prepare to celebrate Easter .
On Wednesday , Spicer said the comments were `` inexcusable and reprehensible '' and all the more painful because they were made at a time sacred to Jews and Christians .
They said it also was disappointing from a professional standpoint , especially after what they said were `` an unbelievable couple of weeks '' of Trump 's presidency .
They noted that Trump had bombed a Syrian air base in a forceful response to chemical weapons use by Assad 's government and said Trump 's hosting of Chinese President Xi Jinping last week had produced `` tremendous progress . ''
`` Your job as the spokesperson is to help amplify the president 's actions and accomplishments , '' Spicer said . `` And when you 're distracting from that message of accomplishment ... it 's disappointing because I think I 've let the president down . ''
( Reporting by David Alexander ; Editing by Frances Kerry )
Southwest Airlines says it all started with a cigarette .
A passenger was smoking in the bathroom somewhere between Portland and Sacramento on Sunday , according to the airline , and had gone so far as to tamper with the smoke detector .
So a flight attendant barged in on the woman , according to KOIN 6 . This at least got them out of the bathroom , but did little else to improve the situation on Flight 2943 .
The woman ripped an oxygen mask out of the ceiling as crew forced them back to their seat , the station reported . And indeed , a mask appears to dangle in the plane aisle as seen in video of the ensuing tirade .
Advertisement
`` I have a destination for myself ! '' the woman yells as a passenger behind them looks up from their tablet and stares . They are wearing a hat , sunglasses and overcoat , and collecting their belongings as if to disembark the mid-air flight .
`` I swear , if you do n't . . . land , '' the woman says , as a flight attendant blocks them from the aisle , `` I will kill everybody on this f * * * ing plane ! ''
`` You will not , '' the attendant says . `` You will not . ''
`` I will ! ''
A scuffle in the aisle ends the video . The man who took it told CBS 13 that the woman had to be restrained by passengers and crew for the next half hour .
The airline said pilots called in an emergency and landed in Sacramento , somehow more or less on schedule .
Sheriff 's deputies were waiting at the airport . They arrested Valerie Curbelo , 24 , on a charge of making a death threat and held them on US $ 75,000 bail .
CBS 13 sent a reporter to the jail to get their side of the story . It did n't clarify matters much .
Shocking video shows a woman threatening to kill fellow passengers on a Southwest Airlines flight . https : //t.co/AhxR3tVa6T pic.twitter.com/SPy4KcThFE — CBS News ( @ CBSNews ) December 11 , 2017
`` Why did you decide to smoke in the bathroom ? '' the reporter asked Curbelo . `` That 's what they say you were doing . ''
`` The anxiety , '' Curbelo said . `` Yeah , the anxiety . ''
`` You were saying some pretty threatening things , '' the reporter continued . `` Like , you were going to kill everybody on the plane . ''
They nodded .
They asked why .
`` I do n't know , '' Curbelo said . `` It was not me . It was not me . ''
Curbelo , who lives in Oregon , was still in custody today . It 's unclear whether they have a lawyer .
BERLIN Germany 's far-left Linke party said on Monday that NATO should be replaced by an alliance including Russia , called for an end to weapons exports as U.S. President Donald Trump urges more defence spending , and demanded an end to German combat missions .
But the party did not insist on withdrawing from NATO while presenting its draft programme for a Sept. 24 election as it eyes a possible 'red-red-green ' alliance with the centre-left Social Democrats ( SPD ) and Greens . The Linke 's opposition to NATO contributed to its status as political pariah in the past .
The latest polls show the Linke on 8 percent support . Some have suggested a three-way left-leaning alliance could just about muster enough support for a majority in the Bundestag lower house of parliament . The three parties have already held talks to explore that coalition option .
`` Other parties always assume that leaving NATO is a red line for us , but that 's a misrepresentation of our position - we 're fighting for NATO to be replaced by a collective security system that involves Russia , '' said co-chair Katja Kipping .
`` We 're not doing that because we 're great fans of ( Russian President Vladimir ) Putin ... If you want peace in Europe you need de-escalation and cooperation with Russia ... but saying we must definitely leave NATO is n't a red line for us , '' they said .
The Linke will not join any government that goes to war and it wants the German armed force 's current foreign deployments - such as in Mali and Afghanistan - to end , Kipping said .
Co-chair Bernd Riexinger said the Linke wanted Germany to start disarming and did not want NATO members to stick to their commitment to boost defence spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product - a key issue for Trump 's administration .
The party also wants to stop weapons exports .
The Linke is seeking to woo voters with pledges to raise pensions , increase taxes on the wealthy , hike the minimum wage to 12 euros per hour from 8.84 euros currently , forbid real estate funds to stop speculation on homes and replace the private and public health funds with one system .
The focus on social justice is also being taken up by new SPD leader Martin Schulz . The Linke welcomed their plans to pay unemployment benefits for longer and end fixed-term contracts .
But Dietmar Bartsch , leader of the Linke in the Bundestag , warned against fixating on the SPD as a potential partner ahead of the election , telling broadcaster ARD : `` We have the election campaign now and every party needs to fight for itself . ''
Senior SPD member Hubertus Heil expressed scepticism too , telling Deutschlandfunk radio : `` Many in the Linke party neither want to govern nor are they capable of it . ''
Hopes for a 'red-red-green ' alliance were dealt a blow in a March state election in Saarland , where voters fearing such an alliance flocked to Chancellor Angela Merkel 's conservatives .
There are 'red-red-green ' governments in the eastern states of Berlin and Thuringia , while Brandenburg is ruled by a coalition of the SPD and Linke .
( Editing by Hugh Lawson )
1:46
Discovery SLO 's vision : Bowling alley , concerts , food and more — all in one spot
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump 's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union , a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions .
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday 's deadline , according to two people familiar with the discussions . The administration 's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement , said the people , who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations .
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel , and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum , citing national security interests . But they granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies ; that reprieve expires Friday .
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs .
Advertisement
`` Realistically , I do not think we can hope '' to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum , said Cecilia Malmstrom , the European Union 's trade commissioner . Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum , Malmstrom said , `` I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports . ''
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday . The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday .
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday , and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday .
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war — a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn .
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs , the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice , peanut butter and other goods in return . French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be `` united and firm . ''
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs , the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security .
`` Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade . Nothing , '' French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris .
In a clear reference to Trump , Macron added : `` These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term . ... One can think about making voters happy by saying , ' I have a victory , I 'll change the rules , you 'll see . ' ''
But Macron said those `` who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment . ''
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive . But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who can not source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material . That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices , economists say .
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position .
`` There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place . There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us . It 's not that we ca n't talk just because there are tariffs , '' they said . They noted that `` China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate . ''
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being `` constructive '' and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements , notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods , including cars .
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S. , the EU , China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade . Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year .
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business .
`` We would operate within ( multilateral ) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly , '' they said .
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week 's gathering at the OECD , an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member .
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying `` the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence '' and tariffs `` would negatively influence investment and jobs . ''
___
Charlton and Corbet reported from Paris . Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report .
FILE PHOTO : U.S. President Donald Trump pumps their fist as they depart after attending a CEO town hall on the American business climate at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building in Washington , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
( NEW YORK ) Political polling is a tricky business . Controversial issues and politicians can elicit strong reactions from voters , and the phrasing of questions is crucial to how they answer . Part of the challenge , professionals understand , is how a poll question is framed , and any facts or names included in it can often determine the way people respond . So , how do you frame a survey to spot and account for any hidden biases of voters ?
That was the task before our polling team , led by U.S. Polling Editor Chris Kahn , for an online survey we conducted in March , in which we sought insight into what Americans were thinking about a series of controversial statements made by the country 's new president , Donald Trump . ( Click to read here )
We divided the 14,000 respondents into two groups . Each group was given a set of nearly identical questions related to statements Trump made during the campaign on topics such as abortion , healthcare and taxes .
With the first group , we made clear that the statements were made by Trump . With the second group , however , we did n't tell respondents that the words were Trump 's ; we simply printed the statements and asked people if they agreed or disagreed with them .
This poll confirmed that opinions can shift dramatically based on a person 's feelings about Trump . For example , 33 percent of Republicans in the group who did n't know the statements came from Trump themselves agreed that a `` government official should be forbidden from financially benefiting from their position in any way . '' When the words `` government official '' were switched for `` Donald Trump '' for the other group , Republicans flipped their responses . Some 70 percent said that Trump should be able to financially benefit `` if they put the country first . ''
This method of querying people , in which respondents are randomly given two sets of differently worded questions on the same topic , is known as a split poll . Splits can help pollsters uncover what voters really think . Asking the same question in two ways can show whether like-minded and demographically similar people are swayed by the way facts are presented , or - in the case of the president - people 's feelings about an individual . This poll showed that Trump polarizes the public just by wading into the debate and that people will orient their opinions according to what they think of the president .
As pollsters , it is our duty to drill down deep to see how people actually feel . We will continue to ask questions in different ways to identify and understand nuanced answers .
FILE PHOTO : The logo of CNPC ( China National Petroleum Corporation ) is pictured at the 26th World Gas Conference in Paris , France , June 2 , 2015 . REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File Photo
BEIJING As the United Nations Security Council decides whether to tighten the sanctions screws on North Korea , the country 's increasingly isolated government could lose a lifeline provided by state-owned China National Petroleum Corp ( CNPC ) .
For decades , the Chinese oil giant has sent small cargoes of jet fuel , diesel and gasoline from two large refineries in the northeastern city of Dalian and other nearby plants across the Yellow Sea to North Korea 's western port of Nampo , five sources familiar with the business told Reuters . Nampo serves North Korea 's capital , Pyongyang .
CNPC also controls the export of crude oil to North Korea , an aid programme that began about 40 years ago . The sources said the crude is transported through an ageing pipeline that runs from the border town of Dandong to feed North Korea 's single operational oil refinery , the Ponghwa Chemical factory in Sinuiju on the other side of the Yalu river , which splits the two nations .
The plant makes low-grade gasoline and diesel , the Chinese sources said .
The five people outlined previously unreported details about CNPC 's deals with Pyongyang and how it came to dominate that business , giving insight into the two countries ' relationship and what 's at stake as decades of close ties sour badly because of growing concerns about North Korea 's missile programs and development of nuclear weapons .
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will press the U.N. Security Council on Friday to swiftly impose stronger sanctions in the event of further provocations by the reclusive state , including a long-range missile launch or sixth nuclear test .
President Donald Trump 's administration is focusing its North Korea strategy on tougher economic sanctions , possibly including an oil embargo , a global ban on its airline , intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang , U.S. officials told Reuters earlier this month .
North Korea imports all its oil needs , mostly from China and a much smaller amount from Russia .
It bought about 270,000 tonnes of fuel , from gasoline to diesel , last year , according to China 's customs data .
Crude oil exports from China to North Korea have not been disclosed by customs for several years , but the sources say it 's about 520,000 tonnes a year .
OIL EMBARGO
In North Korea , diesel has been critical for farming , especially at this time of year , ahead of the planting season and also around October for harvesting . Gasoline is mainly used by the transport industry and the military , experts say .
Earlier this month , the Global Times , an influential Chinese tabloid whose stance does not necessarily reflect official policy , raised the possibility of cutting oil shipments to North Korea if it were to conduct another nuclear test .
Most analysts argue such a harsh policy would be potentially destabilising to the regime of Kim Jong-un and say curbing oil imports may be a more realistic option .
`` China could potentially be convinced to cap volumes like they did with coal , at the UNSC ( United Nations Security Council ) as part of a new sanctions resolution following another nuclear test , '' said Bonnie Glaser of the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington .
Any loss of the North Korea trade will have only a tiny effect on Dalian . Dalian 's two refineries having a combined capacity to process over 600,000 barrels of crude oil per day , about 40 times North Korea 's requirements .
CNPC , which controls both refineries , started to dominate the North Korea business in the late 1990s .
Wang Lihua , who ran CNPC 's trading arm from 1998 until their retirement this month , was the mastermind behind the dealmaking , beating out state rivals like Sinochem , the sources said .
`` CNPC has all along been the most politically minded among state energy firms , aiming for that role of North Korea 's dominant supplier even if the business makes little money , '' said one of the sources , who is close to CNPC .
CNPC and Sinochem did not respond to Reuters ' requests for comment .
Pyongyang 's increasing nuclear and ballistic missile tests have already put the brakes on the trade . Beijing quietly suspended a decades-long aid programme of 50,000 tonnes annually of aviation fuel in 2013 . The government officially announced a ban on jet fuel only last June .
Russia appears to have replaced China as the top supplier of jet fuel , according to sources in China familiar with the trade .
But experts are sceptical whether Moscow would be willing to become Pyongyang 's lifeline for other fuels given the country 's financial straits .
`` They might fill some of the gap , but I 'd be shocked if Russia wanted the burden of becoming a lifeline to North Korea , '' said Glaser .
( Additonal reporting by Gavin Maguire and Florence Tan in Singapore and Josephine Mason in Beijing ; Editing by Josephine Mason , Raju Gopalakrishnan and Martin Howell )
Some numbers matter more than others . How much you make is important , for example , but your financial health depends far more on how much you keep .
Knowing certain numbers can help you understand how well you 're converting income into wealth , as well as the impact of your spending and tax situation on that process . The following calculations can help you make better decisions .
1 . YOUR WEALTH RATIO
A wealth ratio is a measure of how effectively you 've converted your lifetime income into wealth .
Calculating the ratio is a key exercise in `` Your Money or Your Life , '' a guidebook for the simple living and early retirement movements , first published in 1992 . Authors Joe Dominguez and Vicki Robin suggested adding up the annual earnings over your entire life , as reported in Social Security statements or old tax returns . To that total , you can add in other money received that was n't reported to Social Security , such as investment and interest income , inheritances , gifts and gambling winnings .
The next step is to calculate your net worth `` what you own ( the value of your assets ) minus what you owe ( your debts ) .
Your net worth divided by your lifetime income , expressed as a percentage , is your wealth ratio `` or what you have to show for all the money flowing into your life . If you 've earned $ 500,000 and your net worth is $ 125,000 , your wealth ratio is 25 percent . If you 've earned $ 1 million and your net worth is $ 2 million , your wealth ratio is 200 percent .
There 's no pass/fail here . Younger people likely will have lower ratios than older people who 've been saving and investing for decades . Knowing your number can motivate you to look for ways to save and invest more so that your ratio grows .
2 . YOUR OVERHEAD RATIO
How much of your after-tax income is eaten up by basic , must-have expenses ? If you 're having trouble making ends meet , calculating your overhead ratio can help explain why . It also can be handy to know when you 're determining if you can afford new loan payments or how much to save in an emergency fund .
Continued below .
Related Content Bill English : Events in Berlin and Ankara 'unsettling ' The $ 400,000 smalltown job that no one wants Cartoon : It 's a mad , mad world
A must-have expense is one that ca n't be delayed or skipped without serious consequences . They include shelter costs , transportation , groceries , utilities , insurance , minimum loan payments and child care . In their book `` All Your Worth , '' bankruptcy expert ( and current Massachusetts senator ) Elizabeth Warren and their daughter Amelia Warren Tyagi recommend limiting must-haves to 50 percent of after-tax income .
A 50 percent limit is n't easy to achieve , but it frees up money for `` wants '' ( 30 percent ) and savings or debt repayment ( 20 percent ) . Sticking to a 50/30/20 budget also helps people better survive job loss and other economic setbacks by limiting their overhead . Having an emergency fund equal to three months ' worth of must-have expenses is a good goal after you get on track with retirement savings and have paid off troublesome debt such as credit cards . Any loans may be affordable if the payments do n't push your must-have expenses over the 50 percent mark .
3 . YOUR TAX RATES
Your tax bracket does n't reveal the amount of taxes paid on your total income . Instead , the bracket ( also called the marginal tax rate ) reflects how much Uncle Sam claimed of the last dollar you earned . If you 're a single filer in the 25 percent federal tax bracket , the first $ 9,275 of your 2016 taxable income is taxed at the 10 percent rate , the next $ 28,375 at 15 percent and the amount above $ 37,650 at 25 percent .
Your bracket determines the value of your itemized deductions and tax-advantaged investments . Someone in a low tax bracket , for example , does n't get much value from write-offs , such as mortgage interest deductions or investments such as municipal bonds or variable annuities , that can benefit people in higher brackets .
Your future tax bracket matters , as well . If you anticipate your bracket will drop in retirement `` which happens for most people , according to experts `` making deductible contributions to individual retirement accounts now is a good plan , because the tax breaks from those contributions likely will outweigh any taxes you 'll pay on future withdrawals of the IRAs . If you expect your marginal tax rate to be higher in retirement , making nondeductible contributions to a Roth IRA , which offers tax-free withdrawals in retirement , could be the better plan .
Your tax bracket , like your overhead and wealth ratios , can change over time . Check these numbers regularly to stay on track with your financial life .
_______
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet .
Liz Weston is a certified financial planner and columnist at NerdWallet . Email : lweston @ nerdwallet.com . Twitter : @ lizweston .
RELATED LINKS :
Social Security Administration : Get your Social Security statement https : //www.ssa.gov/myaccount/
NerdWallet : How to build a budget https : //nerd.me/2h4dWq7
Internal Revenue Service : 2016 tax brackets https : //www.irs.com/articles/2016-federal-tax-rates-personal-exemptions-and-standard-deductions
BEIRUT An Israeli attack against a military base for the Syrian pro-government National Defence Forces in southern Syria killed three NDF members on Sunday , the NDF militia and a monitoring group said .
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a Britain-based war monitoring group , said it remained unclear if the source of the bombardment in Quneitra province was an air strike or shelling .
Israel has carried out air strikes or fired mortar rounds during the six-year war in Syria , often in response to the occasional spillover , including stray shells from fighting among Syrian factions .
The Israeli military declined to comment on the reports . The Syrian army could not immediately be reached for comment .
The NDF said the attack struck its military camp in the countryside of Quneitra , which sits near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , territory that Israel captured from Syria in a 1967 war .
Rebel groups fighting President Bashar al-Assad 's government in the Syrian conflict hold swathes of Quneitra , while the army and pro-government forces control another part of the province .
( Reporting by Ellen Francis in Beirut and Omar Fahmy in Cairo , additional reporting by Jeffrey Heller in Jerusalem . Editing by Jane Merriman )
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON , June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday , opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date .
The logo of of German travel company TUI AG is seen outside of one of its branch offices in Vienna , Austria , December 27 , 2016 . REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
LONDON European travel and tourism company TUI ( TUIT.L ) reiterated its target of reaching at least 10 percent growth in underlying full-year operating profit after seeing solid demand for Winter and Summer bookings .
The group , which has been reorganising its business to invest in more of its own hotels and cruise ships and has been selling off what it views as non-core operations , said it had seen strong demand for trips to Greece , the Canaries and holidays further afield .
Unlike rival Thomas Cook ( TCG.L ) , it did not see any recovery in the troubled Turkish market .
( Reporting by Kate Holton ; Editing by Victoria Bryan )
Follow local events as they happen and see what you can find in Independence , Iowa and the Buchanan County , IA Areas .
YouTube : Cy & Charley 's
Contact
Ron Hearn
( 319 ) 334-2565
andrew.c @ nowthatisreal.com Ron Hearn ( 319 ) 334-2565
End
-- The Sun is out and shining and now you can see what the shine is all about in the Independence , Iowa area . Cy & Charley 's and Andrew Chismar Productions ... with music production from Brian Elzey and BeMusic have launced the online web show called `` Independence Today . '' The first episode can be found on the Cy & Charley 's YouTube Channel for repeat viewing . The show can also be found on Google , Yahoo & Bing searches ... and more.Area sponsors have joined in to showcase some awesome events that are happening or have happened in Indee . The first episode shows some of the R.A.S.H . RIDE bike event in the local area and a day at the new Independence Community Aquatic Center . Some sponsors that are participating are The Wapsie C.L.A.M. , BeMusic , Moser Preschool & Daycare , Buchanan County Masonry and Concrete owned by Ron Connolly , Barb 's Fine Art located in Marion , IA , Andrew Chismar Productions , Cy & Charley 's Firestone , Andy 's Barber Shop , Nickleback Redemption Center and more ! You can take a look at the first episode here on the Cy & Charley 's YouTube Channel : https : //www.youtube.com/ watch ? v=vWA8vvzq1O4
Chantilly , Virginia ( webnewswire ) July 4 , 2018 – The Fairfax roof repair contractors at Beyond Exteriors recently published a homeowners guide to roof repair . The guide was designed to help homeowners diagnose and understand a variety of problems that could occur with their roofs over the course of their home ownership .
Roofing problems can be difficult to spot . They can also cause significant damage to a home if they are not treated quickly . However , most homeowners do not have the training needed to accurately identify and fix many of these problems . As a result , problems may be left untreated for so long that they compound to create even more dangerous situations than if they had been resolved right away . While it is inadvisable for homeowners to attempt repairing their own roofs , understanding the signs of damage can save a homeowner time , money , and stress in the future .
Beyond Exteriors ' roofing guide was created to empower homeowners with the knowledge they need to ensure the integrity of their roof and the safety of their family and property inside the house . The guide includes information about routine maintenance that should be undertaken to prevent problems in the first place . It also educates homeowners on warning signs of potential damage , such as torn off or damaged shingles , exposed nails , overfilled or malfunctioning gutters , sagging , leakage , and soft spots . Some of these problems do not require immediate repairs , and an appointment can be made to have them resolved at the homeowner 's convenience . Other issues , such as leakage , should be resolved immediately . In either case , a professional roof repair contract must be contacted , as attempting to undertake a do-it-yourself roof repair project can lead to further damages , expenses , and possibly injury .
Beyond Exteriors has been conducting roof replacement , repair , and installation in the Fairfax area since 2010 . The firm 's services are customized based on the needs and goals of each individual homeowner , and its work is often covered by a lifetime guarantee . Beyond Exteriors can also complete emergency roof leak repair and maintains a 24/7 hotline for emergency tarping services . The firm offers free estimates for all projects .
To speak with a professional roof repair contractor for more information , or to make an appointment for a roof repair service , contact Beyond Exteriors at 703-854-9820 or online at https : //www.beyondexteriors.com/ . Beyond Exteriors is headquartered at 14524 Lee Road , Unit E , Chantilly , VA 20151 .
# # #
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan meets with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Ankara , Turkey March 30 , 2017 . Yasin Bulbul/Presidential Palace/Handout via REUTERS
ANKARA Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan on Thursday stressed the importance of working with `` right and legitimate '' actors in the fight against terrorism during a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , sources in Erdoğan 's office said .
At a meeting in Ankara , Tillerson and Erdoğan also discussed potential joint steps against terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria , primarily Islamic State , the sources said .
Turkey has been incensed by U.S. support for the Kurdish YPG militia , which Ankara sees as a hostile force , in the fight against Islamic State in northern Syria .
Erdoğan also discussed with Tillerson the extradition of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen , blamed by Ankara for orchestrating a failed coup last July , as well as efforts to prevent the activities of the cleric 's network in the United States , the sources said .
( Reporting by Tulay Karadeniz ; Writing by Humeyra Pamuk ; Editing by Nick Tattersall )
TRYNESS TEMBO , Lusaka
ZOONA has reduced its charges by up to 50 percent to support Government 's efforts to enable people to access safe and reliable financial services .
Company managing director Misozi Bukali said the reduction follows wide consultations with customers and stakeholders in the country .
Ms Bukali said on Thursday evening that charges vary depending on how much one is transacting on the platform .
“ Zoona 's new prices feature cuts off up to 50 percent particularly in the prices for sending higher amounts . For example , customers can now send money for as little at K50 for money transfers of up to K5 , 000 . This price cut confirms that we are… http : //epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk could play again before the season ends as they recover from a long-term ankle injury , manager Claude Puel has said .
Van Dijk , who has made 34 appearances for Southampton this season , has not played since they sustained the injury in Southampton 's victory over Leicester City in January .
The 25-year-old , who was expected to return within two to three months , has been strongly linked with moves to Manchester City and Chelsea by British media .
`` It 's a long injury . We will see if Van Dijk can come back before the end of the season , '' Puel told reporters on Thursday .
Striker Manolo Gabbiadini , who has scored six goals for the club since joining in January , will miss Saturday 's Premier League clash with Bournemouth as they recover from a groin injury suffered during a 2-1 loss to Tottenham Hotspur earlier in March .
`` I think that Gabbiadini can not play this game . They are not available , but we will see for the next one . For the other players , I hope and think it 's ok , '' Puel said .
Puel said that they held talks with Dusan Tadic after media reports suggested that the midfielder was unhappy about being substituted in their last five games .
`` Any player can have disappointment after a game , I can understand this . But we sorted it out internally , it was calm . They know that it was not a good response , '' Puel added .
`` It is always better to give the good answer on the pitch rather than outside . They know this . ''
Southampton , who are 10th in the table , host 11th-placed Bournemouth , with both teams level on 33 points albeit the hosts have two games in hand .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Ares Management Lp :
* ARES MANAGEMENT TO ACQUIRE CONVERGINT TECHNOLOGIES
* ARES MANAGEMENT LP - TERMS OF TRANSACTION WERE NOT DISCLOSED . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Southampton claimed all three points in a frenetic Premier League match at The Hawthorns which only leaves hosts West Bromwich Albion in deeper trouble at the bottom of the table .
Goals from Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game on its head after Ahmed Hegazi 's opener , and James Ward-Prowse , from a free-kick in the second half , sealed the 3-2 victory .
Salomon Rondon pulled on back in the last twenty minutes , but it proved to be in vain and the Saints inflicted a serious blow to their survival hopes , while strengthening their own .
Alan Pardew handed Daniel Sturridge their first start for the Baggies , having arrived at the club on loan from Liverpool on Monday .
Mauricio Pellegrino also flaunted their own new attacker , £19m forward Guido Carrillo , who started for the first time since their move from Monaco last month .
It was an emotionally charged afternoon at The Hawthorns , as Albion paid tribute to the late Cyrille Regis prior to kick off .
Here 's how Albion rated .
Foster - 7
Could have done very little about Southampton 's first-half goals . If anything , Foster was one of the better players for Albion .
They pulled off an expert save to deny Carrillo before Lemina 's equaliser and their collection from crosses was top drawer .
Was left unsighted for the third .
Dawson - 5
Struggled , like Nyom on the opposing side , to handle livewire Boufal for much of the afternoon .
The pairing with Phillips on the right hand side , which usually is cohesive , did n't offer the same threat .
McAuley - 5
The captain saved their side when Tadic got in between Foster and Hegazi , but they also fouled Hoedt in the build up to Ward-Prowse 's eventual winner .
Plenty for them to deal with as Carrillo kept Albion busy too .
Hegazi - 7
A bullet header from Chris Brunt 's corner to begin proceedings was met with rapturous cheers .
That should have set the tone for the afternoon , but the performance never came .
Nyom - 5
Played on their weaker side , Nyom got forward on a couple of occasions in the first half and offered testing crosses .
Defensively , though , the Cameroonian struggled to cope with the lively Tadic and Boufal for large periods .
Yacob - 5
Certainly effective in a midfield three , Yacob struggled as just a pair alongside veteran Gareth Barry .
The legs and drive of Grzegorz Krychowiak were certainly missed .
Replaced after an hour .
Barry - 5
Booked for a lunge on Romeu in the first half , and had to watch themselves from thereon in .
Tidy on the ball , as always , but featuring as a two alongside Yacob saw them overrun on a number of occasions .
Brunt - 7
A typical Brunt delivery set up Hegazi 's opening goal . Another brilliant ball in the second half , this one from open play , provided Rondon the chance to head home - and they duly obliged .
One of the more positive performances from an Albion player today .
Phillips - 5
Their deliveries were n't at the required level today .
The winger offered pace and width , but was n't able to affect the game in the final third .
Lost a crucial 50-50 in the build up to the corner from Lemina 's opener .
Rondon - 6
Ran and ran in the first half , but passed up a couple of openings .
Played in Burke for their golden chance , and linked up better generally with Rodriguez when they entered the fray .
Sturridge - 6
Looked lively with the ball at their feet , though the supply was n't always what he 's enjoyed at Liverpool .
Had one chance , from a tight angle in the first half , but generally he 'll hope for better in the coming weeks .
Subs
Rodriguez ( for Sturridge , 62 ) - 6
Perhaps unlucky to be dropped , having been in such fine form , but they looked a man on a mission when they came on .
Involved in some positive build up play that did n't bear any fruit .
Burke ( for Yacob , 62 ) - 6
Provided a fresh pair of legs and demonstrated their searing pace within minutes of entering the fray .
Stayed on their feet under a challenge from McCarthy and appeared a chance missed - but could they have had a penalty ?
McClean ( for Nyom , 77 ) - 5
Provided an urgency when they came on .
A poor cross proved to waste an opportunity in the latter stages , and they then lost the ball deep into stoppage time as Albion looked to mount an attack to rescue the game .
Subs not used : Myhill , Jameson , Harper , Field
Southampton - McCarthy ; Cedric , Stephens , Hoedt , Bertrand ; Lemina , Romeu , Ward-Prowse , Boufal ( Hojberg 85 ) , Tadic ( Redmond , 88 ) ; Carrillo ( Long , 75 )
Subs not used : Forster , Yoshida , Davis , Gabbiadini
GOALS
Albion - Hegazi ( 4 ) , Rondon ( 72 ) ; Southampton - Lemina ( 4 ) , Stephens ( 43 ) , Ward-Prowse ( 55 )
REF - Michael Oliver ( Northumberland )
ATTENDANCE : 25,911 ( 2,175 away )
NEXT UP : Chelsea ( a ) - Monday 12 February ( 8pm KO )
Mary Immaculate College , Limerick 4-18 NUI Galway 1-16
Holders Mary Immaculate strolled into the last four of the Fitzgibbon Cup when they outgunned the semi-final hosts , NUIG , in Limerick yesterday ,
The 11-point winning margin scarcely reflects the dominance of the Limerick side and when Gearóid Loughnane scored a goal for the visitors three minutes from the end it was but meagre consolation for the visitors .
The game 's outstanding star was Aaron Gillane , the bright Limerick prospect , who gave new county manager John Kiely a further strong hint that they deserve a recall to the squad .
In the previous round last week Gillane hit 3-9 against DIT while this time around they provided 2-10 of their side 's tally , including eight points in the first half , four of them from play . They added 2-2 in the second half before they departed the stage early with 15 minutes remaining .
Gillane was a member of the Limerick panel for the pre-season tournament but was then left out but their recent performances will surely win them a recall .
Mary I had their first goal courtesy of Tadhg Gallagher .
The Galway side kept in reasonable touch in the first half , thanks mainly to Gerry Hennelly , and were only six points behind at the interval , 2-11 to 0-11 .
Mary I 's second goal after 23 minutes by Cork 's Liam Meade was a superb effort and once Gillane had their two second-half goals rattled in by the 46th minute the outcome was clear .
Gillane , Meade and Gallagher , Clare 's Colm Galvin and Tipperary 's Ronan Maher shone for Mary I with Hennelly being the pick of a disappointing NUIG outfit .
Mary Immaculate College : C Barrett ; D Sweeney , R English , E Quirke ; C Twomey , R Maher , A Flynn ; C Galvin , S Cahill ; D O'Donovan ( 0-2 ) , M O'Neill ( 0-3 ) , A Gillane ( 2-10 , 0-4f , 0-2 65s ) ; T Gallagher ( 1-0 ) , C Lynch , L Meade ( 1-2 ) . Subs : T Monaghan ( 0-1 ) for Gallagher ( 39 ) , T Grimes for Gillane ( 45 ) , C Stapleton for Twomey ( 49 ) , T O'Mahony for Lynch ( 51 ) , P O'Connell for O'Donovan ( 55 ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
NUIG : C Tuohy ; C Ryan , G Fennelly , G Forde ; S Moloney , C Cleary ( 0-1f ) , M Connelly ; I Fox ( 0-1 ) , O Donnellan ( 0-1 ) ; G Loughnane ( 1-0 ) , K McHugo , C Whelan ( 0-3 , 1f , 1 sl ) ; G Hennelly ( 0-9 , 6f , 1 65 ) , S Conlon ( 0-1 ) , A Helebert . Subs : N Mitchell for Helebert ( 39 ) , J Commins for McHugo ( 44 ) , C Cosgrove for Connelly ( 54 ) , S Barrett for Loughnane ( 57 ) .
Referee : Fergal Horgan ( Tipperary )
JAKARTA – Indonesia has extended a temporary operating permit for Freeport McMoRan 's Grasberg project , the world 's second-biggest copper mine , until the end of the month while discussions continue over long-term rights .
Freeport 's local unit , PT Freeport Indonesia ( PTFI ) , has been given a temporary operating permit for Grasberg until July 31 , Coal and Minerals DG Bambang Gatot Ariyono told reporters at a press conference on Wednesday .
Advertisement
Phoenix , Arizona-based Freeport has been in negotiations with Indonesia to secure long-term operating rights at Grasberg after the government introduced new rules last year aimed at giving Jakarta greater control over the nation 's resources .
Efforts to finalise a deal have been overshadowed by concerns over the environmental impact of the project in the eastern Indonesian province of Papua .
Advertisement
`` This month we hope all of the aspects - the divestment transaction , investment stability guarantees , the environment , a smelter - all of them are resolved , '' Ariyono said .
Freeport 's previous temporary operating permit for Grasberg expired on June 30 after being awarded in January .
Freeport 's Grasberg partner Rio Tinto and state-owned mining holding company Inalum are also involved in negotiations on the project , which needs significant investment to develop an underground phase from its current open-pit construction .
Inalum may complete a multi-billion-dollar deal to acquire a majority stake in Grasberg this month , officials said on Saturday , but details on how Freeport will maintain operational control have yet to emerge .
According to Ariyono , the main issues to be resolved were environmental matters , and discussions were ongoing `` between the Environment and Forestry Ministry , the Freeport team and Inalum , who have requested an opportunity to resolve them '' .
Other matters , which include a requirement for Freeport to build a second copper smelter and adopt a new tax regime , `` are nearly finalised '' , they said .
Inalum was trying to reach a deal within two weeks , company spokesperson Rendi Witular told Reuters by text message . `` Differences in views have narrowed , '' they said .
A spokesperson for Freeport Indonesia did not immediately respond to requests for comment . A Melbourne-based spokesperson for Rio Tinto declined to comment .
A 2017 state audit of operations at Grasberg that outlined massive damage from Freeport 's mine waste and a lack of proper environmental permits has complicated efforts to wrap up the deal .
In April , following the audit , Indonesia 's environment minister issued two decrees that gave Freeport six months to overhaul management of its mine waste .
Freeport 's average daily copper ore production at Grasberg has been between 175 000 t and 176 000 t so far this year , below its 2018 target of 230 000 t , Ariyono said .
The company exported 465 000 t of copper concentrate from February to mid-June , they added .
ABOVE PHOTO : Juliana Ribeiro
This week the SUN kicks off a new column which will cover Black/Latino cultural activities in Philadelphia called “ The PhilAesthetic Scene ” by veteran cultural writer Steve Bryant , taking its inspiration from the Black Arts Movement which took place during the late 1960s and early ‘ 70s .
Bryant has been writing about Jazz and Latin music for 30 years for a variety of publications including the Houston Sun , Michigan Chronicle , Detroit Metro Times , and the Philadelphia Tribune , They have written extensively about the Philadelphia Jazz and Latin Music Scene , as well as a myriad of Black and Latino artists and their work .
The PhilAesthetic Scene will spotlight the Black and Latino artists and organizations that perform , produce , and present music , theater , dance , poetry and visual arts in Philadelphia . A number of upcoming cultural events will also be highlighted on a bi-weekly basis . Artists and organizations can send by email their information about their event , concert , performance , etc. , to sbryant415 @ yahoo.com .
Upcoming Events
Sunday , October 8th
Ruth Naomi Floyd
If Abbey Lincoln and Cassandra Wilson sang gospel and spirituals , they would sound like Ruth Naomi Floyd , who has been one of Philadelphia 's best-kept secrets for the last three decades , Based in the jazz idiom , this very versatile singer/composer is one of the few who can take gospel songs and spirituals and make them swing . Ruth will premiere a three-song cycle based on excerpts from three of Frederick Douglass 's speeches , as well as perform their compositions .. Joining Ruth on this date will be a quintet of crack Philly musicians which will feature Keith Loftis on soprano and tenor saxophones , pianist Aaron Graves , guitarist Joshua Stamper , bassist Matthew Parish and drummer Mark Prince . Also joining Ruth & Co. will be the Cairn University Gospel Quartet and special guest violinist Diane Monroe .
4pm . $ 10-15
Chatlos Chapel , Cairn University ,
200 Manor Ave. , Langhorne , PA
Tuesday , October 10 – Saturday , October 14
Bahia Week in Philly
The Brazilian State of Bahia is the home of perhaps the oldest and largest community of African descendants in the Americas , with enslaved peoples coming from Nigeria , the Congo and Angola . It also is the largest repository of African-based music , religion , and culture in Brazil . Bahia Week Festival 2017 is the renewal of a celebration held for the first time in 1984 in Philadelphia . Curated by Ken Dossar , retired Professor of African Studies at Temple University and an authority on Afro-Brazilian culture , this year 's events aim to stimulate tourism growth in Bahia . Activities will be held in Philly from October 10-14 . These include cultural events , panels and seminars , with a view to promoting business between Bahia and Pennsylvania . Highlighting the celebration will be a concert on Friday , October 13 by five musicians from Salvador , Bahia singer Juliana Ribeiro , Giba Conceciao , Isaias Rebelo , Marcos Bezzera , and Giroux Wanzalier .
8pm . $ 35
Philadelphia Clef Club of Jazz & Performing Arts
738 S. Broad St. at Fitzwater
( 215 ) 893-9912
Saturday , October 14
J. Michael Harrison Presents : “ Bridge @ The Bride ”
J. Michael Harrison is one of the most popular radio hosts on WRTI . Their weekly show , “ The Bridge , ” has showcased the best in progressive jazz for 20 years .
The Philadelphia jazz community comes out to celebrate this anniversary with a concert featuring Hannibal Lokumbe , Clef Club Alumni Joseph Block and Nazir Ebo , Dave Burrell , Alfie Pollit , Tyrone Brown , Allan Nelson , Arnetta Johnson , and Joshua Sims .
8pm $ 20/ $ 25
Painted Bride Art Center
230 Vine St. , Philadelphia
( 215 ) 925-9914
* European stocks touch 16-month high
* Asia stocks , US futures turn flat
* Generally upbeat PMI data supports markets
* Trump-Xi meeting moves into focus
* Investors nervous Trump may take protectionist steps
* Graphic : World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh ( Updates throughout )
By Dhara Ranasinghe
LONDON , April 3 World stock markets and the U.S. dollar started the second quarter on a positive note on Monday , although caution also set in as the first meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and China 's Xi Jinping loomed .
European shares touched a 16-month high , tracking Asian shares up after generally upbeat economic data .
German manufacturing growth reached an almost six-year high in March , Markit 's Purchasing Managers ' Index ( PMI ) for manufacturing showed on Monday . Manufacturing activity in France and Italy also rose , adding to signs of a pickup in momentum in the global economy .
A private survey on China 's manufacturing on Saturday came in below market expectations but still showed a healthy expansion after a similar survey by the government on Friday pointed to strong growth in the sector .
The Bank of Japan 's `` tankan '' survey showed that business sentiment improved , albeit slightly less than expected .
MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.2 percent , while Japan 's Nikkei gained 0.8 percent after hitting a seven-week low on Friday .
U.S. stock futures were flat , indicating a note of caution as focus turned to earnings and a meeting on Thursday and Friday between the U.S. and Chinese presidents .
`` Despite the solid gains seen so far this year , there is some evidence that the rally in U.S. markets is looking a little tired given President Trump 's trials and tribulations in Congress , '' said Michael Hewson , chief market analyst at CMC Markets .
`` The reflation trade is likely to face a new test this week when President Trump entertains the Chinese leader Xi-Jinping at their Mar-a-Lago golf course in Florida , which in the words of President Trump themselves could be a little 'difficult ' . ''
A failure to push through healthcare reforms last month has added to concerns that Trump may struggle to pass highly anticipated tax cuts and infrastructure spending bills .
Trump held out the possibility on Sunday of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation against North Korea and suggested Washington might deal with Pyongyang 's nuclear and missile programs on its own if need be .
On Friday , the U.S. president sought to push their crusade for fair trade and more manufacturing jobs back to the top of their agenda by ordering a study into the causes of U.S. trade deficits and a clampdown on import duty evasion .
MANIPULATOR ?
Any hints that Washington may name some of its trade partners such as China , Japan and Germany as currency manipulators could dent the dollar . The U.S. Treasury will release its next currency report on April 15 .
`` The meeting between Trump and Xi is very important because if they can form some sort of mutual interest , it will be in their mutual benefit , however , if the differences grows even further , then it spells more problems for the dollar , '' said Naeem Aslam , chief market analyst at Think Markets UK .
The dollar index , which measures the dollar 's value against a basket of other major currencies , was up 0.28 percent at 100.63 - above four-month lows hit last week .
U.S. monetary policy also remained in focus with U.S. jobs data due out on Friday , while in Europe April marked the start of a fall in the European Central Bank 's monthly asset purchases to 60 billion euros from 80 billion euros .
Governments and other economic actors need to get ready for higher borrowing costs after years of record lows , ECB Executive Board member Benoit Coeure said on Monday .
The euro was little changed at around $ 1.06 , but 0.4 percent firmer against sterling , which fell after data showed British manufacturing lost momentum last month .
South Africa 's rand was another currency nursing losses . It fell 1.5 percent to two-month lows on worries about a ratings downgrade following last week 's dismissal of respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan . ( Additional report by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo ; Editing by Tom Heneghan and Stephen Powell )
About 30 coal cars in a Montana Rail Link freight train derailed this weekend along the Clark Fork River in northwestern Montana .
MRL spokesperson Joe Lewis says the derailment happened at about 11 p.m. Sunday near Noxon , just east of the Idaho border .
`` No injuries occurred and the train was not hauling hazardous materials , '' Lewis says .
Coal spilled out of several of the cars . Lewis did not know when the main rail line would reopen .
The cause of the derailment is under investigation .
In 2014 a Montana Rail Link train derailed , spilling three Boeing 737 fuselages into the Clark Fork River west of Missoula .
There have been 11 train accidents in Montana this year through May , according to the Federal Railroad Administration .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
A 92-year-old Arizona woman has been arrested and accused of fatally shooting their son who wanted to put them in an assisted living facility , authorities said Tuesday .
Anna Mae Blessing has been booked into jail on suspicion of one count each of first-degree murder , aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and kidnapping , according to the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office .
Blessing was in a wheelchair at their initial court appearance Tuesday where their bond was set at $ 500,000 and a lawyer was being appointed to represent them
Sheriff 's officials said Blessing 's 72-year-old son was found dead Monday at their home in Fountain Hills , located about 30 miles ( 48 kilometers ) northeast of Phoenix .
The man 's name was n't immediately released .
Blessing had been living with their son and their girlfriend for about six months , according to court records .
They told authorities that they argued with their son Monday morning over the way they were being treated and was upset with them stating that they were going to place them in assisted living .
Blessing told detectives they got out two handguns they have had since the 1970s — one bought at a gun store and the other obtained from their late husband .
[ quote ] She concealed two pistols in the pockets of their robe before confronting their son in their bedroom and firing multiple shots at them with one handgun , records show . [ /quote ]
The gun was dislodged from Blessing 's hand after a struggle with their son 's girlfriend , as well as the second weapon , authorities said .
The unidentified woman called authorities and Blessing was located on a recliner in the home and taken into custody .
Share it :
Do n't Miss
( Reuters ) - In its quarterly earnings report on Thursday , Apple Inc gave the first update in two years on what it calls its active installed base , the number of major products such as iPhones , iPads and Macs in use in the world . Apple said the base expanded 30 percent from two years ago to 1.3 billion .
That increase should have been seen as positive because Apple aims to become less dependent on selling iPhones and shift to selling its existing customers services like Apple Music or add-on devices like the Apple Watch or AirPods .
But analysts voiced skepticism . Apple 's best-selling product , the iPhone , has seen relatively flat unit sales over the same two-year period . On Apple 's earnings conference call , Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi said that the combination of trends implies users are hanging on to their devices longer , and they asked Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook whether investors should be worried about that .
Cook responded that it was up to investors to decide what to focus on , but said they were comfortable with customers buying used iPhones .
When customers sell their old iPhone for a new one , the old iPhone “ winds up with another customer somewhere else that is perfectly fine with having a previously owned iPhone . And so I view all of that to be incredibly positive . It 's more people on iPhones , the better , ” Cook said .
Laura Martin of Needham & Co pressed Cook on whether the larger device base meant more devices per user , or more users - an important question , because a user with both an iPad and iPhone is likely to only purchase one Apple Music subscription , for example .
Cook said “ there are many , many , many more ” Apple users than two years ago but declined to give an actual figure .
The signals on how well Apple is monetizing users were mixed . Sales of its “ wearable ” accessories - Beats headphones , AirPods and the Apple Watch - were up 70 percent year-over-year in the fiscal first quarter ended Dec. 30 . But services revenue - which includes Apple Music , iCloud and the App Store - fell short of analysts ' expectations for the December quarter , at $ 8.4 billion , and was down slightly from the previous quarter .
Apple has yet to disclose plans for how it will distribute the television shows in which it has been investing in recent months , which could become a large business .
“ They 've been building up the services business for several years , knowing full well that at some point the gravy train on smart phones is going to end , ” said Bob O ‘ Donnell , head of Technalysis Research .
NEW YORK , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Federal prosecutors on Friday charged a New York man with bilking investors out of $ 5.3 million by misrepresenting themselves as a successful fund manager linked to the family behind the former Genovese drug store chain
In a criminal complaint unsealed in Manhattan federal court , prosecutors accused Nicholas Genovese of defrauding investors in their purported hedge fund Willow Creek Investments LP since at least 2015 . The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission also announced a related civil case .
A lawyer for Genovese could not immediately be identified . Nicholas Biase , a spokesperson for federal prosecutors in Manhattan , said on Friday afternoon that Genovese was in custody and would appear in court later in the day .
According to the SEC , Genovese falsely claimed that they managed $ 4 billion of assets for the family behind Genovese Drug Stores , a drug store chain that once operated in the New York City area . They also falsely claimed that their fund achieved annual returns of 30 percent to 40 percent , when in fact it lost money , the SEC said .
Prosecutors said in the criminal complaint that Genovese falsely claimed to have a master 's degree in business administration from Dartmouth College and to have worked at Goldman Sachs and Bear Stearns .
Authorities said Genovese used investor funds to trade in their personal brokerage account , losing more than $ 8 million between 2015 and 2017 . The SEC said $ 263,000 of the money went to fund Genovese 's lifestyle , including being chauffeured in a Bentley .
Genovese 's fraud was “ ongoing ” at the time the charges were filed , the SEC said . ( Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York ; Editing by Tom Brown )
Travel With US intimately knows its destinations and local experiences , but they also know how to personally and efficiently handle difficult situations with tour participants , making the travelers happy and the travel agent 's job easy .
1 2 3 4 5 Travel With Us to India Taj Mahal Pushker-Fair Kerala boat South India Varansi
End
-- Travel With Us the 16-year-old Indian Sub-continent specialist tour operator , has opened an office in the New York Metro area and is ready to work with even more US Travel Agents ! Managing Director , Shyam Saigal , will now travel back and forth between India and New York , and Marian Goldberg Marketing Communications will now handle public relations and travel industry sales.According Saigal , the New Delhi-headquartered , family-owned and operated , full-service DMC , spanning two generations , `` lives by the philosophy that travelling can never be confined to a 'mere visit . ' '' In other words , goes to great lengths to offer pioneering itineraries to India , Bhutan , Tibet , Nepal , and Sri Lanka with more depth and more complete and fulfilling experiences.In Varanasi , as the sun rises , travelers take an early morning boat excursion on the holy river Ganges to see the bathing Ghats and cremation site . In Udaipur , guests do n't just visit the magnificent City Palace overlooking Lake Pichola , they continue 12 ½ miles more to the 8Century ruins of the Nagda Jain temples . In Jaipur , guests ascend the hill like real Indians , on elephant back , to visit Sheesh Mahal and other palaces within the Amber Fort . In Chennai , tour participants go beyond the sightseeing tour of Mahabalipuram , whose seashore is famous for its 7Century rock temples ; they also meet with silk artisans in nearby Kanchipuram , a city itself famous for its silk and for its 1000 temples dating to the 2Century . Additionally , TWU specializes in luxury train excursions : The Golden Chariot , the Palace on Wheels , the Maharaja Express , the Royal Rajasthan on Wheels , and the Deccan Odyssey all introduce travelers to the true heritage of India in superior comfort and elegant style.However , in addition to truly knowing their destination and product , the TWU team are experts in planning , logistics , and problem resolution . `` They are the extension of their travel agent partners , '' said Marta Anicic , a Tzell Travel Specialist . Marta usedto arrange a 40-person group trip called , `` Retracing the steps of Buddha . '' The tour was led by a renowned meditation master , and Marta was more than satisfied . `` TWU arranged internal Indian flights , buses , trains , hotels , entrance fees , meals , anything you can imagine that this high demand group asked for . When one woman on the tour injured their leg in a restaurant , Shyam called them immediately . `` After they received medical attention , Shyam and their son Mohit , also an employee of the company , stayed with them until , the now rescheduled , flight back took off . `` She was denied boarding at first because they told the gate agent that they could n't walk , but Shyam the successfully resolved that issue as well . `` creates special itineraries , customized tours , stopover packages , and programs for Meetings , Incentives and Conferences that feature or focus on : Nature & Adventure , Fairs & Festivals , Ayurveda & Yoga , and gourmet & culinary indulgences . They will also arrange just hotel bookings ! Pricing varies greatly depending upon the level of service , details & quantity of private experiences , number of travelers , mode of transportation , distance traveled , etc . Travel agent commission starts at 10 % and goes up with volume . Net rates for groups are also available.For more information visit : http : //www.travelwithusindia.com/ and http : //www.trvlwithus.com/
