Los Angeles Police Department Commander Anne Clark is the first Latina to hold that job in the force , and they made this historic accomplishment while undergoing radiation therapy to battle cancer . In Monday 's iconic Rose Bowl Parade , Commander Clark is marching to put attention to the disease and thank those who have helped them
In August 2014 , doctors found a mass in Clark 's chest . They were diagnosed with stage-1 Hodgkin 's lymphoma . The cancer diagnosis was scary , especially for their young son . Clark underwent four months of chemotherapy , then follow-up radiation therapy . It was grueling , and they suffered from massive headaches and barely was able to eat . But the treatment was successful and they have been in remission ever since .
`` If you 're going to have cancer , it 's a good one to have , '' Clark joked . `` It is my understanding that it is one of the most well studied forms of cancer , and the standard of care and treatment is well established . ''
While in the last legs of their treatment in February 2015 , Clark learned that after nearly 30 years with the LAPD , they had been promoted to Commander , the first Hispanic woman to hold this position in the force .
LAPD Commander Anne Clark photographed with their son Matteo while they underwent treatment for Hodgkin 's Lymphoma in late 2014 . They are the first Latina to be promoted to Commander in the LAPD . Maura Siefring
`` I got the phone call when I was off finishing my cancer treatment , which is even more remarkable , '' Clark said . `` I came back to work in February 2015 into the rank of Commander with a whole new set of responsibilities . ''
`` I am incredible grateful for the emotional support I received from the force — from the chief down , '' Clark said . Members of the force volunteered to take them to treatments and were a big source of help and encouragement .
Clark decided to take their experiences as a Latina and cancer survivor them as march with the City of Hope , a cancer research fund , in the Rose Bowl Parade . There they will highlight the work of their oncologist and the LAPD .
`` I want to put a human face to us , '' Clark said . `` I think sometimes that gets lost in the contemporary media message . I want to show that those of us in uniform end up having cancer like anyone else . We have struggles like any other human being . ''
RELATED : Wichita , Kansas Gets First Latino , Formerly Undocumented Deputy Police Chief
Clark is a second-generation Mexican American who was born and raised in L.A. County . They said their mother grew up in a time when discrimination against Latinos was overt and rampant .
`` I think it has made me very sensitive to how very difficult life is for people who are immigrants or first generation Americans , '' Clark said . `` I was raised on the stories of my mother living in the 1940s and 1950s Los Angeles . ''
Clark has had a storied career in the LAPD , working to fight gangs and drugs , doing patrol work and working on internal affairs .
`` As a woman I feel like a minority in the organization , especially in police work in general , '' Clark said . `` The reality is that if you work hard and prove yourself , you are treated as an equal . In this department , hard work is its own reward , and it has been for my whole career here . ''
Follow NBC Latino on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
Photo of the day
Dec. 11 : Gaga 's Holiday Party
The holiday 's are here which means it 's holiday party time , and Lady Gaga is celebrating it in the best way possible — with friends and costumes . Dressed up as Mistress Claus , Gaga hosted a holiday soirée with their sister and the rest of Haus of Gaga who also dressed up in a mix of adorable ensembles .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
FILE - In this Wednesday , May 3 , 2017 , file photo , Sudan , the world 's last male northern white rhino , is photographed at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia county in Kenya . Researchers say Sudan has died after `` age-related complications . '' A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya says the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized Monday , March 19 , 2018 , after their condition `` worsened significantly '' and they were no longer able to stand . File AP Photo
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
United Technologies Corp. 's boss has begun laying the groundwork for an exit in a few years , after seeing through the company 's blockbuster $ 23 billion union with Rockwell Collins Inc .
Chief Executive Officer Greg Hayes said they have told the board they expect to step down in about three to five years . The 57-year-old executive wants to complete the integration of Rockwell Collins and would also oversee a potential United Technologies breakup , a move the company promised to explore later this year .
Greg Hayes Photographer : Joshua Roberts/Bloomberg
“ If you stay around too long , you disenfranchise the next generation of leadership , ” Hayes said in an interview at United Technologies ' new building-technology center in Palm Beach Gardens , Florida . “ We have some good , solid leaders out there , the next generation coming up . My time will come and I 'll go off and do something else . ”
The CEO 's remaining tenure , which they have n't previously discussed publicly , sheds light on the management succession path as United Technologies weighs a dramatic transformation . The comments also signify at least a few more years of consistent leadership at the maker of jet engines and elevators at a time when many of its industrial peers have undergone CEO turnover .
In a subsequent statement Monday , the company said the CEO 's remarks were “ misinterpreted . ”
“ In a wide-ranging interview with Bloomberg , Greg Hayes , Chairman and CEO of UTC , was asked a hypothetical question about their potential tenure in their current role , ” the company said in the statement . “ His remarks were misinterpreted as having provided a definitive timeline for their retirement . To be clear , Mr. Hayes intends to continue to remain focused on executing UTC 's priorities for years to come . ”
According to a recording of the March 16 interview , Hayes said : “ I 've been very up front with the board , I said , ‘ Look , I will be here three to five years , and not much beyond that . ' ”
Aggressive Dealmaker
When they go , Hayes will hand over a dramatically different company than the one they took over in late 2014 . He 's reinvigorated the Farmington , Connecticut-based manufacturer by investing in new products and digital technology across its business lines of aerospace and building systems . Hayes , who also serves as chairperson , has been an aggressive dealmaker as well , shedding the long-held Sikorsky helicopter unit and agreeing to buy Rockwell Collins .
Yet shares have lagged the broader market for most of Hayes 's run as the company contended with a slowing construction market in China and spent heavily to introduce a new jet engine . United Technologies fell less than 1 percent to $ 127.20 at the close in New York . The shares have fallen 0.3 percent this year , trailing the 1.5 percent advance in the S & P 500 Index .
General Electric Co. , Honeywell International Inc. and Johnson Controls International Plc each have installed new top executives in the past year . This month , 3M Co. said CEO Inge Thulin would step aside in mid-2018 .
Hayes , who joined United Technologies in 1999 and served as finance chief for six years , was thrust into the CEO 's chair after the abrupt resignation of Louis Chenevert . From the start , the new leader made clear their desire to make a splash with a big acquisition , a goal they achieved in late 2017 with the purchase of Rockwell Collins , one of the biggest aerospace deals ever .
The transaction is on track to close in the next few months , Hayes said . They want to stick around long enough to ensure that the integration of Rockwell is successful , including getting “ all the synergies recognized. ” The process is likely to take about three years , they said .
Realizing Synergies
United Technologies anticipates more than $ 500 million of cost savings through the Rockwell tie-up as it capitalizes on lessons learned from its 2012 acquisition of Goodrich Corp. Hayes helped glean more than $ 600 million in cost synergies -- 50 percent higher than initial estimates -- from the Goodrich integration .
The CEO surprised investors last month when they said United Technologies would study whether a breakup would enhance shareholder value . While the company said it will consider all options , one outcome could be a three-way split creating independent aerospace , elevator and climate-control businesses .
Chief Financial Officer Akhil Johri said the timing of the announcement was driven mainly by the U.S. tax overhaul , which will allow the company to repatriate $ 3.5 billion of overseas cash .
United Technologies now expects to use less debt in the Rockwell deal and have a lower cost for that debt , reducing the financial burden of the transaction . That would allow it to tackle the “ significant ” one-time costs that would come with a breakup , which Hayes estimates could be $ 2 billion to $ 3 billion .
Activist Consideration
Both Hayes and Johri said the decision to explore a breakup was made internally and was n't driven by an activist shareholder . Bill Ackman 's Pershing Square Capital Management is building a stake in United Technologies , CNBC and Bloomberg reported last month , while there 's also been speculation of interest from another unidentified activist investor .
Hayes said he 's wary of investors looking to make a quick buck on United Technologies because that may be incompatible with the company 's focus on long-cycle businesses . Still , they see the stock as undervalued at current prices and said he 'll consider options to bring it up to a more appropriate level .
“ There 's certainly value to be unlocked , ” Hayes said . “ If an activist wants to come into the stock and they 've got some ideas , we 'll listen . ”
Almost one in five adults of Medicare eligibility age ( 65 years old and older ) have untreated cavities . The same proportion have lost all their teeth . Half of Medicare beneficiaries have some periodontal disease , or infection of structures around teeth , including the gums . MCT
Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at the state Capitol , in Jefferson City , Mo . Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with their former hairdresser . Greitens said their resignation would take effect Friday . The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP Julie Smith
Another chief executive has stepped down from President Donald Trump 's manufacturing council in the wake of Trump 's heavily-criticized response to this weekend 's violence at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville , Va .
Under Armour Inc. UA , +1.85 % CEO Kevin Plank announced Monday night they were leaving the council . While not explicitly mentioning the events in Charlottesville , Plank stressed the importance of “ unity , diversity and inclusion . ”
I love our country & company . I am stepping down from the council to focus on inspiring & uniting through power of sport . - CEO Kevin Plank pic.twitter.com/8YvndJMjj1 — Under Armour ( @ UnderArmour ) August 15 , 2017
“ Under Armour engages in innovation and sports , not politics , ” Plank said in a statement . “ I love our country and our company and will continue to focus my efforts on inspiring every person that they can do anything through the power of sport which promotes unity , diversity and inclusion . ”
Earlier in the day , Merck & Co. MRK , +0.46 % CEO Kenneth Frazier — the only African-American executive on the council — quit “ as a matter of personal conscience ” and as a stand “ against intolerance and extremism ” after Trump waited two days to specifically condemn white supremacy .
Trump later attacked Plank and Merck in a pair of tweets , saying now “ he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ”
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 14 , 2017
Tesla Inc. TSLA , +1.66 % CEO Elon Musk resigned from two of Trump 's business councils in June after Trump announced the U.S. was pulling out of the Paris climate accord . Walt Disney Co. DIS , -0.58 % CEO Bob Iger quit Trump 's business council the same day .
The manufacturing council still includes 25 CEOs , representing companies such as Ford Motor Co. F , +1.30 % , Intel Corp. INTC , +1.31 % , U.S. Steel X , +0.73 % and Boeing Co. BA , +0.97 % .
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) — More than 400 people were arrested for drinking and driving over the St. Patrick 's Day weekend – that 's up 28 percent from last year , when the same amount of troopers were out on the road .
The fact that the holiday fell on a Saturday certainly came into play . Yet , the question remains as to why so many get behind the wheel after drinking , especially when there are options ( free Metro Transit rides , taxis and apps like Uber and Lyft ) to get people home safe .
Dr. Timothy Walsh , a recovery specialist with Minnesota Adult and Teen Challenge , says there 's more people than ever abusing alcohol and DWI numbers are going up .
“ We now have an epidemic for people , I would say , meeting the criteria for alcoholism or substance use disorder , ” they said .
Jeremy Sutliff is a recovering alcoholic who 's been sober for more than a year . They currently work as a mentor for people struggling with alcohol abuse .
Sutliff has two DWIs , and spent five months in jail as a consequence .
“ I had [ driven drunk ] so many times before and did n't get caught and when it finally happens , reality came crashing down , ” they said .
Sutliff says that with all the transportation options , there 's no excuse for drunken driving .
“ They know they 're gon na have more than one drink , ” they said . “ So why not preplan to not drive and do n't even give yourself the option , not have the keys , not have the car . ”
The Enforcement Directorate has attached a Rs 52.80 crore wind farm owned by Nirav Modi 's family in Rajasthan 's Jaisalmer in connection with its money laundering investigation into the over USD 2 billion PNB fraud case , the probe agency said on Tuesday .
The agency said it has issued a provisional order for attachment under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act ( PMLA ) for freezing the 9.6 MW-power capacity farm ( consisting of multiple wind mills ) that is “ owned by ” Ms Solar Exports , Ms Stellar Diamonds , Ms Diamond R US and Ms Neeshal Merchandising Private Limited .
The first three firms are involved in the Punjab National Bank ( PNB ) alleged fraud case as they “ got the Letters of Undertaking ( LoU ) issued fraudulently from the bank ” , the ED said in a statement .
It said the market value of the asset is Rs 52.80 crore . The central probe agency has attached Nirav Modi 's assets worth over Rs 691 crore till now . It also filed its first charge sheet , before a special court in Mumbai , against the diamantaire and their family on May 24 in the over USD 2 billion PNB fraud case stating that over Rs 6,400 crore of bank funds were allegedly laundered abroad to dummy companies by them and others .
The ED had registered an FIR , called the Enforcement Case Information Report ( ECIR ) , in this case on February 14 . The CBI had also filed two charge sheets in this case earlier this month .
Nirav Modi , who is absconding and has not joined the ED probe in the case till now , and others are being probed under various criminal laws after the fraud came to light this year following a complaint by the Punjab National Bank that they allegedly cheated the nationalised bank to the tune of over Rs 13,000 crore , with the purported involvement of a few employees of the bank .
Both Nirav Modi and their uncle Mehul Choksi are said to have left the country before criminal cases were lodged against them .
Las Vegas police were investigating after a crash injured four people , two critically , Sunday morning .
Fire officials and officers responded about 6:16 a.m. to Pecos Road , south of Stewart Avenue in the east Las Vegas Valley .
In a statement , police said a 2016 Chevrolet Camaro was traveling north , approaching Stewart , while a Ford Expedition was traveling south , as was a Nissan Frontier . As the Camaro approached a section of the road that curves , it rotated and entered the southbound lanes . The vehicle collided with the Ford , then the Nissan , police said .
The 21-year-old driver was transported to University Medical Center with critical injuries , as was a 22-year-old woman who was a passenger . The driver of the Frontier , a 57-year-old man , had moderate injuries , as did another passenger of the Camaro .
SERIOUS MVC : Pecos Rd @ Stewart Ave , 2 moderate injuries , 1 very critical , all going to Trauma unit , avoid this intersection . # PIO1News pic.twitter.com/MQdFSDKKN0 — Las Vegas FireRescue ( @ LasVegasFD ) April 29 , 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
As the golf season kicks into high gear in almost all areas of the U.S. , with it comes the playing of the year 's biggest events at clubs : from member-guests to your Saturday morning two-ball . In between are the $ 5 Nassaus with your buddies . One thing all of these formats have in common is that you are playing with another person or a group of people . Certainly “ team golf ” can be great fun . But it also can be a colossal time suck if you 're paired with the wrong people . Just like any other team sport , chemistry is a vital ingredient to team golf , along with teaming with the right kind of player . Here 's a guide to who you do—and don't—want on your side on the first tee .
Member-Guest
This is best ball , but with a twist . Because in best ball you can endure any clown for 18 holes as long as he 's got your back when you snapperdoodle it into the lumberyard . The member-guest , however , requires a different skill set . Yes , you want someone who is a compatible fit competitively , but you also need someone you can tolerate for three-plus days during painfully slow play and not want to stab yourself in the eye with a letter opener . The drunken friend is a bad choice . The husband of your wife 's friend is even worse . The co-worker who likes golf as much as you do and rarely plays competitive golf is a much smarter play . They 'll appreciate the event no matter what , plus you can always talk shop when the going gets slow . And since your entire office knows you are playing , you 're less likely to be bothered by work , and both of you will grind to the end . Potential ridicule is a strong motivator . Bonus points if they do n't drink . The bar bill for the week will be significantly less , plus they can drive you home .
RELATED : The most annoying golf partners
Best ball
You 're standing there as the pro is ripping off the names for the weekly Saturday morning blind draw 2-Ball and you hear shouts of “ Might as well hand them the money now , pro ! ” as certain teams are called . You want to be in the pair getting that comment . So what makes a good best-ball team ? Not necessarily as many strokes as possible . In fact , two high-handicappers usually leads to disaster because both players are likely to lose it on the same hole a few times during the round . You need to mitigate the odds of losing strokes to par and have enough dots on the card to get to a low number . The winning combination is often comprised of a high single-digit paired with a mid-handicapper ( 13 to 17 , preferably ) who can be coached . That 's because the mid-handicapper usually has skills better than their number , but does n't know how to get around the course . The single-digit can help with that ( along with reading a few putts ) , bringing out the best in their partner . The end result is often a best-ball score in the low 60s and occasionally in the high 50s—usually good enough to hit the podium .
Scramble
OK , you have four players and among them you need the following : The Bomber ( an absolute must ) as well as a guy who hits fairways so often you believe their actual name is “ Frankie Effin ' Fairways. ” This is needed because the Bomber will inevitably hit a bunch of balls into the woods trying to reach par 4s with their tee shot . From a camaraderie standpoint , it helps if you have someone to shoot yardages with a rangefinder , people who like to talk sports and entertainment but never politics and the ever-important teammate who can get your drink order filled faster than Cracker Barrel waiter refilling your sweet tea . More importantly , you need four guys who can putt ( including a lead-off man who can shoot the line and not yank it six feet left or short ) . A scramble is almost always won on the greens . Those who miss from 10 feet with four tries are usually the ones praying to get lucky in the raffle after the real prizes have been awarded .
RELATED : The best golf gambling games
ABCD
You 'd think with this format that the partners are already segmented since by definition , an ABCD takes the field and divides it in four equal segments by handicap . But you know so little , my friend . Time after time , the ideal ABCD team is pretty easy to spot . Your A ca n't win it , but they can lose it so they need to be steady , if not spectacular . Ideally one getting enough strokes to help , but not a double-digit that could blow up . A 5 masquerading as an 8 is perfect . The also needs to be able to serve as team captain , shrink , bartender , whatever is needed to keep the other three horses running . Ideally , the A takes the D under their wing and coaches them along . Yes , it can feel like playing 36 instead of 18 , but it needs to be done . That 's because the ideal D is n't the 18-handicapper that bogeys every hole . You want the wild man . The young or middle-aged 25-handicapper who swings from the heels but can hit every green in regulation . Sure , they 'll only be in about six holes . But when two of them are pars and the other four useful bogeys with two strokes , he 's done their job . As for the B and the C , the B would preferably be close to an A—able to pick up the slack when the A goes astray and able to use those 11 blows to pick up a handful of net birdies . The ideal C is like the ideal D , except with more consistency .
Member-Member
You know that Best-ball partner you won the Saturday 2-Ball with ? Grab them for the round-robin match play event as well . If he 's an Eagles fan like you it might help the results as well . It will certainly help the conversation .
Nine and Dine Step-Aside Scramble
Ah , the favorite couples format where often one couple pairs with another in a scramble format where the player whose ball is chosen has to “ step aside ” and ca n't play the next shot . First things first here : You 're going to be sharing the dinner table with these people afterwards so make sure the women and guys all get along . As far as the golf , it is imperative to have at least two players who can make contact because one of you is going to be on the bench for almost every shot , plus if you have a weak player in the group you 're probably going to be hitting from some pretty unusual places . Even better if one of the strong players is female . Being able to take advantage of their tee shots from those forward tees can be a huge plus .
Alternate Shot
This format is a disaster for every day players . Hell , even tour pros have a tough time with it ( see : Phil Mickelson and Tiger Woods at Oakland Hills ) . Bottom line : the better the players , the better off you 'll be . That said , do n't partner up with some low-handicap donkey that will make you feel bad about yourself when you chunk the wedge shot after they blasted it 260 down the middle . Alternate shot is team golf of the highest order . Best to find someone you 'll enjoy playing with because , well , just about everyone 's score is going to suck .
Four high schools in the Borders need to replaced or undergo major repairs within the next decade and a half , a new report reveals .
Scottish Borders Council has carried out a review of the condition , capacity and suitability for learning of Galashiels Academy , Hawick High School , Selkirk High and Peebles High , and all have been found wanting .
Peebles High School .
The Galashiels , Hawick and Selkirk schools were given below-par C grades for their physical condition , meaning they are deemed to be showing major defects and signs of age .
Only Peebles High was assessed as being in good condition . Awarded a B grade , it is said to have experienced only minor deterioration .
It is in the frame for replacement or major repairs too , though , as only a grade A is deemed good enough .
The report , to be presented to members of the full council today , also considers the capacity of all four schools .
Galashiels , Hawick and Selkirk 's schools are currently well below capacity – with 825 , 852 and 385 pupils respectively – but Peebles High 's 1,240-strong roll of pupils is the highest it has seen for over the last 20 years .
That puts the four schools at 68 % , 64 % , 53 % and 86 % of their capacities respectively .
In a report to councillors , Donna Manson , the council 's director of children 's and young people 's services , said : “ It is our ambition that all four of these secondary-school learning environments are replaced or substantially improved at the earliest possible opportunity .
“ Ideally , this timeframe would not stretch beyond 15 years .
“ This aim is to ensure that the secondary school provision across the region is not only graded A for condition and suitability but will also provide the learning opportunities and experience that young people require to reach their full potential in the Scottish Borders . ”
The report does accept that the proposed works would require significant additional funding from the Scottish Government , but it also notes that ministers are picking up the bill for two-thirds of the capital costs for the replacement of Kelso High School and the development of Jedburgh 's new intergenerational campus .
It adds : “ The Scottish Government has not yet announced the latest education investment plan , which will include future funding for the Schools for the Future programme .
“ In February , John Swinney , the Deputy First Minister , advised that a detailed plan would be announced later this year .
“ In order to ensure that Scottish Borders Council is in a position to respond to this announcement , the service directors are maintaining regular dialogue with Scottish Government officers .
“ In seeking to progress an individualised strategic plan for each of the secondary schools , the council aims to be in a position to bid for investment funding when the government announcements are made . ”
A progress report on plans for the four schools is to be brought back before the council in October .
Nationally , the condition of 83 % of secondary schools in Scotland are rated as either A or B , with just 59 , including three of the four Borders schools , receiving a C rating .
Today 's meeting , to be held at the council 's Newtown headquarters , starts at 10am .
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:31 On election night , Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
5:10 Tour the oasis of tiki power couple Wendy and Dan Cevola
An approaching storm system will bring accumulating snow late tonight . During the day today , the atmosphere is quite dry , so chances of seeing much in terms of precipitation is low . Accumulations around an inch are possible by Sunday morning . With this system , rain may mix in at times with the snow . This will cut down on snow totals south of I-70 . North of I-70 precipitation should all be in the form of snow . This will make for slick road conditions Sunday morning and throughout the rest of the day . Expect gusty winds throughout the weekend .
TODAY : Mostly cloudy , breezy and seasonably cold . High 37
TONIGHT : Cloudy with rain/snow developing . Around an inch possible by Sunday AM . Low 32
SUNDAY : Cloudy with periods of snow , possibly mixed with rain , accumulating 1 to 3 inches by evening . High 38
Overall we are expecting an active weather week for the first full week of February . Another chance of precipitation is expected late Monday night into Tuesday .
VHS is the only place I can find the terrible movies I love For most Americans , videotapes became garage dust collectors , table leg lifters , or prime yard sale bargain bin fillers as soon as DVDs were affordable and common at the turn of ...
How ‘ My Fair Lady ' was saved from oblivion — twice Robert A. Harris , who led a team that famously restored the Oscar-winning 1964 film version of “ My Fair Lady ” for its 30th anniversary , was n't thrilled when they took a look ...
How their best friend 's death turned George Burns into an Oscar winner Iconic TV comedians George Burns and Jack Benny were best friends for a half-century , going back to their days in vaudeville . But Burns ' long career got a remarkable second act ...
Redbox jacks up prices by 25 percent It 's not often that the market cheers when a retailer sticks it to consumers . But in the case of Redbox , which on Monday increased DVD rental prices by 25 percent , ...
Beloved ‘ 60s ‘ Batman ' TV show finally drops on video “ Batman is always going to be the first actor you saw in the role , '' filmmaker/comic book writer Kevin Smith says in one of the many hours of featurettes included in ...
'Funny Face ' dazzles the eye , ear on Blu-ray In one of my favorite restorations in recent years , Stanley Donen 's “ Funny Face ” fairly leaps off the small screen in practically psychedelic primary colors — perhaps the sharpest and brightest representation ...
'Double Indemnity ' heads lineup of new-to-blu noirs Universal has delivered a stunning new black-and-white transfer for the Blu-ray debut of Billy Wilder 's “ Double Indemnity ” ( 1944 ) , a rare Best Picture Oscar nominee that later earned the designation of ...
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
NYPD : Responding to report of Times Square area explosion
hello
Article to : ( required ) Article from : ( required ) Add a message ( optional )
NEW YORK -- The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square .
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal .
It 's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal .
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution .
There were no immediate reports of injuries .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Mayor de Blasio must 've thought they were doing stand-up comedy Monday night at the Apollo — because their vow to create 100,000 jobs was a real knee-slapper .
Hizzoner was focusing their State of the City speech on Gotham 's “ affordability crisis. ” They said “ half of the equation ” is jobs .
Yes , jobs are key . But the idea that de Blasio ( of all people ) will snap their fingers and — puff ! — tens of thousands of jobs will materialize is simply preposterous .
Even the mayor admits their 100,000 jobs — many supposedly to pay $ 50,000 a year and up — wo n't fully appear for another 10 years . That is , long after he 's left office .
Start with their $ 136 million plan for a “ hub ” in Sunset Park for clothing makers and film and TV companies . If all goes well ( cross your fingers ) , de Blasio says it 'll lead ( eventually ) to . . . all of 1,500 jobs .
That 's right : 1,500 jobs — at a cost to taxpayers of $ 91,000 a job . ( And that does n't count Gov . Cuomo 's own $ 420 million a year to supposedly boost film and TV jobs . )
It gets worse : De Blasio means to spend $ 2.6 billion to turn public buildings “ green , ” creating “ 30,000 ” jobs for retrofitters . Please : That 's more of a make-work jobs program than a boost to private-sector employment . Anyway , the jobs are temporary .
Besides , even Hizzoner 's fantasy 100,000 jobs would grow New York 's 3.6 million-job work force by just 2.8 percent — which is less than the growth the city 's already seen over the last 10 years .
Yet the biggest irony is that de Blasio has practically done everything in their power to discourage job growth — like pushing for a $ 15 minimum wage , paid sick leave and family leave , all of which make it more expensive for employers to hire workers .
If Hizzoner truly sought to gin up jobs , he 'd move to scrap all the mandates on employers and lower New York taxes , perennially among the highest in the nation .
They could also make New Yorkers more attractive to employers and push up wages by seeing that kids get a decent education in the public schools . Right now , two out of three kids who graduate are n't ready for college or the workplace — yet the mayor brags of gains he 's made in the schools .
No , de Blasio 's “ plan ” for 100,000 jobs only makes sense as comedy — a cruel joke on New Yorkers .
One of the voices that carried the legendary Temptations has passed away .
Dennis Edwards has died . Edwards replaced David Ruffin as the lead singer of The Temptations in the summer of 1968 . In a nine-year period , Edwards lead voices help usher in a new era for the Tempts with their such as “ Cloud Nine , ” “ I Ca n't Get Next to You ” and , “ Papa Was a Rollin ' Stone . ”
Breaking : Dennis Edwards , former lead singer of The Temptations has died in Chicago – per family . They crooned the world over with “ Cloud Nine '' – “ I Ca n't Get Next to You '' & “ Papa Was a Rollin ' Stone. ” Tomorrow , Edwards would have been 75 . @ cbschicago pic.twitter.com/HWESouATfl — Brad Edwards ( @ tvbrad ) February 2 , 2018
In 1984 Edwards got their first solo hit with “ Do n't Look Any Further , ” a duet with Siedah Garrett . The song and album from the same title rose to # 2 on the Billboard R & B Charts .
Dennis Edwards was briefly married to Ruth Pointer of the Pointer Sisters . The couple has one daughter , Issa Pointer . Edwards was 74 years old . February 3rd would have been their 75th birthday .
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
A fire broke out on the sets of Akshay Kumar 's film 'Kesari ' at a village in Maharashtra 's Satara district today , police said . The fire was brought under control , a Satara Police control room official told PTI . Nobody was hurt , they added .
The shooting for the film is taking place at Pimpode Budruk village in Wai teshsil , around 30 km from Satara , they said .
Asked how the fire started , police said the shoot had a scene depicting a bomb explosion and apparently some embers fell on set material in the vicinity .
The film 's unit has been shooting there for the climax and final portions of the film with Akshay Kumar , who had left the spot for the day after completing the shoot , police said .
The film is being jointly produced by Dharma Productions , Cape of Good Films and Azure Entertainment .
There has been no word so far from either Akshay Kumar or the filmmakers about today 's incident .
The film is a war drama inspired by the Battle of Saragarhi of 1897 , where an army of 21 Sikhs fought against 10,000 Afghans . The film also stars Parineeti Chopra and is being directed by Anurag Singh .
Earlier also , the film was in the limelight when it was reported that Salman Khan refused to co-produce the film along with Karan Johar .
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) — It was almost exactly a year ago that one of Kylie 's Kids discovered what would turn out to be cancer .
A year later , 14-year-old Abbey is cancer free , back in the pool and on top of their game .
Going to the state finals is a big deal for any teenager . But for Abbey it marks a somewhat more surreal milestone .
Abbey noticed swollen lymph nodes at state swimming finals last fall . Them swim coach said to have them checked out . A few months later came the diagnosis : cancer .
“ It was a huge shock because no one expected it , ” they said .
For Abbey , fighting cancer was n't the hard part . It was being out of the pool , away from the sport they loved . But thankfully that did n't last too long .
“ I was actually able to get back in the pool before I was cleared , which was a little scary for my doctors and my parents , ” they said . “ It was just what made me feel at home , and helped me feel normal . ”
After the all-clear and their hair started growing in again , Abbey threw themselves back into training mode . At sectionals , they needed a first- or second-place finish to make it back , and they got it .
Now cancer free and stronger than ever , Abbey was headed back to the state finals .
Listen : How is pollution affecting our health ?
The UK is among six EU member states referred to Europe 's highest court this month over a failure to clean up “ significant and persistent ” air pollution . So how bad is the problem and what impact is it having on our health ? FT Science editor Clive Cookson put these questions to a panel of experts at a recent FT event in London . They spoke to Laurie Laybourn-Langton of the UK Health Alliance on Climate Change , Ian Mudway , air toxicity specialist at King 's College London and and Darran Messem of the Low Carbon Vehicle Partnership .
Why desperate Dems have resorted to all-out fear-mongering Among the good people we lost in 2017 was Maurice “ Mickey ” Carroll . A mentor in my early days of journalism , Mickey spent their last years as the face of Quinnipiac ...
Carlos Slim sells off half of New York Times shares for $ 240M Adios , amigos . Carlos Slim , the Mexican telecommunications mogul , has sold half of their shares of common stock and warrants in the New York Times Co. , valued at just under $ 240 ...
NY Times publisher to step aside for 37-year-old son New York Times publisher Arthur “ Pinch ” Sulzberger Jr. said Thursday they will relinquish their post at year 's end and hand it to 37-year-old son , Arthur Gregg “ AG ” Sulzberger . The younger ...
New York Times subleasing space from Time Inc. Arthur “ Pinch ” Sulzberger , publisher of the New York Times and chairperson of NYT Co. , is going to be a renter on Sixth Avenue . The newspaper is leasing space in Rockefeller ...
New York Times edits its election apology letter The New York Times is a little less fair today . The newspaper 's executive editor and publisher famously penned a post-election letter to their readers on Nov. 11 that promised to ...
The New York Times ca n't improve until it admits bias The New York Times is so , so very sorry that its presidential election coverage was so , so very wrong . Please have pity on them , Times publisher Arthur “ Pinch ” Sulzberger Jr ....
New York Times : We blew it on Trump The Gray Lady feels the agony of political defeat — in their reputation and in their wallet . After taking a beating almost as brutal as Hillary Clinton 's , the New York ...
Democrats explored racial bullying to get better Clinton coverage A top Democratic operative advised Hillary Clinton 's campaign to use minority and women journalists to “ shame ” The New York Times and other media outlets into giving the Democratic presidential nominee ...
Son of New York Times publisher set to take control of newspaper The end is near for Pinch Sulzberger . The New York Times publisher named their son , Arthur Gregg , as deputy publisher , a position that may lead to their eventual promotion as ...
APPROXIMATELY 200 children and adolescents are being treated at University Hospital Limerick 's paediatric diabetes services , new figures show .
The figures were released by UL Hospitals Group ahead of a free public lecture next week that will give insights into the Dooradoyle hospital 's diabetes services .
The talk , which takes place next Tuesday at 6pm at the Clinical Education and Research Centre , will feature a number expert guest speakers on the night .
Consultant endocrinologist at UL Hospitals Group , Dr Eoin Noctor said the purpose of the event is to “ give clear information about the typical patient journey through the diabetes service .
“ The onset of diabetes is gradual and nobody knows for certain how many people have diabetes or pre-diabetes . It is probably best expressed as a proportion of the population and the best estimate we have is that it can affect nearly 1 in 20 adults . We could be looking at approximately 20,000 adults living with diabetes in this region but nobody knows for certain . It is increasing worldwide and there is no reason to think we are any different in Ireland , ” they added .
A spokesperson for the UL Hospitals Group said that almost every child treated at UHL within the service will have Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and will require insulin , and it is not related to lifestyle .
UL Hospitals Group CEO , Prof Colette Cowan is encouraging the public to attend the lecture .
“ There is an emphasis in Healthy Ireland around hospital avoidance and looking after our own physical and mental health and wellbeing . But those who attend next week 's lecture will also learn about the excellent work being done in the Group across all disciplines and will leave reassured that excellent specialist care is there for them when do have to come in to hospital , ” they said .
Get Free Email Updates !
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away , trade or sell your email address . You can unsubscribe at any time .
The latest clue pointing to the fate of elusive Chinese tycoon Ye Jianming is coming from an unlikely source outside the Asian nation 's shores : the Czech Republic .
The office of the Czech president said in a statement that Ye will step down from the management of CEFC China Energy Co. and will no longer be a shareholder in the company they founded , which owns everything from a brewery to a soccer team in the European nation . It 's the first official confirmation of what 's happened to Ye since news broke that he 's under investigation by Chinese authorities .
It 's the latest twist in the story of Ye and CEFC , a previously obscure firm that was thrust into the limelight six months ago when it agreed to buy a $ 9 billion stake in Russian state energy giant Rosneft PJSC following a series of deals elsewhere . In recent weeks , the company has been caught up in a swirl of turmoil and speculation , including record declines in its bonds and reports that it 's been taken over by an arm of the Shanghai government .
To read more about the rise and growing scrutiny of CEFC , click here .
Advisers to the Czech head of state , Milos Zeman , were informed of Ye 's departure by current CEFC President Chan Chauto while visiting China last week , according to the statement . A Shanghai-based spokesperson for the company declined to comment Tuesday .
The Czech Republic was a target for CEFC investments as it grew over the last few years , purchasing stakes in a wide range of firms including J & T Finance Group , an airline , a soccer team , a brewery , a heavy machinery maker and a media company . As well , Zeman had appointed Ye as an adviser on Czech-Chinese business relations .
On Monday , the CTK news service reported that CEFC is withdrawing its request to increase its stake in Prague-based J & T Finance . China 's state-owned Citic Group is in talks to buy a stake of as much as 49 percent in CEFC 's European unit , Reuters reported on Tuesday .
Ye and CEFC have come under scrutiny amid Chinese President Xi Jinping 's crackdown on debt-fueled expansions , which has targeted the country 's rising tycoons and their recently acquisitive companies , including the seizure last month of Anbang Insurance Group Co .
CEFC 's agreement to buy the stake in Rosneft last year , the biggest overseas Chinese oil acquisition since 2012 , stoked questions of the company 's origins , its funding and its possible connections to China 's ruling Communist Party .
‘ Taking Measures '
CEFC said last week that it 's “ actively taking measures ” to maintain operating stability as it faces a record amount of bonds coming due this year . The company 's units must repay at least 11.8 billion yuan ( $ 1.9 billion ) of notes during the rest of 2018 , according to data compiled by Bloomberg .
After starting in 2002 as a small trader , CEFC has since rapidly expanded through the purchase of terminals , refineries and oil fields , as well as financial units . In a statement at the time of the Rosneft deal , CEFC described itself as China 's largest private oil and gas company , with 50,000 employees and revenue of more than $ 40 billion .
— With assistance by Stephen Stapczynski , and Ladka Mortkowitz Bauerova
OTTAWA — Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale says they will soon talk face-to-face with their U.S. counterpart about the difficulties some Canadians are experiencing at the border .
Goodale says they will have a chance in coming weeks to discuss any border tensions with Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly .
No date or location has been set for the meeting .
The Nexus trusted-traveller cards of about 200 Canadian permanent residents were suddenly cancelled after President Donald Trump issued an executive immigration order banning visitors from seven largely Muslim countries .
At the same time , Manitoba is grappling with an influx of refugees crossing at remote border points .
The issues have threatened to overshadow progress Canada made this week in Washington on plans for cargo preclearance to speed up trade and more extensive co-operation on guarding against cyberthreats .
— Follow @ JimBronskill on Twitter
The Canadian Press
MACON , Georgia ( 41NBC/WMGT ) – Due to the threat of severe weather around Middle Georgia officials at the Cherry Blossom Festival have postponed Heroes Day at Central City Park . Heroes Day which was schedule for today is now planned for Tuesday . All activities at Third Street Park have been moved inside to the Historic Terminal Station . Marvel Burgess , Fest Chair of the Cherry Blossom Festival , stopped by the 41Today studio to brief everyone on the situation . They also spoke about why the decision was made to postpone Heroes Day . Watch the full interview with 41NBC News anchor Ty Wilson right here .
Selena Gomez is the executive producer of 13 Reasons Why , which probably explains why their new `` Bad Liar '' video is so reminiscent of the hit Netflix series . Directed by The Lemonheads co-founder Jesse Peretz ( Girls , New Girl , Orange Is the New Black ) , the self-titled `` film '' finds the pop star transported to the '70s .
Them main role is awfully similar to Clay Jensen 's character , which may or may not be a coincidence . They portray a shy high school student who is too scared to express their feelings to their crush—a Farrah Fawcett wannabee rocking a seriously feathered blonde 'do ( also played by Gomez ) . The singer continues to display their acting skills by portraying the student 's parents as well as the school 's principal . Towards the end of the video , they tease `` Fetish , '' which is either a song or the title of their album , is coming soon .
Facebook shares tumbled Monday following reports that user data had been inappropriately obtained . Cambridge Analytica , whose clients included Donald Trump 's presidential campaign , reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook users without their permission .
Facebook Chief Information Security Officer Alex Stamos is reportedly leaving after disagreements over how the social media network should handle the spread of disinformation , the New York Times reported .
Stamos has been a strong advocate for disclosing Russian activity on Facebook . People familier with the situation told the Times they said they would leave the company back in December , but was persuaded to stay through August .
`` There are a lot of big problems that the big tech companies need to be better at fixing . We have collectively been too optimistic about what we build and our impact on the world , '' they tweeted Saturday .
Facebook did not immediately return CNBC 's request for comment .
Toronto Blue Jays ' Curtis Granderson is welcomed by teammates after they hit a walk-off home run against the Boston Red Sox during the 10th inning of a baseball game Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , in Toronto . Toronto won 4-3 . The Canadian Press via AP Fred Thornhill
Engagement Labs ' TotalSocial™ Rankings Reveal Top Casual Dining Restaurants Based on Word of Mouth and Social Media Conversations
NEW YORK , NY -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) - In a new , first of its kind analysis that integrates offline and online consumer conversations , Engagement Labs released its TotalSocial™ rankings on the top performing casual dining restaurants in the U.S . The rankings of the top U.S. casual dining restaurants are based on Engagement Labs ' proprietary TotalSocial data , which continuously measures the most important drivers of brand performance with respect to word of mouth conversations and social media .
The analysis finds that consumers generally speak positively about casual dining restaurants . In fact , offline sentiment is the strongest of the eight metrics that TotalSocial analyzes , and online sentiment is the second highest . Other metrics , however , are not as strong and demonstrate that the industry needs to focus more attention on generating a larger volume of conversations about their respective brands both online and offline .
According to Engagement Labs ' TotalSocial data , The Cheesecake Factory is ranked first out of 16 chains measured . Olive Garden is very close behind but just misses due to The Cheesecake Factory 's strength with offline influencers . Applebee 's , ranked third on the TotalSocial list , actually garners the largest volume of conversations both online and offline but its middling sentiment score prevents the restaurant from taking the top spot .
The Company found that the steakhouses , Outback Steakhouse and LongHorn Steakhouse , score the highest with respect to sentiment for the category . Outback Steakhouse has the highest offline sentiment score , which may be attributed to its memorable campaigns such as when the Company 's new app was launched and allowed its customers to have complete control over their dining experience . LongHorn Steakhouse is a very close second with regard to offline sentiment , and is the leader for online sentiment .
`` Dining is one of the most talked about sectors . As people decide daily where to eat , they talk about their experiences with each other . We were encouraged to see that overall , consumers speak positively about many of these brands both online and offline . Now , there is an opportunity for brands to break away from the pack by building on strong consumer sentiment and raising volume , brand sharing and influencer scores to stand out , '' said Ed Keller , CEO of Engagement Labs .
It is worth noting that IHOP , ranked tenth , has a top five online score but is among the lowest when it comes to offline conversation . It is the only one in the category to have a higher online score than offline . This is what Engagement Labs calls a Social Misfit , a brand that performs strongly offline but not online , or vice versa .
To learn more about Engagement Labs or TotalSocial insights and how to increase your brand 's word of mouth in real life and online , reach out at : totalsocial @ engagementlabs.com .
About Engagement Labs
Engagement Labs ( TSX VENTURE : EL ) is the world 's first TotalSocial™ company , offering intelligent data , analytics and insights for marketers . We are leaders in tracking , measuring and benchmarking the impact of conversations happening around a brand and industry -- both online and offline . Consumer conversations are a proven driver of critical business outcomes , including sales . The patent pending TotalSocial data solution provides brands with unique insights and powerful analytics to understand online and offline social impact and drive business results . TotalSocial demonstrates to marketers how their online and offline conversation compare and contrast and helps identify areas of competitive opportunity or significant emerging threats . TotalSocial is an `` always-on '' proprietary scoring system , based on the most important drivers of brand performance : Volume , Sentiment , Brand Sharing and Influence . TotalSocial was built on the pillars of Engagement Labs ' patented social media measurement tool and the world 's only offline word of mouth tracking system for brands and tracks 500 brands within the U.S. across 17 major industry categories , and 350 brands in the UK .
To learn more visit www.engagementlabs.com / www.totalsocial.com .
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136046/Images/Top_10_Causal_Dining_Restaurants-1840115b8d659e81ac4f0a4c7382539d.jpeg
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news , analyze , spot risks and opportunities .
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT .
Billy Baldwin is n't angry at Trump for hitting on wife , just their 'hypocrisy ' “ I resent the hypocrisy of Trump pointing the finger at Al Franken while 16 women have accused HIM of sexual assault , ” Baldwin tweeted early Tuesday morning .
Billy Baldwin claims Trump hit on their wife Baldwin claimed their wife Chynna Phillips rebuffed The Donald during a party at the Plaza Hotel .
20 Avenida Merida , San Clemente , California 92673 – Totally cute home in Villa Pacifica neighborhood with a great vibe ! Super cool great room which is awesome for entertaining and open to the backyard with Built-in BBQ/bar area , large fire pit and jacuzzi . Upstairs offers 3 bedrooms and a large loft area ( 4th bedroom could be put back in ) Great area for teens and/or Movie room . The master bedroom is oversized with double door entry , sitting area and large master bath with huge walk-in closet . It does n't get much better than this and no Mello-Roos ! This is a great home you wo n't want to miss ! !
Learn More : http : //www.ulnickgroup.com/property/20-Avenida-Merida/San-Clemente/California/92673/170-290447019
www.ulnickgroup.com
Marvin Bagley , who may be the best basketball prospect that is not currently on an NBA roster , will be announcing where they will play their college basketball on Monday night .
We detailed the particulars of that decision last night — it will likely be as a member of the Class of 2017 , it 's so they can get into the 2018 NBA Draft , whether or not he 's eligible to play immediately at the college level this year is not the most important part of this decision .
Here , we 're going to talk impact .
What will Bagley 's commitment mean for the three schools * still in the mix ?
* ( At this point it does not appear that Arizona is still in the mix for the Arizona-native . Bagley only visited Duke , USC and UCLA this past month , Arizona does n't have a scholarship available and the program is currently in Spain for their team trip . If they do shock the world and pick the Wildcats , they will quite clearly be the preseason No . 1 team in the country . Bagley and Deandre Ayton could end up being the top two picks in June . )
DUKE
With Bagley in the mix , Duke — who are , as of this posting , my pick to land the 6-foot-11 forward — would have a very strong case to be slotted as the preseason No . 1 team in the country . Given the way that last season went , that may not go over all that well , but there 's a valid argument : The Blue Devils would start three freshmen — Bagley , Trevon Duval and Wendell Carter — that are top seven prospects in the class , according to 247 Sports composite rankings , and another who would be the No . 17 player in the class in Gary Trent Jr . They finally have a point guard to replace Tyus Jones in the for of Duval . Grayson Allen , the lone returnee from last year 's team , is finally healthy , according to Mike Krzyzewski , and on paper is a veteran leader and an all-american caliber player .
Youth would be a major issue , as Allen would likely be the only rotation player that is an upperclassman . Depth is going to be another problem as well , as Duke 's reserves will likely be made up of some combination of freshmen Alex O'Connell and Jordan Tucker and sophomore Marques Bolden and Javin DeLaurier .
But the talent there in undeniable , and unlike last season , the pieces actually fit together . Duval is a playmaker at the point , although they have a reputation for being more of an attacker than a ‘ pure point guard ' , while Trent and Allen are scorers with three-point range on the wing . Carter , who many believe to be the second-coming of Al Horford , should be able to handle their own on the block .
And then there 's Bagley , who is the ideal for what Duke is looking for at the four spot . He 's big enough that they can defend as a four — or even a five — but he 's skilled enough to play on the perimeter in four-around-one lineups . The Blue Devils do n't currently have a guy that can fill that Jayson Tatum , Jabari Parker , Justise Winslow , Brandon Ingram role , and Bagley might be better suited to do it than any of them .
At the very least they should being the most on the defensive end .
Which is why I think their arrival at Duke would make the Blue Devils a real national title contender , if not the favorite to win the whole thing .
USC
Imagine if the Trojans are able to land Bagley over Duke and UCLA . Andy Enfield beating out Coach K and Steve Alford for a recruit , particularly a recruit from the West Coast that played in Southern California last high school season ?
That would be a helluva statement to make .
It would also put USC firmly in the mix as the nation 's preseason No . 1 team . They 're already loaded , particularly in the front court . Bennie Boatwright and Chimezie Metu both returned to school for their junior seasons , and with the addition of Bagley , one of those three would be relegated to coming off of the bench . My guess is that it would be Metu simply because of the style that USC plays . They want to run the floor , they want to space the court , they want to fire up threes and score points in a hurry , and I think that Bagley 's ability to replace the rebounding that rim protection that Metu provides is better than their ability to provide the pure shooting ability of Boatwright .
Regardless , that front court , which is already one of the best in the country , would likely become the best with the addition of Bagley .
And when the Trojans already have a perimeter attack that includes veterans Jordan McLaughlin , Elijah Stewart and Derryck Thornton along with De'Anthony Melton , Jonah Mathews and Shaqquan Aaron , you 're looking at an absolutely loaded roster that perfectly fits the way Enfield wants to play .
UCLA
The Bruins are the interesting case here .
For starters , they are an Under Armour school , and Bagley has played on the Nike circuit the last two years . That 's not a dealbreaker , but the presence of LaVar Ball in and around that program , particularly with the one son ( LiAngelo ) every is already concerned about on the roster , it makes that landing spot seem somewhat unlikely .
But if Steve Alford does find a way to convince the Bagleys that UCLA is the best place for Marvin. , they would be a season-changing recruit . UCLA already has a loaded perimeter attack . Jaylen Hands is one of the best point guards in the Class of 2017 even though they may not even be the best point guard on UCLA 's roster for this season ; that title likely belongs to the ever-underrated Aaron Holiday . Throw in Kris Wilkes , Chris Smith , Prince Ali and Ball , and there are a ton of guard options here .
What they lack , however , is a proven four , someone who can play the role that T.J . Leaf played last season . Bagley can , and at a much higher level . That may be hard for someone like Cody Riley or G.G . Goloman to swallow , but Bagley 's skill alongside the ability of Thomas Welsh to pull defenders away from the rim is enticing .
UCLA is currently a top 20 team entering the season . With Bagley , they probably enter the top ten with a real shot of winning the Pac-12 .
Mirai Botnet Starts Mining for Bitcoins In New Twist IBM X-Force has discovered a first-of-its-kind variant of the ELF Linux/Mirai malware that has a built-in component designed to mine bitcoins . The variant was first discovered without the bitcoin mining capability in August 2016 , but traffic from the new strain containing links to ELF 64-bit binary files started towards the end of March 2017 , increased by 50 percent in four days and disappeared another four days later . According to Dave McMillen , senior threat researcher at IBM managed security services , this new Mirai strain was similar to another recently-created version that leverages a Windows Trojan , but was focused on attacking Linux machines running BusyBox , a software that describes itself as the swiss army knife of embedded Linux . Mirai Mining The Windows version contained some extra capabilities from normal Mirai botnets such as SQL injection and brute-force attack tools , but the new ELF Linux/Mirai malware variant boasts an extra add-on in the form of a bitcoin miner slave . This led us to question the effectiveness of a bitcoin miner running on a simple IoT device that lacks the power to create many bitcoins , if any at all , McMillen writes . Given Mirai 's power to infect thousands of machines at a time , however , there is a possibility that the bitcoin miners could work together in tandem as one large miner consortium . We have n't yet determined that capability , but we found it to be an interesting yet concerning possibility . Its possible that while the Mirai bots are idle and awaiting further instructions , they could be leveraged to go into mining mode . In a blog post , McMillen also highlighted the benefits of focusing on bitcoin mining due to society 's growing preference of cashless payments , especially seeing as cyber criminal activity is often funded by the cryptocurrency . However , they questioned the economic validity of such a strategy : Almost four years ago , Krebs on Security discussed bitcoin mining bots ; in that case , the compromised hosts were PCs . Mining bitcoins , however , is a CPU-intensive activity , they say . How many compromised devices would it take to make the mining of bitcoin a viable revenue source for attackers ? Would n't attackers have better luck compromising a bitcoin exchange company , as has been the case numerous times in the past ? Its possible they 're looking to find a way to make bitcoin mining via compromised IoT devices a lucrative venture . Reign of Terror Although the potential impact of this new Mirai strain is unclear , the botnet which compromises IoT devices and launches distributed denial-of-service ( DDoS ) attacks against predefined targets has been busy plaguing businesses and devices for some time . It first gained notoriety after being used in the high-profile attack on DNS hosting provider Dyn which took down the likes of Netflix , Twitter and Reddit and has since targeted Talk Talk and the Post Office in the UK . Most recently , it was responsible for a massive 54-hour attack on a US college which generated the highest traffic flow that security firm Imperva Incapsula had ever seen out of a Mirai botnet . © 2017 DesignMENA.com under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved . Read more on : IBM , Bitcoin , Cybercrime , Cybersecurity , Ransomware , Botnet , IoT , Government , Cyberwarfare , Mirai
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Photo : Daniel Silbert
By Scott T. Sterling
Bleachers are feeling the love , and it hurts .
Jack Antonoff 's band has shared “ Alfie 's Song ( Not So Typical Love Song ) , ” a new Bleachers song taken from the soundtrack to new coming of age movie , Love , Simon .
Related : Bleachers Share ‘ Alfie 's Song ( Not So Typical Love Song ) '
The song now comes with a wacky new video-in-a-video that finds Antonoff in a When Harry Met Sally rom-com-styled clip , with an emphasis on the comedy .
The video finds Antonoff hopelessly attempting to film the movie 's ending and climatic kiss between Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan , only to be thwarted at every turn , and painfully so .
The creative clip is an ideal visual for the peppy new track from Love , Simon , the current box office hit about a teen coming to terms with their sexuality .
Watch the video below .
Samson Siasia and Winfried Schafer are top of an eight-man short-list for the vacant Rwanda coach post .
Schafer led Cameroon to the 2002 Africa Cup of Nations title , while former Nigeria coach Siasia guided their country to Olympic football bronze last year .
Belgian Paul Put , who took Burkina Faso to the 2013 Nations Cup final , and Georges Leekens , who quit as Algeria coach last month , are also on the list .
The Rwandan Football Federation cut its choices down from 52 applicants . Also making the interview stage are four European coaches who have managed in Africa : Portuguese Jose Rui Lopes Aguas , Swiss Raoul Savoy , Englishman Peter James Butler and German Antoine Hey .
Rwanda have been without a permanent coach since Northern Irishman Jonny McKinstry was sacked in August last year .
The post Siasia battles Schafer for Rwanda job appeared first on Vanguard News .
When a mother-daughter trip to Paris becomes a collaborative effort , you 'll both experience the City of Light in amazing new ways . Kaitlin , 12 , loves to bake , so we booked a pastry-making class at the Ritz Paris . Fancy , fun and fantastique .
We combined high and low dining experiences . The crème de la crème was a lunch we 'll never forget at top chef Alain Ducasse 's Jules Verne atop the Eiffel Tower , which we could see from our windows at La Reserve Paris Apartments ( from about $ 2,500 ) . These modern apartments , ideal for families , were our home away from home in Trocadéro .
We also loved Carette , the classic , affordable Parisian cafe near the apartment . There 's also the elegant La Reserve Paris Hotel and Spa , set in a 19th-century mansion , between the Champs-Élysées and Faubourg Saint-Honore . The restaurant , where we met Paris-based food writer and Post contributor Alec Lobrano , was simply perfection . Wander Le Marais for classic Jewish treats at Sacha Finkelsztajn and falafels at L'As Du Fallafel .
I could have stayed at the Picasso museum forever , but we needed to stop by streetwear brand Supreme for my son , Braden .
We love the city 's oldest square , Place des Vosges , where Kaitlin saw their French counterparts roller skate and play badminton .
Our next move was to Hotel Barrière Le Fouquet , just off the Champs-Élysées ( from about $ 960 ) . The hotel has undergone a first-rate renovation , with unusually large rooms ( for Paris ) . Its bar and restaurant serve as a a chic meeting spot for Parisians . ( Then book Spa Diane Barrière 's heavenly signature oil treatment for just before the airplane-dry flight home . )
Walk to L'Avenue for good food and better people-watching , and hop a bus to beautiful Parc André Citroën for a mini hot-air balloon ride ( just $ 13.50 ! ) .
Capture moments at the Musée d'Orsay , with its Instagrammable clock . The Louvre is also a must , on every trip , along with Angelina 's for hot chocolate . Then walk it off through the Tuileries gardens .
Café de Flore and Les Deux Magots were on Kaitlin 's must-eat list . Then we walked through the Left Bank 's antique dealers and art galleries , like Galerie Hegoa , then displaying works by ex-Le Monde photographer Gil Rigoulet .
Ride on the “ big wheel ” at Place de la Concorde , preferably at sunset . ( Parisians hate it , but your kids will love it . ) Then cruise down the Seine under the sparkling light of the Eiffel Tower and walk home at midnight .
A gymnast , Kaitlin performed their aerial moves in front of the Eiffel Tower ( and everywhere ) — as normally reserved Parisians cheered them on .
Most importantly , get lost . The city will embrace you , inspire you , help you discover new things and keep enticing you — and your kids — return , over and over again .
1:36 'The King , ' ( Elvis impersonator Will Kettler ) is in the house for Valentine 's Day weddings Pause
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of their internment for first time since 1942
0:33 Fresno police arrest two after string of armed robberies
3:08 Public expresses views on proposed Rental Housing Improvement Act in Fresno
3:02 Meet Alexander Mickelthwate , the third conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic
2:06 They watched their husband die in icy Fresno apartment : 'He could n't fight the cold '
1:39 Most babies should be exposed to peanuts earlier , according to new guidelines
0:52 Visalia couple wins $ 65,000 Valentine on 'The Price is Right '
1:20 6 things to know about Calexit – the plan for California to secede from the U.S .
1:48
Cal Poly grad 's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
Image copyright Highways England Image caption Six junctions are due for a revamp in the proposals
A consultation into improvements on the A27 has been dubbed `` a sham '' by council leaders .
Highways England plans to `` increase capacity and reduce congestion '' between Worthing and Lancing .
But Adur and Worthing councils say the £69m proposal is not fit for purpose and the government body should launch a fresh consultation with updated plans .
Highways England project manager Tom Beasley said the improvements were the `` best achievable option '' .
Large-scale options were considered by Highways England , including dual carriageway schemes with flyovers .
But the consultation focuses a mix of new traffic signalling and road widening on six junctions between Durrington Hill and the Lancing Manor roundabout .
'Best option '
In a joint statement , the leader of Adur District Council , Neil Parkin , and the leader of Worthing Borough Council , Dan Humphreys , said the `` modest '' plans are not good enough .
Mr Parkin said : `` Highways England say they want to consult with us but we say this is a sham . By not allowing the public to weigh up options and see full costings how are we to make any kind of decision ?
`` All I do know is the current scheme on the table is barely worth the disruption and certainly not worth spending £69m on . ''
Mr Humphreys added : `` Highways England do not seem to be taking us seriously . Our questions were met with an 'experts know best ' response . ''
But Mr Beasley said Highways England thinks that the proposal `` would make a worthwhile improvement to people 's journeys and is the best achievable option within the scope and budget available for the project '' .
`` We welcome all views and promise that we will take all responses to the consultation fully into account . ''
Consultation into the proposal ends on 12 September .
VANCOUVER — The troubled inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women and Girls has named a new executive director .
Chief commissioner Marion Buller announced late Friday that former Assembly of First Nations adviser Debbie Reid has taken the job .
Reid is from the Skownan First Nation in Manitoba .
They were a special adviser to Assembly of First Nations National Chief Phil Fontaine when they held the job and has also worked for the federal government .
Buller says Reid has focused their entire career on working on behalf of Indigenous people .
The inquiry has run into troubled waters in recent months with criticism that victims ' families were n't being adequately consulted about the shape of the inquiry .
One of the inquiry 's commissioners and the previous executive director resigned in the wake of the criticism .
There were subsequent calls for a more profound shakeup with one prominent Manitoba First Nations chief even calling for Buller to leave .
The federal government gave the inquiry a budget of about $ 53.8 million and set a deadline for its work to be done by the end of next year .
The Canadian Press
The Senior Minister , Mr Yaw Osafo Maafo , who made this known on the side-lines of the Graphic Business-Stanbic Bank Breakfast Meetin in Accra on Tuesday , said the Heritage Fund which receives nine percent of the country 's annual petroleum revenue would be used to sustain the program .
The government has said it would review the Petroleum Management Act to allow for the use of the Heritage Fund to finance the free senior high school ( SHS ) policy scheduled to start in September 2017 .
“ We have to make an amendment to say that X percent of the heritage fund , or the petroleum fund will be used to support second cycle education . If we think that industry requires a certain stimulus that will enable jobs to be created and you are creating a job to build Ghana , you can look at it and put in a certain amount . We are [ also ] looking at agriculture . ”
“ Whatever is important to support the future development of this country… particularly when you talk about the youth ; the youth is the future , heritage is the youth , we would make certain relevant amendments to make sure that the economy benefits from the petroleum act , ” Osafo Maafo said .
President Akufo Addo over the weekend announced that government will fully implement the free Senior High School ( SHS ) policy from the 2017/2018 academic year which starts this September .
Read also : Free SHS begins September — Prez Akufo-Addo
According to a report by the Business and Financial Times newspaper , the free SHS programme when implemented would cost an estimated GH¢3.6 million yearly .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Joshua Fancher after being sworn in as an Orange City police officer on Dec. 21 . Orange City Police Department via Facebook
Founders : Steve Flavell & Michael Hughes
Company : LoopUp
Website : loopup.com
Description in one line : LoopUp ( LSE AIM : LOOP ) is a SaaS premium remote meetings solution that makes it easier for people to collaborate .
Turnover : £12.8m ( FY 2016 )
Growth rate : 39 % ( FY 2016 )
Business growth
Describe your business model and what makes your business unique :
LoopUp solves a problem that business people have struggled with for years : painful conference calls .
We compete on our differentiated product . LoopUp delivers a premium conferencing experience every time .
We make money on a pay-as-you-go basis . You only pay for what you use . That 's how much we believe in our product .
What is your greatest business achievement to date ?
In August 2016 we floated on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange . While a great milestone for our business , the IPO was all about future growth and is just a stepping stone in the journey .
What numbers do you look at every day in your business ?
We obsess about usage rates of the differentiated product capabilities that set LoopUp apart from its competitors .
For example , we look at the usage rate of our ‘ dial-out ' capability ( now 75 % ) rather than people dialing in with numbers and codes . When users join that way , they 're naturally guided to a webpage where they can see who 's on their call and who 's speaking , and with one click , they can transform an audio call into a visual collaboration session . It 's all very well to claim your product is easy to use , but we believe that the proof of the pudding is in the eating , and so we measure it !
To what extent does your business trade internationally and what are your plans ?
LoopUp sells primarily to enterprises that are headquartered in US and the UK , although we do some business in the rest Europe and other regions . We have six offices worldwide : three in the US , our headquarters in London , and support offices in Hong Kong and Barbados .
Conferencing is a £5bn market worldwide , and North America and the United Kingdom make up the majority of it . Despite being a smaller fish in a big pond , LoopUp is seeing consistently strong year-on-year growth , and we 'll continue to work on carving out more market share in these regions over time .
Describe your growth funding path :
In its formative years , LoopUp was funded by around 60 angel investors – largely friends and former colleagues of the founders – and a Spanish venture capital company , Adara Venture Partners .
( external site , opens in new tab )
During the run-up to the IPO we took some shareholder debt , which has now all been paid down from the £8.5m IPO proceeds , while leaving a healthy cash position to fund future growth .
With a market capitalisation of £40m , we were the first technology IPO after the vote to leave the European Union and since IPO the share price has increased by 55 % .
What technology has made the biggest difference to your business ?
We have been very careful to only introduce technology that genuinely solves real problems experienced by the mainstream majority of frequent conference callers .
We avoid technology for technology 's sake as we believe this would harm the usability of our product and be off-putting to our users when they 're in the hot seat hosting a live remote meeting . This is a very risk averse use case and people want to feel comfortable and in control .
Where would you like your business to be in three years ?
LoopUp has shown consistently strong business growth – around 38 % year-on-year over the past three years – and our plan is to deliver continued strong top line and profitable growth .
We still have plenty of market to go after in our core UK and US markets , but will consider sensible opportunities for geographic expansion to develop our global footprint . We aspire to become widely recognised as the disruptor that is changing the game in important day-to-day remote meetings .
Growth challenges
What is the hardest thing you have ever done in business ?
In 2009 in the immediate aftermath of the credit crunch we had to hunker down and get ourselves profitable as a business . We were loath to let any teammates go , and so we decided to make a 10 % salary cut across the board .
I ca n't say it was an all-hands call that Hughes and I were looking forward to , to put it mildly . However , the reaction of the team and the messages of support we received afterwards were quite overwhelming . We 've always endeavored to develop a culture of trust and fairness ; it 's something that we still guard preciously today as we continue to grow .
What was your biggest business mistake ?
Following our funding round in 2007 , we made what we thought was a sensible step – quickly hiring strong , experienced sales people from the conferencing world . We hired around 25 people .
Unfortunately , we realised we 'd made a big mistake in pressing ahead so quickly as this rapidly-formed and experienced team were too set in their ways . They were too used to selling products that had created an industry in need of disruption , rather than selling a disruptive product to that industry .
Our saving grace was that we changed things just as quickly . We built a new team – more progressively – around graduates whom we trained ourselves .
We trained them to tell the LoopUp story more consistently and from an angle of why we exist as a company and the problem we solve – painful conference calls . This new sales organisation now delivers incredibly consistent and efficient growth for the business .
Piece of Red Tape that hampers growth most :
People pulling in different directions . It 's fine to have different points of view on deck when important decisions are tabled , but they need to be debated out , even if painfully so , or they 'll become more costly down the track .
It 's also fine – indeed important – to revisit decisions , but in an organised way rather than haphazardly .
We put a lot of time and effort into ensuring that everyone in the company – at all levels – understands why we exist as a business and why we 're focused on what we 're focused on . There 's clearly a lot more to effective communications than that , but it 's a critical foundation for aligned decision-making that does n't hamper growth .
What is the most common serious mistake you see entrepreneurs make ?
Not raising enough money… things inevitably take longer to get right than you expect .
How will your market look in three years ?
It really is an exciting time to involved in the broader world of enterprise collaboration with so many innovative tools that vendors are bringing to market . A key challenge for that broader market will be interoperability – tools that play well with one another .
In our particular segment of enterprise collaboration , however , achieving mainstream change has proven to be a much greater challenge with the majority of people still dialing into audio-only calls with numbers and codes .
After 25 years of painful conference calls , I hope LoopUp can continue to play its part in making these important remote meetings better . Better late than never .
What is the single most important piece of advice you would offer to a less experienced entrepreneur ?
Work with a business partner ( or two ) whom you trust , absolutely .
Personal growth
Biggest luxury :
Getting an Uber over taking the tube . Business class flights will have to wait a while longer , unfortunately !
Executive education or learn it on the job ?
You undoubtedly learn more on the job . However , I found value in my MBA – Hughes and I actually met at Stanford as two of the eight Brits on the course .
Many MBA students seem quite disappointed when they realise that there 's no secret sauce to business success ; that there are very often no right answers in complex business situations . The contrary reaction to this realisation , which I shared , was a growth in confidence to take a viewpoint . As an entrepreneur , this is a helpful trait .
Take a viewpoint and get on with something quickly , albeit with a constant eye to changing track along the way .
What would make you a better leader ?
Many things , probably ! I 've actually decided that making myself take vacations really does help . It 's valuable to take some time to step back away from the day-to-day fray and multitude of projects and decisions always on deck .
I nearly always find I return from holiday with a plan of attack that did n't seem quite so obvious beforehand .
What one thing do you wish you 'd known when you started ?
To have raised money in the first half of 2008 , rather than needing money the second half .
One business app and one personal app you ca n't do without :
Salesforce for business and Google Maps for personal use – apparently a sense of direction is n't my strong suit .
Business book :
Predictable Revenue : Turn Your Business into a Sales Machine with the $ 100m best practices of Salesforce.com
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
On August 8 , Mattapoisett 's Community Nurse Amanda Stone received the Massachusetts Community Nurse Award of Excellence presented by the Board of Selectmen .
Town Administrator Michael Gagne said that while other cities and towns cut back on public health nursing services as a cost-saving measure , opting instead to use the services of visiting nurses , Mattapoisett had made the investment .
“ Mattapoisett 's position was significant , ” Gagne said , noting that community nurses provide a level of care and continuity is not readily available through other means . “ A community nurse can do so much more , providing a regional approach to such issues as drug use , emergency inoculations , and so much more , ” they said .
Selectman Jordan Collyer told Stone during the presentation , “ This is a great accomplishment … you 've been a tremendous hire for us. ” They shared that the Council on Aging and others in the community “ …love having you available to help , ” and added , “ We 've made your role bigger , especially in a community with a population averaging over the age of fifty-five . ”
Stone responded by thanking the Board of Selectmen and the Board of Health to whom they directly report . They said , “ Any award comes from a team effort . Thank you for the support . ”
Stone has been a full-time employee for the town for 12 years .
One outreach program that is near and dear to Stone is Operation Stand Down . They recently announced that for the eleventh year , the Massachusetts Association of Public Health Nurses is sponsoring Operation Stand Down , a one-day event that provides foot care for at-risk and at-home veterans .
“ We identified an unmet need , ” Stone said , referring to foot care for homeless or otherwise at-risk veterans , and homebound veterans .
“ The tent that we set up on the day of the event was named ‘ The Spa ' by the vets , ” they said with a warm smile .
Operation Stand Down takes place on September 8 at City Hall Plaza in Boston where Stone will be representing the Tri-Town area . Tri-Town residents wishing to assist can drop off clean white socks at the Veterans ' Office in Mattapoisett .
In other business , Gagne said the first village neighborhood engagement meeting recently took place with about 25 residents coming out to discuss the design of streets in the village . They said that on Thursday , August 10 , a second meeting focusing on Water Street would take place at 6:30 pm in Center School .
The meetings are being facilitated by VHB , the engineer group hired by the Town to assist in planning the future look of Mattapoisett 's village streets and with final plans for Phase 1B of the bike path . Gagne said the process of engaging the public in discussions would help to formulate plans that will be fully vetted in November .
As for the bike path itself , Gagne said people are really starting to get excited . “ This coming spring , the project should be out for bid , ” they said .
Gagne said VHB is working on the design of safety features planned for the bike and pedestrian crossings at Mattapoisett Neck and Brandt Island Roads , features that will assist motorists and others when someone is entering the roadway .
On that note , Selectman Tyler Macallister said , “ This is a public service announcement , ” and then proceeded to share a near-miss incident involving a bicyclist and himself . “ The person on the bike , an adult , did n't stop at the crossing. ” They said they were not traveling fast on Mattapoisett Neck Road at the time of the event , but nonetheless it was frightening . “ Please be careful ! ” they told the public .
Gagne said VHB is looking at traffic signaling devices similar to those recently installed on Route 6 and that they would be meeting with abutters to hear and work through any concerns they may have , especially light pollution . They said part of the design would include motion-sensing mechanisms that will alert the bicyclist or pedestrian that they are approaching the crossing .
Gagne said the Town would be holding a Fall Special Town Meeting during November to handle matters related to the bike path . They encouraged voters interested in submitting articles for the warrant to do so soon and offered assistance in preparing any articles citizens wanted to bring forward for town meeting vote .
The selectmen also met with Treasurer Brenda Herbeck and Town Clerk Catherine Heuberger to sign documents for short-term notes and bonds . The retiring bonds earned up to $ 271,000 , and those monies will be used to pay down other debts . The earnings were from bonds that were taken for school and library improvements between 2007 and 2009 .
The next meeting of the Mattapoisett Board of Selectmen is scheduled for September 12 at 6:30 pm in the town hall conference room .
Mattapoisett Board of Selectmen
By Marilou Newell
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
What the Death of Broadband Privacy Rules Means
Now that both houses of Congress have voted to block Obama-era broadband privacy rules , what does that mean for you ?
In the short term , not so much . The rules , which would have put tough restrictions on what companies like Comcast , Verizon and AT & T can do with information such as your internet history , had n't yet gone into effect . So if President Donald Trump signs the measure , as the White House has indicated they will , the status quo will remain .
But the absence of clear privacy rules means that the companies supplying your internet service -- and who can see a great deal of what you do with it -- can continue to mine that information for use in their own advertising businesses . And consumer advocates worry that the companies will be an enticing target for hackers .
Here 's how that could play out and what it means .
What Changes Now ?
Not much , at least immediately . For now , phone and cable companies remain subject to federal law that imposes on broadband providers a `` duty to protect the confidentiality '' of customer information and restricts them from using some customer data without `` approval . ''
But it does n't spell out how companies must get permission , how they must protect your data , or whether and how they have to tell you if it 's been hacked .
What the Rules Would Have Changed
Under the Federal Communications Commission 's rules , Comcast and its ilk would have needed your permission before offering marketers a wealth of information about you , including health and financial details , your geographic location and lists of websites you 've visited and apps you 've used .
Republicans and industry officials complained that the browsing and app history restrictions would have unfairly burdened internet providers , since other companies such as Google and Facebook do n't have to abide by them .
That 's important because the biggest broadband companies want to build ad businesses to rival those tech giants . This rule would have made that more difficult .
These rules also required broadband providers to take reasonable measures to protect customer information , although those were n't spelled out . They also required these companies to tell you if your information had been hacked .
Can You Stop Providers from Collecting Your Data ?
Yes , but it 's not easy . Broadband providers today let you `` opt out '' of using their data , although figuring out how to do that can be difficult .
Instead , the digital rights group Electronic Frontier Foundation suggests you might pay to use a virtual private network , which funnels your internet traffic through a secure connection that your provider ca n't see into . But good VPNs are n't free , you have to figure out which ones you can trust , and unless you go to the trouble of setting one up on your home router -- not a straightforward task -- you would need to set them up on every phone , tablet and computer in your home .
The EFF and other supporters of the privacy rules also point out that in many markets consumer choices are limited when it comes to home broadband , so you often ca n't just switch providers if you do n't like their privacy policies .
Does My State Have My Back ?
Maybe . Many state laws bar unfair or deceptive practices , which they can use against privacy violations . Other state and federal regulations aim to protect medical and financial records , but may not apply to internet service providers .
Only a few states regulate specific practices by broadband providers , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures , which tracks state laws . Minnesota , for instance , requires internet service providers to get customer permission before sharing their web-browsing histories .
The vast majority of states do require business and government to tell their residents when their information has been hacked , according to the NCSL , but they have different approaches . At least 13 states require businesses to have reasonable security practices .
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Towards the end of last year , Netflix raised its prices in the US , with the most expensive option ( Ultra HD , 4 screens ) increasing from $ 11.99 to $ 13.99 . In Europe , that top tier costs €13.99 ( £9.99 in the UK ) . Thankfully , it does n't look like Netflix is planning to hike its current subscription prices any further , but a new even higher tier could be on the way .
According to TuttoAndroid , users in Italy have noticed a new 'Ultra ' plan costing an additional €3 . The only discernible difference is the inclusion of HDR support . That seems like a lot of money for no extra screens or other perks , but for the moment this is just a test to see what people make of the new model .
In a statement given to CNET , a Netflix spokesperson said that they `` continuously test new things at Netflix and these tests typically vary in length of time . In this case , we are testing slightly different price points and features to better understand how consumers value Netflix . ''
The test shows different things to different people . In a move that would surely cause anger , some users noted that the Premium plan 's number of screens had been reduced to just two . Time will tell whether Netflix decides to make any official changes to its pricing structure and roll them more widely . I can only hope the Premium plan I 'm already paying for wo n't be affected .
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com . It 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out [ … ]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of [ … ]
WQAMMiami 's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida 's original sports station . For a quarter century , WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved [ … ]
South Florida H.S . SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com ! We 're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http : //miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “ crew ” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1 @ aol.com . We want to hear [ … ]
India air pollution deaths poised to exceed China 's
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The S & P 500 and the Dow were flat in early morning trading on Monday after an explosion rocked New York 's Port Authority , one of the city 's busiest commuter hubs .
Police confirmed one suspect is in custody but were yet to identify the device used . Local news channel WABC cited police sources as saying a possible pipe bomb detonated in a passageway below ground at Port Authority .
“ When you see one of these events in a major city , you get a little cautious tone . But it 's never enough to really rout a stock market intraday , ” said Michael Antonelli , managing director , institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee .
At 9:37 a.m . ET , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 8.85 points , or 0.04 percent , at 24,320.31 , the S & P 500 was up 1.14 points , or 0.04 percent , at 2,652.64 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 18.81 points , or 0.28 percent , at 6,858.89 .
Technology stocks led the gainers on the S & P 500 , rising 0.41 percent , while financial stocks were the biggest losers . Energy stocks also rose on the back of rise in oil prices after the explosion .
Interest in the surge in bitcoin and opening of futures trading continued to fuel bets on crypotcurrency related stocks , many of which have risen exponentially in value in the past three months . Shares of Marathon Patent , Riot Blockchain , Overstock.com and Xunei were up between 10 percent and 24 percent . Bitcoin futures jumped more than 20 percent in the US debut on Sunday , which backers hope will encourage wider use and give legitimacy to cryptocurrency .
Market expectations of an interest rate hike from the Federal Reserve later this week firmed up after a jobs report showed that the economy added 228,000 jobs in November .
However , a sluggish wage growth have raise doubts about the central bank 's plan to raise interest rates thrice in 2018 .
“ We 've got the Fed meeting where it 's pretty much factored in that the Fed is going to be raising rates . The concern is what they are going to say about going forward , ” said Scott Brown , chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg , Florida .
Bluebird Bio shares rose about 19.2 percent after its experimental gene-modifying immunotherapy drug co-developed with Celgene received positive responses in early stage study . Celgene was up 2.4 percent .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,487 to 1,046 . On the Nasdaq , 1,502 issues rose and 894 fell .
Pranav Mohanlal , the star kid is all set to make their debut in the lead role , with the upcoming movie Aadhi . The project , which is written and directed by Jeethu Joseph , had recently started rolling in Kochi .
Now , the second schedule of the highly anticipated project has begun . Lead actor Pranav Mohanlal , director Jeethu Joseph , and the rest of the cast and crew members are currently busy with the second schedule shooting in Bengaluru .
Pranav Mohanlal is reportedly appearing in the titular character Aadhi in the movie , which is an action thriller which comes in the lines of Jeethu Joseph Memories . The movie depicts the story of Aadhi , who in search of a serial killer .
Aadhi , which will not have a romantic track will feature Anusree , Alamara fame Adithi Ravi , and Lena , in the main female characters . According to director Jeethu , all the three actores are playing equally important roles in the movie .
Siddique will appear in the role of Pranav 's father . Satheesh Kurup is the director of photography . Anil Johnson composes the songs and background score . Ayoob Khan handles the editing . Aadhi is produced by Antony Perumbavoor , under the banner Aashirvad Cinemas .
—
LIBERAL MP Trent Zimmerman has cautioned Australians who want marriage equality against boycotting the postal plebiscite .
“ Enrol , participate and vote , ” they said .
“ I understand the concerns about a plebiscite but it 's happening and the consequences of a ‘ no ' vote would set back the cause considerably . ”
Zimmerman said the plebiscite represents a setback but it could also be a path forward for marriage equality .
“ I , along with several of my colleagues , argued for a free parliamentary vote for Coalition MPs which would have been the quickest and fairest way to resolve this issue , ” they said .
“ I do n't want to see this issue languish—there are so many Australians today who want to express their love and commitment to each other who are being denied that opportunity .
“ We were unable to convince the government to move to a parliamentary vote , which was very disappointing for me . ”
Zimmerman said the postal vote is “ a long way from my first choice of how this issue should be resolved ” .
“ Apart from everything else , I am a strong supporter of our system of representative democracy and the parliament can and should make decisions such as these , ” they said .
“ The upside is that there is now a pathway to resolving this issue before Christmas . In all the polling , a majority of Australians support marriage equality so the key now is to ensure people participate and vote . ”
Zimmerman also called for people on both sides of the debate to participate in the process respectfully .
“ There will be outlandish claims made by some supporters of the ‘ no ' case , ” they said .
“ Similarly , it is important that those of us arguing for a ‘ yes ' vote recognise that many Australians are opposed to marriage equality out of deeply held convictions . Respect must work both ways .
“ Our focus must be on a very positive message that this is all about members of the LGBTI community having the opportunity to share their love in the same way as other Australians . ”
LONDON ( AP ) — The Spice Girls have confirmed plans to work together for the first time in six years , though details of the projects remain undisclosed .
Photos released Friday showed a meeting of Victoria “ Posh Spice ” Beckham , Melanie “ Sporty Spice ” Chisholm , Emma “ Baby Spice ” Bunton , Melanie “ Scary Spice ” Brown and Geri “ Ginger Spice ” Horner .
Publicist Jo Milloy later released a statement saying “ the time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together . ”
It said new projects would “ embrace the original essence of the Spice Girls , while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations . ”
The Sun newspaper says projects could include a TV talent show , though it said Saturday a live tour is n't planned .
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon , and last reunited at the 2012 London Olympics .
HabsWorld.net --
Montreal 's centre depth at the end of the season was , to put it nicely , lousy . Unfortunately for the team , it 's an issue for the other areas of the organization as well .
Several players played at both centre and the wing this past season . I 've placed them based on where they played the most in 2015-16 .
NHL
Signed : Phillip Danault , Torrey Mitchell , Tomas Plekanec
RFA 's : None
UFA 's : None
Let 's get the good out of the way first . Danault had a breakout campaign and rewarded GM Marc Bergevin 's faith in them when they acquired the centre from Chicago . They were a little above average at the faceoff dot and was one of their top five-on-five scorers . Danault moved up the lineup as the year progressed although that worked against them down the stretch and in the playoffs as they were overmatched as a true number one .
Then there 's Plekanec who vastly underachieved . They picked up where they left off the year before with their offensive struggles and while they were still a good defensive player , that was hardly the type of performance they were expecting for $ 6 million a season . Danault exceeded expectations but Plekanec 's play negated that which left them in the same spot when all was said and done .
Mitchell was their usual self . They provided adequate fourth line minutes and followed up a small hot streak offensively with multiple months of nothing at that end of the ice . They have one year left on their contract and with some young players likely to push for a spot next season , he 's someone that could be deemed expendable over the course of the summer or into training camp .
Needs Assessment : Very High – If Alex Galchenyuk is n't viewed as a centre moving forward ( and I do n't think they are by management and the coaching staff ) , there 's a case to be made that the Habs need two centres this offseason , a top liner and a middle six option . There are options around the league to fill the latter void but landing a front line pivot is going to be a significant challenge for Bergevin . For this team to take the next step though , he 's going to need to find a way to get it done as a 1/2 punch of Danault and Plekanec to start next season is n't going to cut it .
AHL
Signed : Daniel Audette , Chris Terry , Markus Eisenschmid , Michael McCarron , Niki Petti ( AHL deal )
RFA 's : Jacob de la Rose , Mark MacMillan
UFA 's : None
AHL Free Agents : None
I do n't think it would be too fair to say McCarron had a down season but they failed to really progress a whole lot . In the minors , they were a secondary scorer while with the Habs , they just rarely scored ( once in 31 games ) . They profile as a pure bottom six forward and looked more like a fourth liner than a third in their NHL stint . They also struggled at the faceoff dot and as a result , it would n't be shocking to see them moved back to the wing at some point if that continues .
Terry was a toss-up as to whether or not to go here or on the wing as they spent a lot of time at both spots . They finished up down the middle so he 'll go here . The veteran was a great addition for the IceCaps as they finished second in AHL scoring . Assuming they make it through waivers again next year , he 'll be a top liner . Whether that 's still down the middle though or on the wing remains to be seen .
Audette was given a golden opportunity to be a go-to scorer right off the bat but had a few strong weeks overshadowed by a few mediocre months . He 's the one centre in the minors that has any sort of real offensive upside so they may be in line for top minutes as soon as next season . That said , the NHL potential does n't appear to really be there .
Eisenschmid was off to a nice start to their season in a bottom six roles and earned themselves a two year NHL deal in the process . They were injured shortly thereafter and when they were healthy , they found themselves a healthy scratch more often than not . They had more of a chance and more playing time under Sylvain Lefebvre when they were on a minor league deal compared to when they became a Montreal prospects which makes very little sense even now .
As for de la Rose , it was a tale of two seasons . They underwhelmed early on but really picked things up in the second half of the season , particularly offensively where they were finally given a chance to build some sustained confidence instead of getting yanked back to Montreal at the first sight of progress . He 's waiver eligible moving forward and given their previous NHL success , he 'll likely get snapped up off waivers if Montreal tries to send them through next season .
MacMillan actually saw their numbers ( and role ) drop from their rookie season which is hardly a good sign . He 's 25 and barely held down a fourth line role which makes it unlikely he 'll return . Instead , their spot appears to be earmarked for Petti , who signed after Hamilton of the OHL was eliminated and held their own when they got into St. John 's lineup .
Needs Assessment : High – McCarron seems likely to spend a lot of time with Montreal next year while de la Rose probably wo n't make it back down . If Terry shifts back to the wing , that presents a situation where Audette would be the top line centre . That 's not a good sign if the Habs want Laval to have any shot at being a playoff team . At least one more top six pivots is needed one way or another and they 'll probably have to get that in free agency .
Unsigned/Junior/College Prospects
Will Bite did n't get off to the greatest starts as a preseason holdout kept them out of the lineup early and they were a step slow for a bit when they joined Hamilton . They steadily improved as the season went on although they did spend considerable time at the wing as well while struggling at the faceoff dot . He 's a quality NHL prospect but long-term , they may be earmarked for the right wing .
Martin Reway 's first season on an NHL contract was a complete write-off that caused them to miss the entire year . Fortunately , their recovery is going well and they have begun training again in the hopes of being ready for training camp . Given what 's transpired though , it 's hard to place any sort of expectations on them moving forward .
Lukas Vejdemo 's second SHL season did n't yield the type of offensive progression anyone was hoping for . They did , however , spend more time down the middle and spent a good chunk of the year as Djurgarden 's checking centre . They re-upped for another year in Sweden and their play in 2017-18 will go a long way towards determining what type of NHL future they have .
Michael Pezzetta was picked in the hopes that he 'd start to produce on what was expected to be a better Sudbury team . While the team was better , they are n't . Aside from being a faceoff specialist for them , their only other specialty was bad penalties . He 's going to need quite a year to even warrant a contract offer next season .
Needs Assessment : High – The depth is there in terms of quantity ( and the first three have some sort of potential NHL upside ) but there 's probably no top six centres of the future in the mix either ( if Reway makes it , it 's probably as a winger long-term ) . Given that there 's not much to work with in the minor pro system either , this is something that needs to be addressed at the upcoming draft and/or in any offseason dealings .
Assessing the Depth : Left Wingers
Assessing the Depth : Defencemen
Assessing the Depth : Goaltenders
The following summary of calls for service/reports filed by the Riley County Police Department is a portion of those received by police . Some names , addresses , and case details are withheld to follow local , state , and federal law as well as in an attempt to protect community members from being victimized further . Those arrested are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law .
MANHATTAN , KAN. –
Officers filed a report for aggravated unlawful transmission of a visual depiction of a child in Manhattan on October 5 , 2017 . Officers listed a 10 year old female as the victim when it was reported a 13 year old male sent inappropriate pictures of themselves to the victim . Due to the nature of the crime reported , no additional details will be released .
Keron Colbert , 22 , of Junction City , Kansas , was arrested while at the Riley County Police Department on October 5 , 2017 at approximately 1:40 PM . Colbert was arrested on a Riley County District Court warrant for theft by deception . Colbert 's bond was set at $ 11,000.00 causing them to remain confined at the time of this report .
Jacob Bolek , 41 , of Riley , Kansas , was arrested in the 300 block of W Walnut in Riley , Kansas , on October 5 , 2017 at approximately 7:25 PM . Bolek was arrested on a Riley County District Court warrant for five counts of aggravated incest . Bolek 's total bond was set at $ 10,000.00 . Bolek was not confined at the time of this report .
Officers filed a report for criminal damage to property near S Manhattan and Pottawatomie on October 5 , 2017 at approximately 7:45 PM . Officers listed Riley County Kansas as the victim when two known suspects painted graffiti on a bridge in the area . The total loss associated with this case is approximately $ 750.00 . Aspen Mattoon , 21 , and Jonathan Floresklemick , 20 , were arrested in connection .
Sasha Moore , 26 , of Manhattan , was arrested in the 2000 block of Seaton Ave. on October 6 , 2017 at approximately 4:00 AM . Moore was arrested on charges of aggravated battery , domestic battery and criminal damage to property . Moore 's total bond was set at $ 7,000.00 causing them to remain confined at the time of this report .
Those with information about crimes in our area are encouraged to contact RCPD or the Manhattan Riley County Crime Stoppers .
Victor Pugatschew was the overall wine photographer of the year with a picture made in the Champagne region of France , showing chardonnay being pressed and spinning down into the tanks below .
Princess Sayako and Yoshiki Kuroda ( 2005 )
Princess Sayako , the only daughter of Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko , wed urban designer and family friend ( and commoner ) Yoshiki Kuroda on Nov. 15 , 2005 . Their “ low-key ” wedding , which took place at the Imperial Hotel in Tokyo , marked the end of Sayako 's royal status as mandated by Imperial law . Still , the bride looked as elegant as ever in a long-sleeved white dress and pearls . Ahead of their wedding , Sayako reportedly took driving lessons and practiced buying groceries at supermarkets . Speaking to reporters , the former “ Princess Nori ” said they were “ happy ” that their father saw their “ new life as a continuation , not as a complete break. ” In 2017 , Sayako took over for their aunt , Atsuko Ikeda , as the supreme priestess of Ise Grande Shrine .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Eric Dier scored England 's winning penalty
According to overnight figures , 23.6 million viewers watched the moment when England won their World Cup penalty shootout against Colombia on ITV .
More people tuned in between 21:50-21:55 BST on Tuesday than watched any other five minutes of British TV since the 2012 Olympic closing ceremony .
An average of 20.1 million watched the last 16 match as a whole .
The win sent England through to face Sweden in the quarter-finals , a game that will be on BBC One on Saturday .
Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .
Buy Photo A view of Pensacola Bay from the hill above Bruce Beach in Pensacola on Tuesday , November 7 , 2017 . A fish hatchery is proposed to be built on the Bruce Beach property . ( Photo : Gregg Pachkowski/gregg @ pnj.com ) Buy Photo
For the second month in a row , the Pensacola City Council will not discuss a lease with the state for a fish hatchery at Bruce Beach .
The City Council was set to vote on a clarification of the hatchery lease at Thursday 's council meeting , but the item was pulled from the agenda during the council 's agenda conference on Monday .
During the agenda conference , Council President Gerald Wingate announced the item was pulled at the request of its sponsors , Mayor Ashton Hayward and Councilwoman Jewel Cannada-Wynn .
More : Bruce Beach fish hatchery : Pensacola City Council will vote on validity of lease next week
City Administrator Eric Olson , representing the mayor at the meeting , and Cannada-Wynn made no comment during the meeting as to why the item was removed from the agenda .
At the council 's agenda conference in November , City Attorney Lysia Bowling recommended pulling all items related to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission 's Gulf Coast Marine Fisheries Hatchery and Enhancement Center at Bruce Beach after two downtown Pensacola property owners , Jerry Holzworth and Dan Lindemann , filed a lawsuit against the city over the hatchery 's lease .
Bowling said in November that discussing or voting on the issue could jeopardize the city 's coverage under its insurance policy for litigation .
The lawsuit alleged the hatchery 's lease was invalid and the city failed to follow its own rules and Florida law by not bringing the project through the Community Redevelopment Agency .
The News Journal reported in October that the city 's lease with the FWC may no longer be valid because the May deadline to begin construction on the project was not met .
More : Bruce Beach in Pensacola estimated to generate $ 7.7 million on the open market
City and state officials have maintained the lease is still valid and said construction started on the project in February , despite no official notice of commencement being filed with the county and no construction company being hired for the project .
The item pulled from the agenda Monday would have declared the lease valid and extended the deadline for the completion of the project to Jan. 1 , 2022 .
The item looked likely to pass as only three council members — Sherri Myers , Brian Spencer and P.C . Wu — told the News Journal last week that they would vote against it .
Jim Little can be reached at jwlittle @ pnj.com or850-208-9827 .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.pnj.com/story/news/politics/2017/12/11/fish-hatchery-lease-again-pulled-pensacola-city-council-agenda/941247001/
0:45 Woman munches on raw meat outside a train station A woman was seen eating a pound of raw meat outside a train station in central London . The person filming the gruesome sight gasped when they bit into the uncooked ground beef , which they drizzled with oil , and topped off by biting into a whole lemon .
1:13 Cop gets wrestled to the ground and hit with car before suspect 's arrest A routine traffic stop turned into a high-speed chase in Georgia , after a driver wrestled a deputy to the ground and escaped arrest . The suspect eventually was driven off the road and charged with possession of a large amount of Xanax and aggravated assault against a law enforcement officer .
0:59 The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common , especially in politics . In the wake of President Trump 's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels , here 's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and affairs that left marks on our political history .
0:35 Cyclist goes airborne after he 's hit by reckless driver North Wales police released CCTV footage of reckless driver Jake David Tompkinson hitting a cyclist , who went flying through the air . This week , Tompkins was sentenced to a year in prison and a two-and-a-half-year ban on driving . Police say Tompkins was driving carelessly and not paying attention at the time of the incident in July 2017 . The biker sustained serious injuries and allowed the footage of their accident to be released to raise awareness of reckless driving .
0:55 Masked couple batter shop owner and steal $ 35K worth of gold Qatari tourist Mohammed Ibrahim Malki and their lady friend Aisha Udomwatananon donned masks to rob a Thai gold shop . Janyong Nopparat , t they store owner , was hit over the head with a metal bar and repeatedly punched in front of their horrified wife . The thieving couple fled in a car that was rented from a tourist resort miles from the gold shop . They were later found and arrested . Janyong and their wife were traumatized and injured , but they did get the $ 35,000 worth of gold returned .
0:51 Pepsi thief forgets to cover their face before stealing vending machine One Pepsi was not enough . Two men in Oklahoma City were seen stealing a Pepsi vending machine , after one of the thieves purchased a drink just five minutes before . The bandanna-clad suspects loaded the entire machine into a white pickup truck .
0:57 15-foot python found living inside this man 's living room wall Forget the exterminator — time to call a snake charmer . A 15-foot-long python was caught hiding inside the walls of a living room in Bangkok . “ This was an unusual place to find the snake , ” said one of the rescuers , who hammered through the plasterboard to catch the serpent . “ We think it got inside though a gap in the wall to shelter from the rain . ”
0:43 Man in 'Frozen ' drag pushes a police van out of the snow “ Let them go ! ” cheered onlookers , as a man dressed as Elsa from “ Frozen ” pushed a police van out of a Boston snowbank . The 37-year-old attorney said they donned the Disney princess costume because they wanted to blend in during the storm , which dropped 16 inches of snow on South Boston .
1:06 Spirit Airlines stands by decision to send child 's cancer meds on a plane without them A family is claiming that Spirit Airlines prevented them from boarding a plane , despite them arriving at the gate before the plane was scheduled to take off . Even worse , the family had already checked their luggage , which included medicine for their 3-year-old son .
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year 's Day
1:53 They were unable to survive , fire chief says of family of 3
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:36 Nick Chubb on why he 's returning for another year
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
Photo courtesy of Premier Boxing Champions
Adonis Stevenson 's light heavyweight title defense against Andrzej Fonfara on June 3 will air on Showtime , the network announced on Monday as part of its run-down for its spring schedule . Showtime also announced separate events for Adrien Broner and lightweight titleholder Mikey Garcia this summer , though opponents have not been named .
The bout between Stevenson and Fonfara is a rematch of their 2014 clash that saw Stevenson taste the canvas in the ninth round and hang on for a unanimous decision win . The co-feature to Stevenson-Fonfara will be another light heavyweight matchup between Eleider Alvarez and Jean Pascal .
Stevenson had been in talks to face Joe Smith Jr. before a deal could not be reached for April 29 at the newly renovated Nassau Coliseum . They then turned their attention to Seanie Monaghan , another Long Island resident , only to bail on those talks in favor of a second fight with Fonfara , which is expected to take place in Stevenson 's backyard of Quebec at the Bell Centre .
Showtime 's packed lineup of seven world title fights across eight broadcasts in an eight-week span also includes the following : Andre Berto vs. Shawn Porter and Jermell Charlo vs. Charles Hatley on Saturday ( Amanda Serrano vs. Dahiana Santa will be on Showtime Extreme ; Anthony Joshua vs. Wladimir Klitschko on April 29 ; Gervonta Davis vs. Liam Walsh , as well as Gary Russell Jr. vs. Oscar Escandon , Andre Dirrell vs. Jose Uzcategui and Rances Barthelemy vs. Kiryl Relikh on May 20 from two sites ; Kell Brook vs. Errol Spence Jr. on May 27 ; and Joel Diaz Jr. vs. Abel Ramos on June 9 on ShoBox .
“ Showtime continues its unrivaled commitment to the sport , ” Showtime boxing head Stephen Espinoza said in a press release . “ There simply is no other network in boxing delivering world-class events on a consistent basis . Our 2017 schedule already includes some 17 live boxing telecasts , 15 world championship fights , with the top-rated fighters squaring off in boxing 's deepest weight divisions . We continue to break the glass ceiling on women 's boxing , deliver the biggest bouts from overseas and see champions take on champions to unify divisions . We are proud to be re-shaping the boxing landscape both in and out of the ring . ”
Union demands Nissan-style assurances for Vauxhall UK plants
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Any human who was once a teen , or currently a teen , or a teen-to-be knows the importance of a very special place in the mall devoted to the ideals of human beauty : Claire 's . It is the temple where 100 million people so far have gotten their ears pierced , and plenty more have bought cheap jewelry to complete their lewk .
Sadly , the chain is filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy . According to its bankruptcy filing , Claire 's has reached a deal with its creditors to reduce its debt by approximately $ 1.9 billion .
Claire 's , like many other retailers , has been suffering for a while , and in 2016 it closed more than 150 stores , according to the Washington Post . In 2015 , it struck a deal to have hundreds of concession stores in Toys ' R ' Us , though that plan was doomed as well : Last week the toy store said it would be closing its US stores .
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band 's third album , What If Nothing , on the horizon , Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation .
Related : Walk The Moon Debut ‘ One Foot ' Video
“ The approach was just making noise , getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls , ” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“ Sonically , we 're reaching for taller , wider , and more vast , more epic sounds , ” they said . “ But the lyrics are kind of the opposite . They 're much more personal and are very close to the heart , very raw . ”
Despite the “ chaos ” that went into the new full-length , including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca 's father fell ill , the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out .
“ There 's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut , and everything feels unfinished , ” they revealed . “ That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort , until the record is to the point of , ‘ Oh . What a relief . This feels amazing , ' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to , eventually , grow wings and become something really beautiful . ”
By Emilie Medland-Marchen , February 14 2017 —
The University of Calgary Dinos athletics department got involved in this year 's Bell Let 's Talk day on Jan. 25 in a big way .
Bell Let 's Talk is a social media campaign dedicated to starting a conversation about mental health and leading de-stigmatization efforts across Canada . Engaging with the hashtag on social media , the Dinos helped raise awareness about the stigma of mental health in sport among student athletes .
The Gauntlet sat down with Dinos athletics department director Chrsitine Stapleton to discuss the Dinos ' involvement this year and how approaches to mental health have changed in sport culture since they were an athlete .
The Gauntlet : What led to the Dinos getting involved in Bell Let 's Talk ?
Christine Stapleton : Last year , the Atlantic University Consortium got together as a regional association and put together a conference-wide message of videos and opportunities with student athletes . The Bell Let 's Talk folks saw how impactful that it was and rolled it out across Canada . Each regional association in Canada actually was involved . Institutionally , we wanted to be involved , but as a member of Canada West and with Canada West being involved in Canadian University Sport , it was a country-wide initiative .
It was a no-brainer for the U of C and the Dinos to get involved . So when Bell Let 's Talk asked , we answered the call . And when we walked down that path with our peers , Bell Let 's Talk provided everything . It really was quite simple for us to execute on campus .
G : What impact can Dinos athletes have on starting conversations about mental health in Canada ?
S : I think it 's important that , whether we like it or not , student athletes have a bit of a higher profile on campus because they 're competing against peer institutions . We have a responsibility to talk about it within our own population . It 's really important that we 're not only leaders in the competitive environment , we 're [ also ] leaders in a conversation as important as this .
G : What was your experience as an athlete with mental health and how have perspectives towards it changed since then ?
S : Well , it 's a conversation . When I played , we did n't even really talk about it . We all wanted to be healthy , but we never really talked about our mental health — it was always our physical health . When we would go through challenges as a team — and I coached for many years as well — you did n't understand what happened off the court . In my case , I was a basketball player and a basketball coach . It was n't talked about as much . Whereas now , in my eight [ or ] nine years as a director in the sport administration side , it 's a part of the way I talk to the coaches , and it 's something that I ask the coaches about their student athletes .
G : What did the Dinos do this year on the day and in the weeks leading up to Bell Let 's Talk ?
S : Every day on our social media — we 're very well followed on Instagram , Twitter and Facebook — we highlighted a different team with individual photos , as well as team photos . And they would share on the bubble cards , with the hashtag Bell Let 's Talk . Each one of our teams got toques and we hosted games [ like ] Bell Let 's Talk hockey games and court games .
Canada West had a video that we produced for Bell Let 's Talk , featuring one of our student athletes — the assistant captain of the men 's hockey team , Elgin Pierce . We played that at each one of our games and it was very much part of the lead up to Bell Let 's Talk . We had our countdown day up until Bell Let 's Talk and then on the final day we had a mash-up of all of our photos . Then I led my team — the department — in taking photos highlighting how we were feeling .
G : What do you think that video did to break the stigma and start a conversation about mental health ?
S : We have a leadership group within our varsity teams . Two or three athletes get together about once every six weeks and talk about leadership topics and we discuss Bell Let 's Talk . Even starting with that group was extremely powerful . We 're extremely appreciative that Elgin got involved along with other student athletes from our peer institutions . I think it was extremely important for someone like Elgin , who is a leader within their own population of student athletes , to become a leader on our bigger campus where there are close to 30,000 students . Everybody has a story .
G : There seems to be more of a focus in sports on physical health and less of a focus on psychological support and mental health . Can you speak to that at all ?
S : [ Within the Dinos ] we do n't have any [ resources ] that are outside what 's offered to all the students at the University of Calgary . We just do n't have the capacity . I would love to have a more specialized service for student athletes because I think their experiences here on campus are unique . Currently we do n't have a student service designed to specifically serve student athletes , but we absolutely communicate with our student athletes about the services that are available through the Wellness Centre on campus .
G : How do you think starting this conversation can help other students not necessarily involved with the Dinos ?
S : I think it 's important because I 've been on campus for about a year and a half and one of the first things that I read was the hashtag , “ we are all Dinos. ” I was really appreciative of how excited and how widely our student athletes participated in the campaign this year , going from nothing last year to an intentional focus this year and having a resounding pickup by our student athletes . Having our social media timelines filled with our own students [ engaging ] with the social media — that was a really influential day that we 'll be able to focus on next year .
Edited for clarity and brevity .
Comments
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
ROCHESTER , NY -- ( Marketwired - Apr 17 , 2017 ) - Document Security Systems , Inc. ( NYSE MKT : DSS ) ( `` DSS '' ) announced today that it has filed lawsuits against Cree , Inc. , Seoul Semiconductor Co. , Ltd. and Seoul Semiconductor , Inc. , and Everlight Electronics Co. , Ltd. and Everlight Americas , Inc. , in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas , Marshall Division . The complaints allege infringement of several of DSS 's Light Emitting Diode ( `` LED '' ) patents . DSS 's lead counsel for these cases is Russ August & Kabat , located in Los Angeles , California .
ABOUT DOCUMENT SECURITY SYSTEMS
DSS 's products and solutions are used by governments , corporations and financial institutions to defeat fraud and to protect brands and digital information from the expanding world-wide counterfeiting problem . Its technologies help ensure the authenticity of both digital and physical financial instruments , identification documents , sensitive publications , brand packaging and websites . DSS continually invests in research and development to meet the ever-changing security needs of its clients and offers licensing of its patented technologies . For more information on DSS and its subsidiaries , please visit www.DSSsecure.com .
Just hours after their birth , the new baby Prince made their first appearance to the outside world yesterday evening . Parents Kate Middleton and Prince William stepped out of the Lindo Wing hospital doors cradling their new son , with crowds of press and onlookers there to see them .
While Kate looked their usual glamorous self ( despite having given birth just hours before ) in a red Jenny Packham dress , we could only see a teeny tiny glimpse of the newborn , who was wrapped in a cream blanket . But it turns out that blanket , made by Nottingham-based knitwear company G.H . Hurt & Sons , holds real sentimental value .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The choice to wrap the newborn royal in a knitted shawl from this company is in keeping with a 70-year-old tradition started by the Queen following Prince Charles ' birth . Back in 1948 , when the Queen and their husband Prince Philip presented Prince Charles to the world , they wrapped them in a G.H . Hurt & Sons blanket .
Getty Images
Years later , when Princess Diana went on to have Prince William and Prince Harry , they followed in the footsteps of their mother-in-law and also used a G.H . Hurt & Sons shawl to wrap their newborns in .
Here they are with Prince Charles just after Prince William 's birth in 1982 :
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And here 's a newborn Prince Harry wrapped in a similar blanket just after their birth in 1984 :
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
For Prince William , having lost their mother as a teenager , they were probably eager to honour them in any way they could when it came to the birth of their own children . They and wife Kate Middleton chose to follow tradition and use a blanket of the same brand for both Prince George and Princess Charlotte .
And now , with the birth of their third child , they have done the same :
Getty Images
The particular blanket the currently nameless Prince was wrapped in is the Nottingham Lace Knitted Baby Shawl , and the company behind its creation is pleased as punch that William and Kate chose to wrap their newborn son in it for their world debut .
Gillian Taylor , Director of G. H. Hurt & Son , offered their `` very warmest and sincere congratulations to TRH the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the safe arrival of their baby boy , '' before telling Cosmopolitan UK that their team was `` delighted to see the Royal couple emerge from St Mary 's Hospital with their newborn son wrapped in our traditional hand finished shawl . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
`` We feel so honoured that William and Kate have again chosen our beautiful merino wool lacy knitted baby shawls and in doing so have continued a tradition for the next generation of Royals , '' Gillian added .
What a sweet touch .
Follow Cat on Instagram .
The Evidence of Faith 's Substance Subject : Why We Love Our Police Officers - Because Freedom Is n't Free August 12 , 2017
Ed Croteau
Psalm 82:3-4 “ Give justice to the weak and the fatherless ; maintain the right of the afflicted and the destitute . Rescue the weak and the needy ; deliver them from the hand of the wicked . ”
When you ask little children what they want to be when they grow up , the # 1 choice is secret agent . Not far behind : police officer . Being a police officer ranks higher in children 's ' minds then firefighter , professional athlete , even President . Kids know that it 's our police officers who “ keep bad guys away ” . They are their heroes who serve and protect them . Our Governor , Eric Greitens , agrees .
This week on Facebook , Governor Greitens posted this statement , honoring not only our fallen hero , Officer Gary Michael , but all police officers . So far there have been over 14,000 replies and over 7,300 shares : “ On Sunday , Clinton Police Officer Gary Michael pulled a car over for an expired registration . The door swung open . A man stepped out and opened fire . Now Officer Michael is dead . They were an Army vet . They had three children and one grandchild . Their brother said being a cop filled them with pride and purpose .
Yesterday , officers in Joplin pulled a truck over . An object flew out of the window and exploded in front of them . The cowards drove away . The cops chased them . Another bomb was thrown from the truck . A cop car was run off the road and smashed into a tree . Thank God no one was hurt . The suspects were caught .
That 's where the story stops for a lot of us . We mourn the dead . We wait for the news to confirm that the suspects are in custody . There 's another part of the story I want all of us to think about . The Michaels have an empty seat at their breakfast table . Their dad is gone . Police departments around the state are on edge today . Hundreds of cops will start their patrols and wonder if they 'll make it home . The families of cops saw the news too . They know that what happened to Officer Gary Michael or the Joplin police officers could happen to their loved ones—at any moment , at any time , even during a routine traffic stop .
Cops know their duty . They are trained . They are brave . But let 's not pretend they , and their families , are n't human . They feel anger and fear about what happened . All of us should understand how hard it is to be a law enforcement officer today . We should think about how hard the last few days have been on our finest .
To our police officers : We are grateful for what you do and for what your families do . Your Governor stands with you . The people of Missouri stand with you . Stay safe , and know that a whole state is riding with you . ”
Our verse this week , out of Psalm 82 , is a great description of the sworn duty of our police officers . They give justice to the weak , they maintain the rights of those afflicted , and they rescue the weak by delivering them from the “ hand of the wicked ” – those who violate the law . There are many things on which people will disagree , but the absolute need to have our police to protect us from the wicked is not one of them .
Why do we rely on our law enforcement officers to risk their own lives on a daily basis for the sake of protecting ours ? Because the fundamental right granted by God to all people – individual freedom – is not free . As our Governor just explained to us all in their honoring of Officer Michael , it comes at a terrible cost .
Freedom must be vigilantly defended against those who would abuse it . To live in a free society means all people are allowed to live out their lives under the premise they will choose to obey the rules . As Psalm 32:8-9 says , people have been created uniquely by God from all other animals , with the capacity to understand the difference between what is right and what is wrong : “ I will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go ; I will guide you with My eye . Do not be like the horse or like the mule , which have no understanding. ” To take away any person 's right to live freely under the law is to treat people like animals .
True freedom is n't doing what you want – that 's anarchy . True freedom is doing what you should . That means living within the law for the peace and well-being of all people . And that 's what Officer Michael , and all of our law enforcement officers , have sworn to defend – our right to live free .
Any officer graduating from the academy is required to take the following oath before officially serving as a police officer : “ I do swear that I will well and truly serve our sovereign country and state – as a police officer without favor or affection – malice of ill-will – until I am legally discharged . That I will see and cause our community 's peace to be kept and preserved – and that – I will prevent to the best of my power – all offenses against that peace – and that – while I continue to be a police officer – I will – to the best of my skill and knowledge – discharge all duties thereof – faithfully – according to the law . So help me God . ”
The next time you speak with a police officer , tell them “ God bless you. ” Because you truly hope They will .
Ed Croteau is a resident of Lee 's Summit and hosts a weekly study in Lees Summit called “ Faith : Substance and Evidence. ” They can be reached with your questions through the Lee 's Summit Tribune at Editor @ lstribune.net .
By Carmen Cox
iStock/Thinkstock ( NEW YORK ) — Here are the latest scores and winners :
NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION
Indiana 117 Orlando 104
OT Atlanta 114 San Antonio 112
Detroit 107 Miami 98Portland 95 Minnesota 89
Toronto 123 L.A. Lakers 114
NATIONAL HOCKEY LEAGUE
OT Toronto 5 Detroit 4
Washington 2 Ottawa 1
SO Anaheim 4 Philadelphia 3
NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE
OT Pittsburgh 27 Cleveland 24
Minnesota 38 Chicago 10
New England 35 Miami 14
Cincinnati 27 Baltimore 10
Tampa Bay 17 Carolina 16
Tennessee 24 Houston 17
Philadelphia 27 Dallas 13
N-Y Jets 30 Buffalo 10
Indianapolis 24 Jacksonville 20
Arizona 44 Los Angeles 6
N-Y Giants 19 Washington 10
Atlanta 38 New Orleans 32
Denver 24 Oakland 6
Seattle 25 San Francisco 23
Kansas City 37 San Diego 27
Green Bay 31 Detroit 24
TOP-25 COLLEGE BASKETBALL
( 13 ) Butler 78 Providence 61
OT Minnesota 91 ( 15 ) Purdue 82
( 18 ) Arizona 91 Stanford 52
( 23 ) Cincinnati 92 Tulane 56
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Source : : National Sports
HOUSTON , TX -- ( Marketwired - Feb 14 , 2017 ) - GeoMet , Inc. ( OTC PINK : GMET ) ( OTC PINK : GMETP ) ( `` GeoMet '' or the `` Company '' ) today announced its first interim distribution to the holders of its Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock , par value $ 0.001 per share ( the `` Preferred Stock '' ) , and the holders of its common stock , par value $ 0.001 per share ( the `` Common Stock '' ) .
On December 8 , 2016 , the Company filed a Verified Petition for Determination Pursuant to 8 Del . C. § 280 ( c ) ( the `` Petition '' ) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware ( the `` Court '' ) requesting that the Court determine the amount and form of security likely to be sufficient to provide compensation for certain claims made against the Company or that could arise during the dissolution .
On December 14 , 2016 , the Company filed a Motion for First Interim Distribution to Stockholders in the Court requesting that the Court authorize the Company to make one or more liquidating distributions to its stockholders in an aggregate amount of not more than $ 12,772,700 .
On January 20 , 2017 , following the expiration of a Court-approved notice period to certain claimants , the Court entered an Order that , among other things , ( i ) determined that certain claims rejected by the Company as set forth in the Petition were barred pursuant to 8 Del . C. § 280 ( a ) ( 2 ) or ( a ) ( 4 ) , as applicable , ( ii ) determined that the Company had reserved sufficient security to ( a ) provide compensation for claims against the Company that were the subject of a pending action , suit or proceeding and for unknown claims that may arise against the Company within five years of the date of dissolution and ( b ) the Company 's remaining dissolution expenses , ( iii ) authorized the Company to distribute an aggregate amount of not more than $ 12,772,700 to the Company 's stockholders , ( iv ) authorized the Company to disburse any remaining assets to its stockholders at the end of the dissolution period , and ( v ) authorized the Company to pay 6 % of any distribution in the dissolution to the holders of the Common Stock .
On January 25 , 2017 , GeoMet 's Board of Directors ( the `` Board '' ) unanimously approved a liquidating distribution in the amount of $ 12,772,700 , in aggregate , to its stockholders of record as of February 8 , 2017 ( the `` Record Date '' ) . On , February 15 , 2017 , a cash distribution in the aggregate amount of $ 12,006,338 ( 94 % of the amount approved by the Board ) will be made to the holders of its Preferred Stock as of the Record Date ( or $ 1.6636154 per share based on 7,217,015 shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of the Record Date ) and a cash distribution in the aggregate amount of $ 766,362 ( 6 % of the amount approved by the Board ) will be made to the holders of its Common Stock as of the Record Date ( or $ 0.0189163 per share based on 40,513,373 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Record Date ) .
Bridge collapse survivor files first lawsuit A bicyclist who was badly hurt in the deadly collapse of a pedestrian bridge at Florida International University filed the first civil lawsuit Monday in the tragedy , according to a ...
Boy dies years after freak accident with falling tree branch ATLANTA — The parents of a Georgia boy who was struck by a falling tree branch outside their day care five years ago say they have died . Bill Halstead , the ...
Bridge that collapsed was built in just ' a few hours ' : school The pedestrian walkway that collapsed in Florida on Thursday , killing multiple people , was a first-of-its-kind “ instant bridge ” — which was built using a radical new approach known as “ accelerated construction. ” ...
Multiple deaths when brand-new pedestrian bridge collapses Several people were crushed to death when a 950-ton pedestrian bridge under construction at Florida International University collapsed Thursday afternoon — flattening cars on the roadway below as they waited ...
Construction worker survives being impaled by pole through their groin Doctors miraculously saved a construction worker in India who was impaled on a 4-foot pole through their scrotum — which emerged near their neck . Salim Sheikh , 33 , was working on ...
Man accidentally killed when car crushes them at auto shop PITTSBURGH — Authorities say a man working on a vehicle at an auto shop was killed when it apparently fell on top of him . The death of 39-year-old Pittsburgh resident ...
Semi-pro snowmobiler killed in avalanche BELLINGHAM , Wash. — Officials say a semi-professional snowmobiler was killed in an avalanche Saturday near Mount Baker . The Bellingham Herald reported Tuesday that 27-year-old Lucas K. Rohde of Edmonds was ...
100-foot tower falls directly onto power lines A harvest festival celebration in southern India almost turned into a disaster when a huge tower fell over on top of some nearby power lines . The tower had been built ...
11-year-old girl suffers severe brain damage after garden hose shock An 11-year-old girl suffered severe brain damage after being shocked by an electrified garden hose — and now there 's no hope she 'll ever recover , according to reports . Denishar Woods ' heart ...
LL Cool J has been in the game for many generations , so it 's understandable why they would be offended when fake news gets put into the hip hop-sphere .
Fans have been running with this “ J . Cole is the first rapper to go platinum without features ” accolade since 2014 — but Uncle L hopped on Twitter to set the record straight .
My first album went platinum with no features in 1985…😂😂😂 enough ! ! ! — LLCOOLJ . ( @ llcoolj ) April 24 , 2018
My album went platinum in 1985 with no features . It 's the truth . Not hate . Who would have thought in 2018 it would be offensive to say that . 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 — LLCOOLJ . ( @ llcoolj ) April 24 , 2018
You know the social media trolls wasted no time calling LL a hater — but why ca n't an OG share their resume with uninformed youngins ' ?
You know you 're a hater when someone talking about their track record/resume and accomplishments makes you say some dumb Sh ! t . especially when they ai n't talking to you ! ! ! ! 😂😂😂😂😂😂 — LLCOOLJ . ( @ llcoolj ) April 24 , 2018
Lames out here always lookin for hate . Always assuming The OGs hating on young cats . That ai n't my style . I get to the bag . 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 — LLCOOLJ . ( @ llcoolj ) April 24 , 2018
We Launched the DefJam label in 84 ! ! The label ended up doing pretty good . 😂😂😂😂 Anyone offended by that ? ! ? ! — LLCOOLJ . ( @ llcoolj ) April 24 , 2018
Oh , they also let us know that they invented the term G.O.A.T .
I “ literally ” introduced the term GOAT to hiphop with this album ! ! ! ! ! ! Yes LLCOOLJ started this term in Hiphop ! ! ! In the year 2000 ! ! ! It 's the truth do n't be offended ! ! ! 😂😂😂😂😂😂 I like the other GOATS ! ! ! ! 😂😂😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/gbcVC6dbXj — LLCOOLJ . ( @ llcoolj ) April 24 , 2018
But LL stayed true to their ‘ never let them see you sweat ' form and made it clear that they support the young folks — just respect the history of the game .
I 'm happy to see the new G 's out winning and building their careers .
I started # RocktheBellsSXM so the fans that prefer that classic OG sh ! t . Can hear what they want . When I tweet about music I 'm talking to them “ ONLY ” this is between LLCOOLJ and classic hiphop fans . — LLCOOLJ . ( @ llcoolj ) April 24 , 2018
For all you New G 's that are n't haters . Just know LL has love for you and I wish you nothing but the best . I mean that from the heart . I 'm not in your lane and I 'm not interested in getting in your lane .. We 're doing strictly Classic over here . It 's all love 💪🏾💪🏾💯 — LLCOOLJ . ( @ llcoolj ) April 24 , 2018
Unlike most celebs , they did n't take the trolls to seriously . Uncle L managed to find the humor in the shadiness :
I wore the very first pair of Jordan 's on my very first album . Im talkin when Jordan was a rookie . I 'm not hating on sneaker heads . Do n't get offended 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 I like sneakers ! ! ! ! pic.twitter.com/zKsGgnkwD5 — LLCOOLJ . ( @ llcoolj ) April 24 , 2018
I Rocked Heavy ice in the early 80 's and 90s ! ! ! I like people who wear diamonds ! ! Do n't be offended ! ! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/BeiaDFB6eJ — LLCOOLJ . ( @ llcoolj ) April 24 , 2018
All in all , there 's no beef between LL Cool J and J. Cole :
Ps . I love the youngin J cole . So you haters need to cut out that dumb Sh ! t .. — LLCOOLJ . ( @ llcoolj ) April 24 , 2018
So cut it ! And let us vibe out to KOD , drama free . Also , catch LL 's “ Rock The Bells ” Radio .
For the culture .
via GIPHY
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Allen Bertram said they did n't heed the warnings to evacuate before the Hawaiian volcano Kilauea erupted — and now he 's paying the price .
`` Everything I love is gone , '' the man , who lives in Lanipuna Gardens , told WGN-TV .
They said lava from the volcanic eruption devastated their neighborhood — and they did n't flee their house until they saw `` a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour . ''
Bertram opened their door , they told WGN-TV , and lava flowed in .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The man told ABC that they `` did n't have time to grab anything , '' so they made it out of their house with just the clothes on their back and their beloved dog by their side . Betram said they had to scale a fence to make it to their neighbors ' garage , which they used as refuge , but their dog bit them and ran away when they threw the pup over the barrier .
They never saw their dog again , they told ABC .
`` I try not to think about him , '' they said . `` He 's more important than the house .
`` He ca n't be replaced . ''
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Scenes from the Kilauea volcano on Hawaii , which has been erupting for more than 20 days . New York TimesPierre Taylor
In their interview with WGN-TV , the man said they managed to make it to the garage and used the canned food there to stay alive while they were `` surrounded by lava '' for 12 days inside . Eventually , Bertram said they devised a plan to escape .
“ I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag , '' they told the TV station . `` I was praying that I was going to get rescued . ''
Rescuers in a helicopter finally airlifted them to safety Saturday , they told ABC , but there was little to rejoice in .
`` I did n't gain anything in staying , '' they said . `` I could have clean clothes , medication — this opened my eyes big time . ''
Another man in Hawaii was hurt after a `` lava bomb '' — or a blob of molten lava propelled by expanded gases — hit them on their third-floor balcony on May 19 and shattered much of their leg .
According to CBS , 41 homes and another 41 buildings have been destroyed since the volcanic eruption on May 3 . Hawaii County Civil Defense Administrator Talmadge Magno said that there was a disappointing amount of people who refused to evacuate .
`` Kind of disturbingly , some people just refused to leave , '' Magno told CBS . `` We had one gentleman that had to be kind of rescued . Their only way out was through their back door and through the forest . ''
By Lenny Sementi
Thanks to a good showing at the Sullivan Sectional this past Thursday , Cassie Russo and McKinlee Miller punched their tickets for a trip to Charleston and a spot in the IHSA State Track and Field Meet this Thursday , May 17 . The duo will take on the state 's best and will be hunting for a spot on the podium . Both enter the meet ranked near the top of the field in their respective events and led the Lady Warriors to a fifth place finish in a loaded sectional .
Russo left the Sullivan Sectional with the gold , taking first place in the shot put posting a personal record with a toss of 39-feet 6-inches and enters the state meet ranked seventh , just a few inches out of the top three . Classmate Ellen Brown came up just short with a toss of 33 ' 2 ” taking fifth overall . Russo was a near miss in the discus but added to the team totals with a fourth place finish launching the disc 105'11 ” .
Miller will do double duty on Eastern Illinois ' Big Blue Track after qualifying for both the long jump and the triple jump . Miller touched the sand at 34 ' 9.75 ” to take third overall , surpassing the qualifying distance . They enter the state meet ranked 12th , and , if they can duplicate a 35 ' leap from a few weeks back , the junior will most likely find their way onto the podium . They enter at 17th in the long jump after qualifying with a jump of 16 ' 8 ” , less than 4 inches outside the top eight and taking fifth at the sectional .
Miller donated in the open run also taking sixth in the 100 hurdles . Brynn Tabeling knocked on the door of qualification . The first-year student ended up in sixth in the 400-meter open with a time of 1:04 . Hannah Hornaday rubbed shoulders with the leaders for a while in the 800 taking 10th out of a 20-runner field . Kenzi Heckler and Maddie Green both ended up in the top ten as well in the 3200 finishing in ninth and tenth , respectively .
Head Coach Lacey Diaz 's 4×200 meter relay missed the state standard by a just few seconds ending up in fifth place overall with a time of 1:55 . Joining Tabeling in the race was Laney Cummings , Ava Cothron , and Sophie James . The 4×800 team was on the doorstep , as well , thanks to Dairia Calanchini , Riya Patel , Hornaday , and Ashlyn Donnals . The group took sixth , crossing the finish line in 11:43 .
The full story can be found in the Wednesday , May 16 edition of The Tuscola Journal .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A late Lucas Piazon goal left the Reading fans stunned as Fulham stole a point from Jaap Stam 's side .
The game was captivating from the first minute as Tomas Kalas saw red after bringing down Modou Barrow . This left the Royals in charge of dictating the play – that they did .
It was n't plain sailing , Joseph Mendes failed to make an impression upfront on their own as did George Evans= who was never really in the game .
With Fulham down to 10 , it almost changed the way the game was going to pan out .
The Whites lumped 10 behind the ball and defended what they had . Fulham did this expertly .
Many fans expressed their frustration at Royals ' passing the ball around the box , but my view is that it 's better to keep that style and wait until a chance opens up rather than lumping it forward every two minutes .
Liam Kelly then broke the deadlock in the second half with a well-taken finish .
The youngster is certainly looking like he 's going to be key for us this season , especially if we 're looking to push for the top six .
The part of the game that baffled me most was Stam 's decision to take Tiago Illori off .
The defender was having a good game , and after the substitution had taken place we were instantly more vulnerable to Fulham 's counter-attack .
The football we played looks very promising and I have no doubt that we 'll get the results we need to push up the table but Stam and the players as a collective group must get rid of these silly mistakes .
In far too many games , both last season and at the start of this season , we 're giving the ball away in dangerous areas . Last weekend it was Joey van den Berg with the mistake – which led to Piazon 's equaliser .
Despite conceding late on we can be happy with the performance . New man Barrow looked like they could play a big part as well as the defence looking solid throughout .
What I will say is that a striker is needed , and hopefully with Leandro Bacuna signing we might have a full-back who can cross .
Man of the match : Liam Kelly
Player ratings : Mannone 7 , Gunter 6 , McShane 6 , Moore 6 , Illori 6 , Blackett 5 , Kelly 8 , Swift 7 , Evans 6 , Barrow 7 , Mendes 5 . Subs : Clement 6 , Van den Berg 5 , Popa 5 .
Do n't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low 's Twitter account @ jonathanl50 .
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan 's Facebook page .
Matus brings strong marketing and technology experience to data quality vendor
Bennington , VT ( PRUnderground ) December 11th , 2017
As it prepares for its next phase of expansion , data quality vendor Global-Z International announces the appointment of Roger Matus to the newly created position of Vice President , Global Marketing . In this role , Matus will be tasked with growing the awareness of Global-Z world-wide and will oversee all aspects of brand communications , product marketing , new product strategy , and demand generation .
“ As we enter the next phase to grow in the multi-billion dollar data quality marketplace , Global-Z continues to attract the top talent in the industry ” , said Dimitri Garder founder and CEO .
Matus joined Global-Z from artificial intelligence company Neurala , where as Vice President of Products and Markets , they led the roll-out of the company 's products to Fortune 50 companies and a global audience . They were also Executive Vice President of Nellymoser , an innovator in print-to-mobile technology for the publishing industry , and Vice President of Marketing for Dragon Systems , the leader in speech recognition software . They have an MBA from the University of Chicago , an MS in Engineering from Boston University , and a BA from Syracuse University .
“ We are extremely excited to have such a seasoned executive as Roger Matus joining our team , ” said Ted Haas , Chief Marketing Officer of Global-Z . “ Roger brings to Global-Z not only strong global marketing expertise but also a strong track record in expanding markets for technology companies . ”
“ As large companies increasingly rely upon their in-house databases to make predictions , and for enterprise customer communications , I believe that the market for Global-Z 's data quality services will expand dramatically . Global-Z 's ability to customize data hygiene services at scale for complex environments will make the company a critical partner in the customer 's growth . I am thrilled to be a part of it , ” Matus said .
During their free time , Matus likes to take advantage of everything the Berkshires has to offer , including yoga , hiking , concerts , and theater .
ABOUT GLOBAL-Z INTERNATIONAL
Global-Z International is focused on improving customer data quality and intelligence in global markets . Global-Z serves some of the largest global enterprises with customized international data quality solutions for their marketing , CRM migration and master data management needs . Global-Z International , Inc. , was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Bennington , Vermont with offices and operations in the US , Canada and Japan .
About Global-Z International
Global-Z International is focused on improving customer data quality and intelligence in global markets . Global-Z serves some of the largest global enterprises with customized international data quality solutions for their marketing , CRM migration and master data management needs . Global-Z International , Inc. , was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Bennington , Vermont with offices and operations in the US , Canada and Japan .
$ 11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Tim McGraw performs at the California Mid-State Fair in Paso Robles in 2009 . They will perform at the fair with wife Faith Hill on July 24 . Nick Lucero The Tribune
By Lansana Fofanah .
The newly appointed Country Director for the Africa Muslim Agency ( AMA ) , Neghra Nadjib has said that , the Agency is ever willing to spearhead developmental projects ; thereby complimenting the efforts of the government in developing the country .
In an exclusive interview with Global Times , Mr. Nadjib said that since 1985 when AMA was established in Sierra Leone , they have been able to boost the life of Sierra Leoneans in terms of health , water , education , sanitation , religious and development .
“ I am very much happy about the cordiality between our agency and the government of Sierra Leone . Without cordiality , we would not have succeeded in carrying out our relief projects in the country…We believe that , for every year , the government has a roll-out plan which it is going to target such as health , water , agriculture or education . Our role is to work in partnership with the government to achieve that . For example , if education is going to be the focus of government in 2018 , our programs will focus on that to ensure that our impact is felt in that area . The same thing goes for other areas ” , they said .
Mr. Nadjib said that , their predecessor Mr. Kemamine Ahmad made tremendous effort in uplifting the status of the agency , and that they are going to continue from where they stopped by providing relief services to Sierra Leoneans .
Mr. Nadjib said that upon their first tour to the interior of the country , they felt so excited to see potential vast areas of agriculture which needs to be utilized .
They said that , they are yet to meet with government officials to discuss developmental programs since the new government is yet to fully operate . They however reiterated their commitment in working with government initiatives . Mr. Nadjib said that , the agency is currently having 547 orphans under their care countrywide .
“ We have 547 orphans who are receiving quality education , feeding and proper care . Since government can not be able to satisfy the need of every citizen , our hope is to compliment the effort of government by giving helping hands to the needless so that , their future will be bright . We also have 5348 pupils in our various sponsored schools ” , they added .
Mr. Nadjib ; an Algerian national , was recently appointed as the Country Director for AMA during the eve of the just concluded Presidential election .
They have already met with the 165 staff members of the Agency , and expressed their profound happiness towards their relationship .
They replaced Mr. Kemamine Ahmad who was recalled after spending five years and three months in Sierra Leone .
FILE - In this April 3 , 2018 , file photo , Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt speaks at a news conference at the EPA in Washington . New internal documents say a sweep for hidden listening devices in Pruitt 's office was shoddy and was n't properly certified under U.S. government practices Andrew Harnik , File AP Photo
As Baywood Park 's Blue Heron glides towards its one year anniversary , the seafood-focused restaurant is spreading its wings as a destination spot for locals and visitors alike .
Blue Heron is part of the bayside property that 's also home to the Back Bay Inn and Back Bay Café . All three are owned by local resident Bill Lee , as is the nearby five-acre farm that provides much of the restaurants ' produce and fresh chicken eggs .
The meticulously lush grounds at Blue Heron offer patrons a variety of outdoor dining scenarios .
Enjoy a cheese plate and a glass of wine while soaking up the sunset on the patio . Grab a pint of craft beer and settle into one of the comfy Adirondack chairs on the lawn . Or spend a lazy Sunday morning noshing on freshly baked pastries and sipping mimosas around one of the cozy fire pits .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Blue Heron restaurant in Baywood Park evokes a modern nautical theme with rich aquamarine walls and copper-topped tables . David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp @ thetribunenews.com
Inside the dining room , copper-topped tables are complemented by mid-century modern chairs , and rich aquamarine walls showcase natural elements such as stone , coral and white-washed driftwood .
The inviting design evokes a modern nautical theme , said Shaun Behrens , director of food and beverage operations for the properties . ( He previously worked as executive chef at Robin 's in Cambria and Luna Red in San Luis Obispo . )
Behrens added that all of the craftsmanship was provided by artisans from Los Osos and Baywood Park .
An open kitchen format lets patrons see Blue Heron 's cohesive culinary staff at work .
Chef de cuisine Bryan Flores has been on board since August and stepped into their current position in January . A Los Angeles native , they attended Pasadena 's Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts right out of high school . After some overseas travel , Flores worked with Roy Yamaguchi at Roy 's in Pasadena and staged , or , interned , at Mélisse in Santa Monica .
Grassy Bar oysters are served with a citrus mignonette , pepper-horseradish sauce , soy citrus ponzu and sea beans at Blue Heron in Baywood Park . David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp @ thetribunenews.com
Landing at Blue Heron represents a return of a different kind for Flores . They grew up coming to memorable family vacations at their aunt and uncle 's house in Los Osos .
“ Being able to execute my career here is a dream opportunity , ” they said .
Flores describes Blue Heron 's cuisine as “ contemporary coastal seafood that 's seasonally influenced. ” “ We want to portray the bounty of the land with the utmost respect , ” they added .
In the hands of Blue Heron 's culinary team , that farm-to-table philosophy translates to a dedicated from-scratch approach that includes filleting whole fish in-house , tenderly simmering soup stocks for as long as two days , and making pickles and fermented salsas . Everything possible is utilized , either in the kitchen or as food scraps for the farm 's chickens .
Blue Heron 's dinner menu changes frequently . Recent favorites include local Grassy Bar oysters on the half-shell with pepper-horseradish sauce , as well as Mary 's organic chicken confit ravioli with mushroom Parmesan crème .
At Blue Heron restaurant in Baywood Park , pan-seared hanger Steak comes with crispy fingerling potatoes , glazed farm vegetables , cumin carrot purée and salsa verde . David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp @ thetribunenews.com
Another popular option is the Baywood Burger , served with housemade potato chips or salad .
The burger is also available for Sunday brunch , as is a delicate omelet filled with farm-fresh sautéed vegetables and breakfast tacos with short rib and scrambled eggs on housemade blue corn tortillas .
From May through October , when Blue Heron hosts the popular Beer at the Pier music series on Mondays , the restaurant offers casual outdoor barbecue options such as sausage sandwiches and street corn . Beer , wine and cider are available during concerts , as well as at dinner and brunch .
“ It feels like we 're really starting to understand our place and our concept , ” Behrens observed . Decisions such as “ committing to being open seven days a week has helped develop a lot of trust with our customers , and this is one of the most connected and talented teams I 've ever worked with – it 's really a family . ”
The lush grounds at Blue Heron restaurant in Baywood Park offer patrons a variety of outdoor dining scenarios . David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp @ thetribunenews.com
Blue Heron
1305 Second St. , Los Osos
805-540-2828 or blueheronbaywood.com
Hours : 4 to 6 p.m. happy hour and 5 to 9 p.m. dinner daily . 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Sunday brunch .
The scene : Take your pick of indoor or outdoor ambiance at this inviting bayside destination .
The cuisine : Local ingredients are thoughtfully presented in seafood-focused , farm-to-table cuisine such as entrées , small plates and burgers . Craft draft beer is available , as well as local and international wine selections .
Expect to spend : Small plates and starters $ 10 to $ 20 , dinner entrées $ 18 to $ 35 , Sunday brunch entrées $ 14 to $ 20 .
Smart luggage is one of the most popular gadgets on the market today — but soon consumers may find themselves in a bind if they try to travel with it .
American Airlines AAL , +0.28 % became the first carrier to institute a policy regarding these high-tech products . Now , passengers will be required to remove the batteries from smart luggage before checking it . If that 's not possible , the bag must be brought on the plane as a carry-on , and the batteries must remain off . Since then , Delta Air Lines DAL , +0.09 % and Alaska Airlines ALK , +0.53 % have instituted similar requirements , while United Continental UAL , +0.03 % and Southwest Airlines LUV , +0.49 % plan to follow suit , CNN Money reported .
Why this ban on smart check-in luggage ? Smart luggage typically has features such as USB ports to recharge mobile devices , GPS tracking to assist in finding lost bags and electronic locks . Thousands of these bags have been sold . The issue ? Their lithium-ion batteries are prone to catching fire .
Do n't miss : 10 things to never buy again
These are far from the first products to be restricted from flights because of their batteries . “ That 's what we saw with hoverboards , ” said Courtney Jespersen , consumer savings expert at personal finance website NerdWallet , referring to the self-balancing scooters that were banned because of fire-related concerns .
“ If you 're not one of those people who have to have something right away , it 's good to hold off , ” Jespersen said . “ See how it 's received ; see what some of the flaws are with it . Let other people test it out first . ”
The airlines ' restrictions on smart luggage pose a quandary for consumers who were interested in buying the popular product -- either for a holiday gift or in the coming year . Consumer electronics and other gadgets can have flaws when they are first released , or may otherwise be extremely expensive to purchase at the start . And as new technologies come on the market , old ones can quickly become archaic .
Here are 5 more gadgets that experts suggest approaching with caution in the year ahead :
Virtual reality gaming systems
A wide range of companies — including Google GOOGL , +0.46 % Samsung 005930 , -0.42 % HTC and Sony SNE , +0.09 % — have put out virtual reality devices . But despite the explosion of this technology in recent years and expectations that it will become even more popular in the not-so-distant future , consumers may want to wait before diving into VR , according to Kristin Cook , managing editor for savings website BensBargains.com . “ There 's not very many games you can put on them yet , ” they said . “ So you 'd buy this expensive VR system , and there 's not a lot you can do with it . ”
While Samsung and Google both offer models for less than $ 100 , the higher-end VR devices will set a consumer back well over $ 300 . As more come on the market in 2018 , Cook expects that prices will drop and developers will create more VR-specific content .
Read more : 5 money tips to keep holiday spending under control
Smart appliances
One of the splashiest product categories at the Consumer Electronics Show last January was smart appliances . LG 066570 , +2.33 % Samsung and Whirlpool WHR , -0.46 % are all duking it out to create smart refrigerators and washing machines . While the cool factor on these products is extreme , shoppers should think twice before ditching a functioning , old-fashioned appliance .
“ Think about how often you 're purchasing that , ” Jespersen said . A fridge can easily last 10 years , and because these products will only continue to improve , consumers should n't get rid of something that 's in working condition , they said .
Non-4K televisions
The latest revolution in televisions is 4K sets . These TVs boast screen resolutions of 4,000 pixels and beyond . By 2020 , it is predicted that half of all U.S. homes will have a 4K TV , according to a 2015 report from Strategy Analytics .
There used to be a massive price difference between an 4K ultra high-definition TV set and the less advanced , more common big-screen HD 1080p sets . That 's not as much the case anymore , said Jim Willcox , TV expert and senior electronics editor at Consumer Reports . With current discounts , a Sony 50-inch 4K Ultra HD TV costs $ 499 at Best Buy BBY , +3.74 % while a Sony 48-inch 1080p LED HD TV is $ 429 .
Smart speakers
The Amazon AMZN , +0.19 % Echo and Google Home smart speakers were among the biggest sellers on Black Friday and Cyber Monday this year . But people who scooped up these products at bargain prices may come to regret their purchases in a few months .
Also see : Apple 's iPhone X is selling , but no one 's quite sure how much
Apple is expected to release its smart speaker , the Apple HomePod , in early 2018 . And depending on how the product turns out , it could usher in new innovations and increased competition in this space over the next year , Jespersen said . Currently , the Google Home and Amazon Echo start at $ 79 each , though the Echo Dot costs just $ 30 . Meanwhile , Apple plans to price its smart speaker at more than $ 300 .
The next iPhone
Apple 's most advanced iPhone , the iPhone X , came with the highest-ever price tag for one of its smartphones : $ 1,000 . And that could change the game for consumers who choose to upgrade every time Apple releases a new model . “ When you 're looking at $ 1,000 , that 's not a small investment to be making every year , ” Jespersen said .
Most likely , Apple AAPL , +0.03 % will unveil a new iPhone at its annual company event next September , though major changes to the device typically occur only every two years . But rather than automatically getting the newest model , Jespersen argues that consumers should see what 's different about it and determine whether those changes matter . “ There are a lot of similarities with the phones , ” they said . “ You need to compare to see the differences there and weigh how much that 's worth to you . ”
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
WAUWATOSA – A rollover accident involving a semi has forced law enforcement to close both northbound and southbound lanes of I-41 at Burleigh Street in Wauwatosa .
The accident was reported just after 11 a.m. Saturday . The semi truck has appeared to have rolled over on to the center median of the interstate .
The Wisconsin Department of Transportation says this stretch of freeway will be closed for at least two hours .
Drivers traveling in this area should use an alternate route .
You can monitor traffic conditions here .
No other information has been released .
Stay with TODAY 'S TMJ4 for further updates on this developing story .
`` Safe Inside '' is a new thriller movie filmed in Racine by Jason Paul Collum . It stars former Racine native Chris Harder ( `` Extraordinary Measures '' ) as a man spending their first alone in the home of their deceased mother ( Judith O'Dea from 1968 horror classic `` Night of the Living Dead '' ) . Small oddities soon turn into moments of heart-pounding suspense as the house seems to come to life . They and their friends ( Brinke Stevens of `` Three Amigos '' and Tina Ona Paukstelis of `` Aswang : The Unearthing '' ) must decide if there is indeed something in the home with him , or if everything is a figment of their nervous breakdown . Joining us to discuss the film and how you can see it are director/writer/producer Jason Paul Collum and actor Tina Ona Paukstelis .
For more information , visit Facebook.com/SafeInsideMovie .
Steven Stamkos had a goal and two assists , and the Tampa Bay Lightning became the first NHL team with 20 wins by defeating the Colorado Aval…
A Nepalese man looses their balance while crossing a flooded street in Birgunj , Nepal , Sunday , Aug. 13 , 2017 . An official said torrential rain , landslides and flooding have killed dozens of people in Nepal over the past three days , washing away hundreds of homes and damaging roads and bridges across the Himalayan country . Manish Paudel AP Photo
MILPITAS — A 30-year-old Fremont man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a software engineer from India last week .
Stuart Ison Baronngaue was booked Friday , the same day as the killing , into the Santa Clara County Main Jail on charges of murder , robbery , felony evasion and a warrant .
Authorities have not released the victim 's name , but numerous Indian news outlets have identified them as Vamsi Reddy Mamidala , 27 , of Telangana , one of the 29 states that make up India .
The events that led to the homicide started around 10:45 p.m. when Milpitas police officers responded to a report of a car collision on South Main Street , between Great Mall Parkway and South Abel Street .
Related Articles Morgan Hill : Courthouse evacuated after ‘ suspicious ' package arrives
‘ Bearded Bandit ' sentenced to prison for series of Bay Area bank robberies
Sunnyvale : Ex-Justice Dept . attorney charged with peddling protected court docs
San Jose police : Man beat and strangled wife with 5-year-old child nearby
Sunnyvale : Verizon store robbery suspects arrested A man was seen getting out of a black 2002 Mitsubishi Galant and running toward the Ilara Apartments . There , police said , they confronted a woman with a firearm , took their keys and stole their car .
Officers heard an apparent gunshot as they arrived in the area and saw a car speed away from the complex . They tried to stop the car , which ultimately crashed into another vehicle on South Abel Street at Serra Way and became disabled , according to police .
The driver , identified as Baronngaue , was taken into custody . Police said a firearm was found in the front passenger area .
During a search of the apartment complex , officers discovered a man suffering from an apparent gunshot wound in the parking garage . They were pronounced dead at the scene .
Several questions remain unanswered about the case , including whether the victim was shot while trying to intervene . A spokesperson did not immediately return an email seeking additional information .
The Times of India reported that Mamidala was shot while returning home from a part-time job .
Mamidala moved to the United States in 2014 and earned their master 's degree in computer science from Silicon Valley University in San Jose , according to the Times . They were looking for a job in their field . But when they last spoke with their family , they reportedly said they were worried they would not find one with President Trump making things tough for non-citizens .
Funds to return Mamidala 's body to India are being collected through a YouCaring page . More than $ 55,000 had been raised as of Tuesday night .
The case remains under investigation . Anyone with information can call the Milpitas Police Department at 408-586-2400 . Those wishing to remain anonymous can call 408-586-2500 or visit www.ci.milpitas.ca.gov/crimetip .
HOW TO HELP :
To help fund the return of Mamidala 's body to India , visit www.youcaring.com/vamshireddymamidala-755957 .
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) – A stretch of highway in the north metro is closed after a driver struck a pedestrian Monday night .
According to the Anoka County Sheriff 's Office , the crash occurred just after 8 p.m. at Highway 65 and 81st Avenue Northeast .
Highway 65 southbound was closed Monday night as the crash was being investigated .
Mariah Carey ‘ s manager lashed out at Dick Clark Productions , the company behind the New Year 's Rockin ' Eve special , following the singer 's disastrous Times Square performance .
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com : Mariah Carey 's Manager Lashes Out at ‘ Rockin ' Eve ' Producers
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
SUMMARY : Quiet weather is expected for the start of the new week .
TODAY : Sunny and milder with highs back in the 50 's .
TONIGHT : Mostly clear and chilly with lows in the 30 's inland , 40 's at the coast .
TUESDAY : Clouds and sun . Mild again with highs in the 50 's .
A LOOK AHEAD : An arctic front pushes through dry on Tuesday . Behind it , much colder for the middle of the week with highs for most not getting out of the 30 's . Temperatures moderate through the end of the week . We 'll be watching a system which will pass to our south late in the week . That could bring rain to parts of the area on Friday .
THANK YOU FOR TRUSTING WNCT 9 FIRST ALERT WEATHER ! Weather changes quickly . Your full team of First Alert meteorologists- Jerry Jackson , Dontae Jones , Pierce Legeion , Megan Lindsey and David Sawyer- will keep you updated .
To follow us “ on the go ” , check out these links :
– Follow WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Twitter by CLICKING HERE .
– Connect with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather and join a growing network of friends with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Facebook by CLICKING HERE .
– Download our WNCT 9 First Alert Weather app , available for free in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store . You can see First Alert VIPIR 9 , detailed forecasts , weather maps , and severe weather alerts .
Greenville , NC Hourly Forecast 31 ° F precip : 0 % 31 ° F precip : 0 % 33 ° F precip : 0 % 38 ° F precip : 0 % 43 ° F precip : 0 % 47 ° F precip : 0 % 49 ° F precip : 0 % 51 ° F precip : 0 % 52 ° F precip : 0 % 53 ° F precip : 0 % 52 ° F precip : 0 % 47 ° F precip : 0 % 42 ° F precip : 0 % 40 ° F precip : 0 % 39 ° F precip : 0 % 38 ° F precip : 0 % 38 ° F precip : 0 % 37 ° F precip : 0 % 37 ° F precip : 0 % 37 ° F precip : 0 % 37 ° F precip : 0 % 38 ° F precip : 0 % 38 ° F precip : 10 % 38 ° F precip : 10 % 38 ° F precip : 10 % 39 ° F precip : 10 % 40 ° F precip : 10 % 45 ° F precip : 0 % 49 ° F precip : 0 % 52 ° F precip : 0 % 54 ° F precip : 10 % 54 ° F precip : 0 % 54 ° F precip : 0 % 54 ° F precip : 0 % 52 ° F precip : 0 % 47 ° F precip : 0 % 43 ° F precip : 0 % 41 ° F precip : 0 % 39 ° F precip : 0 % 37 ° F precip : 0 % 35 ° F precip : 0 % 33 ° F precip : 0 % 31 ° F precip : 0 % 29 ° F precip : 0 % 28 ° F precip : 0 % 28 ° F precip : 0 % 28 ° F precip : 0 % Inland Forecast Coastal Forecast Day Planner Hourly Forecast
An updated version of the classic video game Tecmo Super Bowl was used to predict Sunday 's Super Bowl game between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles – and the simulation promises one of the wildest fourth quarters in Super Bowl history .
Here 's a recap of Super Bowl LII , according to Tecmo :
The Eagles won the coin toss and chose to receive Nick Foles connected with Jay Ajayi on a massive 45-yard pass on the first offensive play of the game Ajayi rushed for the first touchdown of the game in less than two minutes With the Eagles driving again , Ajayi fumbled with seconds remaining the first quarter – but Lane Johnson recovered and scored a touchdown on the same play Nick Foles fumbled while being crushed by a sack in the final minute of the half , and New England 's Eric Rowe recovered the ball and scored a touchdown to make it 14-7 at the half Tom Brady led the Pats on a drive from their own 3-yard line to a goal-line situation on the other end , but the Eagles defense held New England to a field goal that bounced in off the upright With the Patriots down 14-10 deep inside their own territory , Tom Brady was picked off by Rodney McLeod with 3:26 remaining in the game On the very next play , Nick Foles was intercepted by Stephon Gilmore Before Tom Brady could even get out of their own red zone , they were sacked by Fletcher Cox in the end zone for a safety . 16-10 Eagles .
With under two minutes left in the game , Nick Foles threw a bomb downfield and was intercepted by Gilmore again
Brady moved the Pats to the Eagles ' 33-yard line in the dying seconds , but on the final play of the game Brady 's pass was batted down
Tom Brady finished the game with 81 yards and a 45 percent completion percentage , while Nick Foles had 106 yards passing and two interceptions
I 'm not sure the Internet is prepared if the final three minutes of Sunday 's game play out this way .
Teachers bear responsibility for students ' needs
hello
Teachers such as Glenbard East High School 's Tom Martinez tackle countless tasks each day , Superintendent David Larson says , to address a wide variety of critical needs for students and the community . Daily Herald file photo
While we all are saddened by the recent public school shooting in Parkland , Florida , I could n't help but notice the proposal to arm teachers with guns as a form of protection and security for our students . Teachers would be armed and ready to confront any weapon-carrying intruder .
In thinking about this proposal , I could n't help but reflect on the wide range of duties and responsibilities our public school teachers are expected to fulfill for our students and in the communities they serve .
In fact , as National Teacher Appreciation Day approaches on May 8 , let 's reflect on the growing list of tasks and services our dedicated teachers provide and accomplish every day as they meet their students ' needs :
• Demonstrate strong knowledge of their content ;
• Identify clear outcomes and design coherent instruction that is student-centered and engaging ;
• Design meaningful assessments aligned to local and national standards ;
• Possess a strong knowledge of each student 's abilities , interests and cultural heritage ;
• Build and ensure a climate of respect and rapport among students ;
• Manage student behavior and provide appropriate discipline as necessary ;
• Maintain accurate records and have a firm grasp of each student 's progress ;
• Secure and implement the best resources to enhance lessons ;
• Integrate technology in ways that enhance and extend student learning ;
• Communicate regularly with parents regarding instructional programs and their child 's achievement ;
• Interact and plan with colleagues by reviewing student data and shifting instruction as necessary ; and
• Attend training and workshops to enhance teaching skills and content knowledge .
Oh , and in addition , teachers are expected to :
• Be attuned to each student 's social/emotional needs , including confronting and reporting any signs of emotional or physical abuse ;
• Foster a culture of equity in the classroom where second language , special needs and a range of academic and emotional needs are met ;
• Provide resources and support for underperforming students so they can meet the standards expected of all students ; and
• Foster a culture of belonging so students from diverse cultures , religions and background feel accepted and included .
Wow ! What an exhaustive and comprehensive list ! Our dedicated teachers address so many critical needs . So , regardless of your position regarding teachers being armed with guns , let 's not forget to acknowledge and honor our amazing teachers who provide so much for our students every day .
• David F. Larson is superintendent of Glenbard High School District 87 . During the school year , their column appears monthly in Neighbor .
CUPERTINO , CA -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) -
WHO :
Imo Udom , co-founder and CEO of WePow , providing mobile and video interviewing solutions that improve hiring outcomes , and Danelle DiLibero , director , Talent Acquisition for OnDeck
WHAT :
Will present a session titled , `` How Video Interviewing Changed the Way I Hire , '' during HR West 2017 .
WHEN :
The conference will take place Monday , March 6 - Wednesday , March 8 , 2017 .
Udom and DiLibero are scheduled to speak on Tuesday , March 7 , 2017 at 1:50 p.m. PST .
WHERE :
Oakland Convention Center
550 10th Street
Oakland , Calif .
WePow will exhibit in Booth No . 10 .
DETAILS :
Talent acquisition is a dynamic space , buzzing with trends and innovation . As a result , organizations looking for ways to scale their teams face the challenge of keeping up with the latest solutions . But what these companies really need is a forward-thinking technology designed for today 's hiring landscape .
During HR West 2017 , Imo Udom , co-founder and CEO of WePow , and Danelle DiLibero , director , Talent Acquisition for OnDeck , will explore how video interviewing works to streamline the talent acquisition process , for more effective and more efficient hiring . Looking at the technology from all angles , Udom and DiLibero will consider the employer end of the equation along with the candidate experience , known benefits and overcoming potential pitfalls . Session attendees will see video interviewing in action , learn how OnDeck uses the technology and take away actionable insights that can be used to implement a more engaging approach to talent acquisition at their organizations .
HR West attendees will also have the opportunity to connect with WePow representatives in Booth No . 10 for product demonstrations and additional information about the company 's video and communications platform . For event details and registration , visit : http : //hrwest.org .
About WePow
WePow connects recruiters , job candidates and employers through easy-to-use mobile and video interviewing solutions . Hundreds of organizations rely on WePow 's video and communications platform to improve recruiter productivity , deliver engaging candidate experiences and make the right hires . As a result , organizations regain time , reduce costs and recruit effectively . Connect with us today at www.wepow.com .
A LITTLE inspiration went a long way for local artist , Linda Forrester , who designed and painted the new mural in the Proserpine Hospital Children 's Ward .
The mural depicts a boy scuba diving 'under the sea ' while holding up the `` okay ” symbol surrounded by sea creatures and aquatic plants .
The boy in the mural was inspired by Ms Forrester 's son , Damon , depicted as a boy of twelve , who they hope will convey the message to the children that everything will be okay .
`` I 'm pretty sure that being in hospital would be quite frightening for some children , ” they said . `` So that 's the message . It 's going to be okay . ”
The mural was one of two that are to be painted in the children 's rooms at Proserpine Hospital and took six days to complete .
Proserpine Hospital Director of Nursing , Nicole Young said the mural provides a great distraction for children when they are having treatment or procedures by keeping them calm and relaxed .
`` One of the great beauties of the mural is it has so much detail , ” they said . `` Every time you look at a different section you see more intricate detail in the fish and coral . There 's a great sense of movement too . ”
`` It 's more than just a picture . It plays a big role in helping improve the patient experience and that 's what we want . ”
Ms Forrester recruited some timely helpers in four of their art students who gave life to several of the little creatures pictured in the mural .
`` During their normal class times , instead of going to the studio they came to the hospital and contributed to the mural which I thought would be good for them as a community type experience , ” they said .
Linda made a note of all the creatures that were put into the mural so that children receiving treatment or visiting can look for them as something to do while they are there .
Linda received their first commission at the age of 16 while still in high school , but said they have been painting for as long as they can remember .
They have now owned their own studio and art school in Strathdickie where they have been based since 2011 .
The design of the second mural is yet to be revealed but Ms Forrester has confirmed it will be started next week .
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license . Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Using health insurance claims data from more than 480,000 people in nearly 130,000 families , researchers have created a new classification of common diseases based on how often they occur among genetically-related individuals .
Researchers hope the work , published this week in Nature Genetics , will help physicians make better diagnoses and treat root causes instead of symptoms .
“ Understanding genetic similarities between diseases may mean that drugs that are effective for one disease may be effective for another one , ” says senior author Andrey Rzhetsky , professor of medicine and human genetics at the University of Chicago . “ And for those diseases with a large environmental component , that means we can perhaps prevent them by changing the environment . ”
The results of the study suggest that standard disease classifications–called nosologies–based on symptoms or anatomy may miss connections between diseases with the same underlying causes . For example , the new study showed that migraine , typically classified as a disease of the central nervous system , appeared to be most genetically similar to irritable bowel syndrome , an inflammatory disorder of the intestine .
Rzhetsky and a team of researchers analyzed records from Truven MarketScan , a database of de-identified patient data from more than 40 million families in the United States . They selected a subset of records based on how long parents and their children were covered under the same insurance plan within a time frame most likely to capture when children were living in the same home with their parents . They used this massive data set to estimate genetic and environmental correlations between diseases .
Next , using statistical methods developed to create evolutionary trees of organisms , the team created a disease classification based on two measures . One focused on shared genetic correlations of diseases , or how often diseases occurred among genetically-related individuals , such as parents and children . The other focused on the familial environment , or how often diseases occurred among those sharing a home but who had no or partially matching genetic backgrounds , such as spouses and siblings .
The results focused on 29 diseases that were well represented in both children and parents to build new classification trees . Each “ branch ” of the tree is built with pairs of diseases that are highly correlated with each other , meaning they occur frequently together , either between parents and children sharing the same genes , or family members sharing the same living environment .
“ The large number of families in this study allowed us to obtain precise estimates of genetic and environmental correlations , representing the common causes of multiple different diseases , ” says Kanix Wang , a graduate student and lead author of the study . “ Using these shared genetic and environmental causes , we created a new system to classify diseases based on their intrinsic biology . ”
Genetic similarities between diseases tended to be stronger than their corresponding environmental correlations . For the majority of neuropsychiatric diseases , such as schizophrenia , bipolar disorder , and substance abuse , however , environmental correlations are nearly as strong as genetic ones . This suggests there are elements of the shared , family environment that could be changed to help prevent these disorders .
The researchers also compared their results to the widely used International Classification of Diseases Version 9 ( ICD-9 ) and found additional , unexpected groupings of diseases . For example , type 1 diabetes , an autoimmune endocrine disease , has a high genetic correlation with hypertension , a disease of the circulatory system . The researchers also saw high genetic correlations across common , apparently dissimilar diseases such as asthma , allergic rhinitis , osteoarthritis , and dermatitis .
The study received support from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) Big Mechanism program , the National Institutes of Health , and a gift from Liz and Kent Dauten . Additional authors are from the University of Chicago , Microsoft Research , and Vanderbilt University .
Source : University of Chicago
By Leilani Haywood
Tribune Reporter
The Lee 's Summit City Council tabled a proposed 1 % sales tax increase at the February 1 meeting . After Fraternal Order of Police President Rick Inglima presented data demonstrating that Lee 's Summit Police Department pay was at the bottom and not addressed in the $ 2.5 million Springsted compensation study , City Council voted to hold a work session to figure out options to address a projected $ 5 million shortfall in the city budget to bring salaries up to market .
A 1 % sales tax increase and use tax was just one of the options for Lee 's Summit budgetary challenges . Other options considered are a 6 % cut across the board from each city department and exploring cost containment measures . Mayor Pro Tem Rob Binney , a mayoral candidate in the April election , said , “ I 'm awestruck as to how we got to this point . We 're trying to implement $ 2 million for salary increases and suddenly it 's not enough and the compensation study is terrible . We 're being faced with a reduction in franchising taxes and every city has declining sales taxes . We have a good community with good public safety and we 've rolled back the levy and tried to pay for things responsibly . ”
Raise Sales Tax , Add Use Tax
Councilman Diane Forte noted that with a 1 % increase in sales tax , Lee 's Summit would be lower than Blue Springs 8.6 % sales tax . “ Compared to other areas in general , the city of Lee 's Summit has one of the lower tax rates in eastern Jackson County , ” says Steve Arbo , city manager .
A proposed tax increase requires voter approval . Councilman Phyllis Q. Edson expressed concern that public safety workers would n't receive a raise until January 2019 if the ordinance did n't pass . “ We have a room full of people who have been put off , ” they said to applause . The additional 1 % sales tax could generate $ 15 million in additional revenue .
City Council is also exploring a 1 % use tax that is n't an 'Amazon tax ' or tax on online purchases . According to Conrad Lamb , the city finance director , the use tax is for purchases from out of the state of Missouri . The first $ 2,000 spent out of state is n't subject to use tax . “ The state legislature passed Missouri clickthrough legislation in 2013 which is a use tax for online purchases . You do n't have to file use tax on the first $ 2,000 spent , ” said Lamb .
Explore Cost Containment
“ There 's a possibility of voters wo n't pass this , ” said Councilman Phyllis Q. Edson . “ Should n't we go through a cost containment exercise before we go through the voters ? Why are n't we talking about making those cuts first ? ” Edson moved to have a work session considering cost containment options without having to dip into the reserve fund balance for the $ 2 million to address wage inequities .
Arbo said they would have some ideas for cost containment “ but it could be distasteful . I might bring up some sacred cows . We will evaluate public safety , public works and the $ 2 million. ” Binney suggested public polling to get some data on how Lee 's Summit supports public safety .
Raising taxes and cost containment measures as well as pulling $ 2 million from the reserve fund balance are some of the options for raising salaries for Lee 's Summit police , firefighters and public safety workers . In the meantime , Councilman Craig Faith says they know three police officers looking for a job in the Kansas City metro area . “ They are not looking at Lee 's Summit for this reason . This is a problem we have now . Public safety folks are not asking for astronomical amounts but just up to market rates . ”
In the Alabama Republican Senate race , every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump .
But in Tuesday 's primary , the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president , while it 's the incumbent , an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff , who has Trump 's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's favorite candidate .
That 's the conundrum of the Republican contest , largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore , a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice ; Sen. Luther Strange , appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions ; and Rep. Mo Brooks , who 's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president 's attacks against the Senate 's top Republican have intensified recently .
Moore has consistently polled atop the field , and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff . Their ads sound downright Trumpian , promising to `` drain the swamp '' and taking a swipe at D.C. elites .
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too . They first gained national notoriety when they refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order ; Moore themselves was then removed from their position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003 . They won election to the same post again in 2012 , but was then suspended after they ordered judges to enforce the state 's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court 's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution . They resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange .
To state observers , it 's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be their typical conservative base in the state .
`` Alabama voters supported Trump because they spoke their mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government , '' said Brent Buchanan , a GOP strategist and pollster in the state . `` Out of all the candidates , Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics . You may not agree with all of their policy or personal preferences , but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes . ''
That 's why it was so , well , strange last week when Trump tweeted out their support for Strange , saying the incumbent has their `` complete and total endorsement ! ''
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC . The very next day after endorsing Strange , Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act .
Strange has tried to prove their loyalty to the president ever since they were appointed under less than auspicious circumstances . As Alabama 's attorney general , Strange was investigating then-Gov . Robert Bentley for misuse of their office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions . Facing impeachment , Bentley eventually resigned , and the new governor , Kay Ivey , moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term .
Polling done in the wake of Trump 's surprise endorsement showed that the president 's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange . One by cygnal , Buchanan 's firm , conducted partly after the endorsement , showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables , Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit .
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday , which could be key in what 's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair .
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $ 200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange .
However , although he 's slipping in polling , Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell 's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore . He 's hitched a `` Ditch Mitch '' banner to their campaign bus in the final days , and in their closing ad they echo Trump 's frustration with McConnell 's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal .
`` McConnell and Strange are weak , but together we can be strong , '' Brooks says . `` Mr. President , is n't it time we tell McConnell and Strange , 'You 're fired ? ' ''
Ultimately , the Huntsville-area member of congress has n't had the resources the other two candidates have had , and they have n't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange . And , perhaps most damaging , they were certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year , during which they supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . McConnell 's super PAC has pointed that out in ads , saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , and Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass .
If Strange does fall short of the runoff , University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart , a longtime political observer in the state , said that 's a big problem for McConnell . And , if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff , expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange , too .
`` The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell , as the president says , has n't been successful at pushing through the president 's agenda , `` Stewart said . `` If Strange does n't make the runoff , that 's a definite blow to McConnell , '' more so than Trump .
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff , and that 's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given their surprising endorsement . Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts their muscle behind Strange later , and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump 's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator 's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost .
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though , they 'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election , even if it 's the more controversial Moore . Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones , a former U.S. attorney , though they could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr. , a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family .
If Moore is the GOP nominee , it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart , the former University of Alabama professor , said is doubtful , and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South .
`` Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here , '' Stewart said . `` I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner . ''
Stocks at record levels after Yellen remarks
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
After Tuckers Crossroads was retired in the top of the fourth , the game was called as rain began to fall harder .
Aly Dickerson had Tuckers Crossroads ' only two hits while Callie Buhler drew a pair of walks . The Lady Hornets had four errors in the field .
Tuckers Crossroads will travel to Watertown 's Three Forks Park to take on the Tigerettes at 4 p.m. Thursday .
DCA rallies to defeat Friendship
DONELSON — Donelson Christian used a three-run fourth inning to wipe out a Friendship Christian lead and defeat the Lady Commanders 5-2 last Thursday .
The Lady Commanders led 2-1 with Annabelle Cooksey singling home one of the Friendship runs . Mattie Smith singled and scored two bases before scoring on a passed ball . Destiny Henderson also singled .
Cooksey took the loss despite nine strikeouts and no walks in a complete game .
Friendship will travel to Davidson Academy at 4:30 p.m. Wednesday .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) — A woman whose estranged husband was arrested for dousing them with gasoline and setting them on fire is talking about the horrific ordeal for the very first time .
“ I could n't imagine this would happen because we had a good relationship , but the love was over , ” Heilyn Hernandez told CBS4 News .
Hernandez let CBS4 News observe their occupational therapy session at the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Burn Center at the Ryder Trauma Center in Miami .
Them therapist explains they 're working on stretching the new skin that covers more than 40-percent of their body . The grafts taken from their legs replace the skin consumed by flames on their arms , chest and back . They are tense and without therapy would limit their mobility . Hernandez 's hair , once long , is now short and choppy , cut off after also catching fire .
Them life changed in September 2016 . Hernandez was arriving for work at Nature 's Sleep in Plantation when they say they spotted their estranged husband .
“ He came running fast towards me , so I turned on the car and I tried to get back and get out of there , ” explained Hernandez .
Surveillance video from Nature 's Sleep shows they could n't get away . The video shows a man cornering her , like prey .
“ He came by my side , opened the door , and… . ”
Hernandez does n't finish the sentence . They shake their head side to side when asked if they could imagine what happened next , saying , “ It was so fast . ”
Hernandez was doused in gasoline and set on fire . They say a worker at the nearby MD Now Urgent Care saw what happened and came to their rescue , telling them to drop and roll , than walking them to the urgent care center . They explain while fire consumed their body , their family consumed them thoughts .
“ I was just thinking about my daughter and my mom 'cause they were at home , and I asked the police to take care of them . ”
Hernandez was airlifted to Ryder Trauma Center in Miami where doctors say their life was on the line . Dr. Carl Schulman treated Hernandez when they came in .
“ She was close to death many times . They were with us for a long time and it was probably eight weeks before they were able to crack a smile . When they were able to crack a smile and when they were able to reunite with their daughter , that 's when the real healing begins , ” said Dr. Schulman .
It was months before Hernandez would carry their young daughter again . That desire to be a mom is what they say motivated them to not give up .
“ I want my life back . I want to do everything I was doing before . I have my daughter and I have to be there for her , and not just ‘ be there ' , be there ! ”
As for their estranged husband , Noel Garcia De Armas faces attempted murder and other charges . When asked if they have any words for him , they replied , “ No , I left that in God 's hands . ”
Hernandez has about two more months of occupational therapy , but at least another year of doctors ' visits and perhaps even additional surgeries . Doctors say their prognosis is good .
A fire broke out on the sets of Akshay Kumar 's film 'Kesari ' at a village in Maharashtra 's Satara district today , police said . The fire was brought under control , a Satara Police control room official told PTI . Nobody was hurt , they added .
The shooting for the film is taking place at Pimpode Budruk village in Wai teshsil , around 30 km from Satara , they said .
Asked how the fire started , police said the shoot had a scene depicting a bomb explosion and apparently some embers fell on set material in the vicinity .
The film 's unit has been shooting there for the climax and final portions of the film with Akshay Kumar , who had left the spot for the day after completing the shoot , police said .
The film is being jointly produced by Dharma Productions , Cape of Good Films and Azure Entertainment .
There has been no word so far from either Akshay Kumar or the filmmakers about today 's incident .
The film is a war drama inspired by the Battle of Saragarhi of 1897 , where an army of 21 Sikhs fought against 10,000 Afghans . The film also stars Parineeti Chopra and is being directed by Anurag Singh .
Earlier also , the film was in the limelight when it was reported that Salman Khan refused to co-produce the film along with Karan Johar .
Super Bowl LII is almost upon us . Football fans from around the nation will converge on their favorite house party or bar to witness the New England Patriots battle it out with the Philadelphia Eagles .
Here are 10 things you should know before game time :
1 . The National Anthem will be sung by Pink .
2 . If the Eagles win , this will be their first Super Bowl win in history !
3 . The Eagles and the Patriots went head to head in 2005 at Super Bowl XXXIX . In that iconic game the Patriots took home the win , 24-21 .
4 . If the Patriots win , this will be their sixth Super Bowl championship win .
5 . Game time is Sunday at 6:30 PM ET on NBC .
6 . The Monday after the Super Bowl is called “ Super Sick Monday. ” According to CNBC the day after the big game could cost employers over 3 billion dollars due to the masses calling out of work or spending time discussing the game instead of working .
7 . Justin Timberlake is will be performing the halftime show .
8 . If the Patriots win on Sunday they will tie the Pittsburgh Steelers for the most Super Bowl wins .
9 . This will be Tom Brady 's eighth trip to the Super Bowl .
10 . Not a football fan ? Animal Planet is airing their annual Puppy Bowl on Sunday .
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Equipment at a NV Energy substation is seen in this undated image . ( File/FOX5 )
The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department and the University Medical Center experienced a power outage Tuesday afternoon and had to run on backup power , according to their spokespersons .
NV Energy reported at least 15 outages in the area affecting at least 4,078 customers due to equipment damage . Power was estimated to be restored by 6:00 p.m. Tuesday .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
WILLIAMSTOWN , N.J. — The Philadelphia Eagles have surprised a fan who woke up groggy from recent dental surgery asking , “ Did I miss the Super Bowl ? ! ? ”
They have two tickets for the big game in Minneapolis .
Haley Parks ' father tells NJ.com the team reached out on social media Friday , offering their daughter the tickets .
They say she 's “ freaking out ” over the news .
Meanwhile , their parents are trying to find flights to Minneapolis .
Them father posted a video on Facebook this week showing the 21-year-old Rutgers student coming out of anesthesia after having their wisdom teeth removed . They babbled about the Eagles through a mouth of cotton packing . The video had been viewed more than a million times .
The Eagles face the New England Patriots on Sunday .
Amy Rich Photography cuts ribbon
Amy Rich Photography held a ribbon cutting ceremony March 26 conducted by the Lebanon-Wilson County Chamber of Commerce . Amy Rich was joined by chamber board chair J.B. Owens , chamber president Melanie Minter , chamber board members and ambassadors .
ST. PAUL , Minn. ( AP ) — Gov . Mark Dayton has vetoed a bill that they say would have unlawfully undermined Minnesota 's water quality standard for protecting wild rice .
Dayton , who vetoed a similar bill earlier , says the revised version represented “ some progress , ” but not enough to overcome its shortcomings .
They say the bill would have given a work group authority to take over the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency 's responsibilities under state and federal law for protecting wild rice . They say that would have violated federal law and offended Native American tribes that depend on wild rice .
Instead , Dayton announced a task force that will review the science and make recommendations for how best to protect wild rice .
A largely unenforced 1973 state law limits sulfate discharges into wild rice waters to 10 milligrams per liter .
( © Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
HONE SIAME , Lusaka
GOVERNMENT has created over 8,000 jobs in the health sector over the last one year to enhance provision of quality health services to citizens.This brings the number of health workers to 50,671 .
Secretary to the Treasury Fredson Yamba said in the latest economic report released yesterday that 8,157 health workers were recruited in 2017 against a target of 7,400.http : //epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
In its biggest surprise ever , the FOX5 Surprise Squad teamed up with a Las Vegas hospitality foundation to help seven students achieve their dream of a college education .
The students , all local high school seniors , have overcome difficult challenges financially and in their family life to be successful in their studies .
“ These students have worked hard to get where they are . It has not been easy but they know exactly where they want to go , ” explained Melissa Arias , Executive Director of The Epicurean Charitable Foundation ( ECF ) which is comprised of more than 20 top food and beverage and hospitality executives dedicated to enriching the lives of local students passionate about a career in hospitality or culinary arts .
`` I have n't always had the best support in my life and I 've lost a lot of family along the way . And even though I struggle to get to school every day and every day is a new challenge , I do n't let those challenges define me . I want my mother to be proud of me , I want my dad , who 's in heaven to look down on me and be happy , '' one student said .
They have big dreams : in hotel management , marketing , event planning , communications and in the restaurant industry . The students all applied for an Epicurean Charitable Foundation scholarship , which if awarded would give them a full-ride scholarship to UNLV , tuition & books , in addition to a mentor programming in the hospitality industry .
The FOX5 Surprise Squad secretly teamed up with the Foundation to surprise the students that they each had received the scholarship .
But that was n't all . Don Forman , owner of United Nissan in Las Vegas awarded each student a brand-new car !
Martha Morales , once a pregnant teen with no family support , was granted the same scholarship 13 years ago . They are now General Manager at the world-class NOBU Restaurant at Caesars Palace and mentors students heading into the hospitality business .
`` It 's not about where you came from . It 's about where you want to go . And what you 're willing to do and the work that you 're able to put in . Great things will happen , '' Morales explained .
To learn more about the Epicurean Charitable Foundation and their hospitality scholarships , call 702-932-5098 , or go to their website .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
They are a flashpoint of debate . Should we honor those who many says is the symbolism of slavery .
Just this summer , a third Confederate memorial was taken down in New Orleans . The General P.T.G . Beauregard monument came down in the middle of the night . Workers who removed the statue did so in face-concealing gear .
Snipers stood by for their protection .
Our research shows there are confederate monuments all over the United States .
In fact , at least 22 states have some type of monument .
Not all of the monuments are from shortly after the civil war era ; some are much more recent and less than a decade old .
These photos are from the 2007 Confederate monument unveiled in Georgetown , Delaware .
The internet is full of photos of other monuments dedicated just a few years ago . This website shows a 2010 dedication . Confederate heritage groups dedicated a memorial in Sierra Vista , Arizona , near the Mexico border .
That same year , a monument to mark 150 years since the south officially announced it wanted to secede from the Union , was proposed in South Carolina . It was never built .
On Saturday , the mayor of Lexington , Kentucky announced they want to take down two monuments to Confederate soldiers .
In a tweet Saturday about the monuments In Lexington , they said , `` We can not let them define our future . ''
ABB is to supply technology to power electrics for a wind farm service operations vessel ( SOV ) ordered by French company Louis Dreyfus Armateurs for work on the Hornsea 2 offshore wind farm .
The Swiss outfit will provide its onboard DC grid system to integrate energy sources , such as batteries and fuel cells , and deliver a power and energy management system for the 83-metre SOV .
Related Stories ABB , Aibel join forces offshore
04 Oct 2016
ABB converter passes exam
17 Sep 2015 The onboard DC grid solution allows variable speed technology to balance system energy use in line with the load , cutting fuel consumption 20 % , ABB said .
It will also supply tunnel thrusters , generators , transformers , batteries and remote diagnostics services , as well as its marine advisory system Octopus .
The vessel , which is designed by Salt Ship Design , is the second of two SOVs ordered by Louis Dreyfus Armateurs and is due for completion in 2022 .
Cemre Shipyard in Turkey is building the SOV , which will support operations at Orsted 's Hornsea 2 project off the Yorkshire coast of England .
ABB Marine and Ports managing director Juha Koskela said : “ We are proud to deliver the technology that enables the use of stored energy for a vessel supporting the renewables industry . ”
Image : Louis Dreyfus Armateurs
Images : Wildlife in the suburbs
hello
There is no scientific data that says more and more people every day look for , post or comment about animals and assorted wildlife .
We just know it to be true .
Check out our Daily Herald Suburban Wildlife Facebook group page . There , you will find what many people have asked us about : A place to share your neighborhood coyote sightings and other related snapshots . See a selection of some of the best this month in our gallery .
courtesy of Gordon Garcia A family of red foxes comes together in Arlington Heights .
courtesy of Kathy Marie Curda A chipmunk enjoys a few treats of pretzel peanut butter nuggets and raw peanuts .
courtesy of Jamie Kanas A coyote is on high alert during a recent visit to a Rolling Meadows backyard .
courtesy of Pedro Quintanilla An American toad along the North Branch Trail and Des Plaines River Trail .
courtesy of Wayne Reed A buck grazes in West Dundee .
courtesy of Susan Johnston A bluebird enjoys a drink in Barrington Hills .
courtesy of Todd A. Sherlock A heron standing on the top of a tree in Wheaton .
courtesy of Andrew Zydell This squirrel was nice enough to pose for a portrait , then continued with breakfast in Carpentersville .
courtesy of Richard Svienty A family of raccoons gather in a tree in Arlington Heights .
White House drops insistence on two-state solution
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
We turn the central question of the bank 's latest marketing campaign on its tech chief
In National Australia Bank 's latest marketing campaign , people are asked to consider the question : “ What do you know now , that you wish you 'd known 15 years ago ? ”
We asked people to share one piece of advice they 'd give their younger selves and here 's what they said .. pic.twitter.com/A1GT9zyapR — NAB ( @ NAB ) April 10 , 2018
Hindsight is a wonderful thing of course . But when CIO Australia met the bank 's chief technology and operations officer Patrick Wright at the AWS Sydney summit earlier this month , the question was turned back on him . This is what they had to say .
“ Personally – my advice would have been to leave JP Morgan sooner , ” Wright , who arrived in Australia to work for NAB in April last year , said . “ Not because , actually I love the company , I 'm a huge Jamie Dimon fan and I love what they 're doing . But I 'd been with company too long . ”
Wright , originally from the US , started working for JP Morgan in 1991 and spent 17 years there before leaving in 2008 to become chief executive officer of software giant Wincor Nixdorf .
“ In the moment I thought I was going to be with that company until I died ; I was going to end my life a JP Morgan employee . And actually on leaving the company it 's been the best run of my career . So just going out and exploring and seeing different things I think that would be my advice . Go see the world , my son , ” Wright , who joined NAB from Barclaycard where they were global chief operating officer , said .
Although they are n't at the bank 15 years ago , Wright said that from a professional perspective all companies could have transformed themselves more quickly , and NAB is no different .
NAB CTOO Patrick Wright . Credit : Peter Ristic
“ What I love about this company is it 's not just about being digital , it 's about people . We actually believe that customers will increasingly want connected experiences , be it through phone , digital , through Amazon Alexa , through whatever . That will be something that 's dictated by the customers . We also know that they want human beings that know and understand their personal needs in the moments that matter , ” Wright said .
Wright has praise for CEO Andrew Thorburn in being committed to both the technology transformation and having the people “ positioned to have that intimate conversation with the customer ” .
“ So maybe the advice is could you have gone faster on digital and deeper on the customer ? Because like all companies it 's never enough , ” they said .
“ And I do n't think we 've transformed ourselves fast enough . As always , we could always do better and we can always have a better relationship with our customers . And I think getting that recipe right is a constant struggle for us . But I do think in today 's world you have to get the balance right . You ca n't just do one , ” Wright added .
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
French President Emmanuel Macron came under fire Thursday after a remark directed against union activists fuelled accusations from opponents that they show contempt for disgruntled workers .
The pro-business president made the comment Wednesday while visiting the central town of Egletons , referring to trade unionists who clashed with police during a rally against layoffs at the region 's GM & S auto parts plant .
`` Some , instead of stirring up shit , would be better off looking for work '' at a foundry in Ussel , Macron said . The foundry , 140 kilometres ( 85 miles ) from the auto plant , is struggling to find workers .
Macron said Thursday that they were `` standing by the substance '' of their remarks -- which were made in conversation with a regional official -- and would have chosen their words differently in a more formal context .
Government spokesperson Christophe Castaner conceded to BFMTV the choice of language used was `` surprising coming from the mouth of a president of the republic . ''
`` The French use these words all the time , '' said Castaner , adding that Macron had aimed the comment at a union delegation which had `` decided to disrupt the visit .
'Slackers of the world , unite '
Macron spokesperson Bruno Roger-Petit insisted the president was not aware they were on camera at the time .
Macron 's comment follows several others seen as dismissive of ordinary people or critics , contributing to a steep drop in popularity for the 39-year-old centrist since their election in May .
Last month , days before a union-led protest against their flagship labour reforms , Macron said they would not back down `` to slackers , cynics and extremists '' .
Their words became a rallying cry for protesters who coined slogans such as `` Slackers of the world , unite ! ''
They had previously raised eyebrows by drawing a distinction between `` people who succeed and people who are nothing '' .
`` Macron does it again , '' the opposition Socialist Party said in a tweet Wednesday , calling on the president to `` watch their language and respect the French people '' .
A lawmaker of the hard-left France Unbowed party , Adrien Quatennens , said Macron `` does n't know what it means to look for work '' .
Mainstream politicians also joined the attack .
Secretary general of the liberal centre right Republicans Bernard Accoyer said Macron was `` president of all the French and the first requirement is respect for all our compatriots whoever they may be -- and in particular those who are in dfficulty . ''
Accoyer 's party colleague Christian Jacob accused Macron of `` arrogance '' and of being a leader `` who can not take the least challenge . ''
Macron has sought to restore lost prestige to the presidency , hosting events in grandiose settings such as the former royal palace in Versailles and likening their role to that of Jupiter , king of the Roman gods .
The former investment banker 's ambitious agenda includes labour reforms pushed through by decree , with critics seizing on their use of executive orders as an example of an autocratic leadership style .
'President of the rich '
Macron is also planning major tax cuts for the wealthy , forcing them to fend off accusations that they are a `` president of the rich '' .
France 's youngest president sees the tax cuts as essential to spurring investment and stemming the exodus of millionaires such as actor Gerard Depardieu and ageing rocker Johnny Hallyday .
Wednesday 's remark `` further alienates the president by bolstering the image of heavy-handedness and indifference to the least fortunate , '' said Emmanuel Riviere of the Sofres polling institute .
Political scientist Jerome Sainte-Marie told AFP it `` was not very good in terms of popularity , but that wo n't prevent them from passing reforms -- they have overwhelming power . ''
Macron insists they have a mandate for change after their presidential win was followed by a thumping parliamentary victory for their Republic on the Move ( LREM ) party .
Three demonstrations over their labour reforms failed to mobilise the huge crowds that marched against their Socialist predecessor Francois Hollande 's workplace changes .
Online Shopping for the Holidays ? Beware Hacks , Scams and ID Theft
It may be the `` most wonderful time of the year , '' with special offers and sales galore , but it 's also the most likely time to have your identity stolen , cyber experts warn .
Hackers and online fraudsters are impersonating brand-name retailers and scaring consumers with fake emails , purchases and links in an effort to hook unsuspecting shoppers with phishing scams .
`` They know we 're frazzled , they know we 're easily distracted and they know -- and hope -- that we 're going to click on one of those links , which will end up having malware downloaded on our computer , '' said Ryan Gerding , a spokesperson for the anti-spyware and malware firm Enigma Software .
The National Retail Foundation estimated that about 78 million people were expected to shop online for holiday discounts on Cyber Monday , with one-day profits expected to total $ 6.6 billion .
Mr. Gerding said the chances of getting a computer infection increase with the uptick in web traffic . As online shopping grows year to year , more Americans are at risk of being hacked .
`` Last year during the holiday shopping season , which we counted as Black Friday through Christmas , infections on our customers computers jumped 99.23 percent and that was a bigger spike than in 2015 and in 2014 , '' Mr. Gerding said .
Cybersecurity firm Carbon Black reported that phishing attacks -- emails , messages or pop-ups with corrupted links -- rose last year by 20.5 percent during November and December , and are expected to increase even more this holiday season .
RiskIQ , another cybersecurity intelligence firm , warned consumers of an increased risk of mobile infections during this time -- their most recent analysis identified at least one in 25 smartphones apps referencing `` Black Friday '' as unsafe and malicious .
Without naming retailers , RiskIQ said they identified and blacklisted 32,000 apps and 1,451 URLs that impersonate the top five most popular e-commerce sites .
`` The findings confirmed that threat actors are using these well-known brands specifically to exploit the popularity of Black Friday shopping in both web and mobile , '' RiskIQ wrote in its report .
Mr. Gerding said one of the more sophisticated tactics hackers use is to send an email disguised as from a leading online retailer -- like Amazon or PayPal -- and asking users to dispute a suspicious purchase by clicking on a link .
`` Instead of canceling the transaction it 'll take you to a site that either will download malware or to a site that looks like an actual PayPal site and says enter your password information here , and then they 've stolen it and your account has been hacked , '' they said .
There are a number of ways people can protect against such viruses . One is to be vigilant about suspicious links .
`` Think about that link . Anytime you get an email , or anytime you get a message via social media where there is a link inside of it and it 's something you were n't expecting , stop and think a minute before you click on it , '' Mr. Gerding said .
Other advice includes having an anti-spyware or -malware program that deletes infections as soon as they attack computers . Keeping computer and mobile phone operating systems up to date also help protect against hackers . Make sure passwords are secure and updated regularly .
RiskIQ recommends to always look for the `` S '' in `` HTTPS '' or a lock symbol in the web browser when visiting shopping sites . These ensure security and encryption of personal data .
Also , never provide credit card information unless it 's a secure shopping portal , RiskIQ advises , and that sites that ask for this information in return for coupons or to win free merchandise are scams .
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock .
The Latest on legislation to revive the nuclear waste dump at Nevada 's Yucca Mountain ( all times local ) :
11:26 a.m .
The House has approved an election-year bill to revive the mothballed nuclear waste dump at Nevada 's Yucca Mountain despite opposition from home-state lawmakers .
Supporters say the bill approved Thursday would help solve a nuclear-waste storage problem that has festered for more than three decades . More than 80,000 metric tons of spent fuel from commercial nuclear power plants sit idle in 121 communities across 39 states .
The bill would direct the Energy Department to continue a licensing process for Yucca Mountain while moving forward with a separate plan for a temporary storage site in New Mexico or Texas .
The House approved the bill , 340-72 . It now goes to the Senate , where Nevada 's two senators have vowed to block it .
12:32 a.m .
The House is moving to approve an election-year bill that would revive the mothballed nuclear waste dump at Nevada 's Yucca Mountain despite opposition from home-state lawmakers .
Supporters say a bill slated for a vote Thursday would help solve a nuclear-waste storage problem that has festered for more than three decades . Used fuel from commercial nuclear power plants sits idle in 121 communities across 39 states .
The bill would direct the Energy Department to continue a licensing process for Yucca Mountain while also moving forward with a separate plan for a temporary storage site in New Mexico or Texas .
The Trump administration has proposed reviving the long-stalled Yucca project 100 miles ( 161 kilometers ) northwest of Las Vegas , but the plan faces bipartisan opposition from the state 's governor and congressional delegation .
Copyright 2018 Associated Press . All rights reserved .
By S. U. Thoronka
The Chief Administrator at the Kailahun District Council , John Lahai Swarray , and their sectoral staff yesterday appeared before the Parliamentary Committee on Local Government headed by Honourable Abu Bakarr Koroma of Port Loko District , to answer to queries relating to Le400m difference in the financial statement presented to the Committee on behalf of the Council for the year ended 2016 .
Answering questions from members of the Committee , John Lahai Swarray informed that , they were transferred to Kailahun District quite recently but that they appended their signature on the financial statement that was prepared without perusing the document to ascertain its accuracy .
Members of the Parliamentary Committee on Local Government discovered certain discrepancies in the document but neither Mr. Swarray nor their finance officer could proffer a clear explanation .
It was discovered from the financial statement that the total amount of Le1.9 Billion was allocated by Government to the Kailahun District for 2016 and Le1.5 Billion was expended while the balance of Le400 m could not be accounted for and at the same time the council bank balance registers zero .
Sitting was adjourned .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
According to New Orleans sports anchor Andrew Doak of WWL-TV , Pelicans star Anthony Davis was absolutely consulted in the decision whether to re-sign DeMarcus Cousins . And Davis apparently thought the Boogie Experiment had run its course .
Lost in all of this is Anthony Davis ' role in free agency . Source w/ team said if AD wanted Cousins back , GM Demps would have listened . Davis liked the style the Pels started to play without Cousins , and they also liked the environment in the locker room more with Boogie absent . — Andrew Doak ( @ AndrewDoak_WWL ) July 3 , 2018
Obviously NBA business is much more complicated than that . Cousins ' continued pursuit of max deal , despite the iffiness of their mending Achilles , and the fact Julius Randall suddenly came available , were probably as big of factors as Cousins ' polarizing personality .
But when your former Kentucky teammate does n't firmly have your back and leaves you to scramble for a 1-year deal elsewhere , it says something .
And if you believe the reports from credible NBA sources such as the New York Times ' Marc Stein and ESPN 's Brian Windhorst ( a long-tenured LeBron James insider ) , the Lakers had every chance of signing Cousins to the same $ 5.3 million deal . And chose not to .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
GOULDS ( CBSMiami ) — There is a renewed effort to find the person responsible for the unsolved murder of a two-year-old boy who was shot and killed playing in their front yard more than a month ago .
Carnell Williams-Thomas was playing in the courtyard of the Arthur Mays Villas public housing apartment complex in Goulds when a stray bullet hit them on December 15 , 2017 .
Ever since then , officers have been at the scene of the crime , near SW 214th Street and 114th Court , looking for information but leads are now at a standstill . Police believe someone has information in this case .
“ All my baby wanted to do that night was ride on their scooter , ” recalled the boy 's mother Dorothy Williams .
They tried to save their lives by giving them CPR but their child died at the hospital .
“ Why , why , why ? ” they cried . “ He was innocent . They did n't do anything to nobody . ”
At a candlelight vigil where the boy was shot , Miami-Dade Police officers , along with Director Juan Perez , gathered to make a plea .
“ Just come forward , take a stance against violence because if you do n't take a stance , this will happen again and again and again , ” Police Director Perez reminded the crowd . “ I 'm saying it loud for those who are not willing to come outside . ”
Miami-Dade Commissioner Dennis Moss also attended Friday night 's vigil .
“ We 've got to do something to bring closure . We ca n't allow a 2-year-old to be gunned down in this community and nobody is held accountable . That speaks to the humanity of the community . We 're supposed to protect our children , ” they said .
“ To the person who did this , ” said Carnell 's mother . “ I know it 's killing you inside . I know it is , they were a baby , they were my baby . Please just turn yourself in , ” they pleaded .
There is a $ 37,000 reward being offered for information leading to an arrest .
If you know anything , call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS ( 8477 ) .
$ 11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Las Vegas Metro police said two people were arrested after three people were shot , and another person was grazed , in east Las Vegas Tuesday afternoon .
Police took Tyrone Eagland,18 , and Zachary Hewitt , 20 , into custody Wednesday in the 700 block of West Lone Mountain Road . Eagland and Hewitt were charged with three counts of attempted murder , three counts of battery with a deadly weapon , two counts of assault with a deadly weapon , five counts of discharging a gun into an occupied structure or vehicle , and three counts of conspiracy murder .
Lt. Grant Rogers of Las Vegas Metro police , said at least 20 rounds were fired at about 4:40 p.m. at 354 N. Nellis Boulevard in a parking lot between a SuperPawn and Denny 's restaurant .
Detectives said the two suspects got into an argument with several individuals who were exiting a business . During the argument , one suspect began to shoot at the victims . They continued shooting as they crossed the street into a parking lot where police said bystanders were injured .
A 10-year-old girl and their mother were injured in the shooting . They were taken to Sunrise Hospital and are expected to survive , police said . The third person was shot in the hip . A bystander driving in the area was grazed by a bullet and multiple vehicles were also struck by gunfire , police said .
`` I heard the shooting . I looked across the street by the Denny 's . Two guys running from the side of the Denny 's shooting at each other . One had a gun the other was behind chasing him , '' witness Levina Robinson said . `` Right here is where they got my car . ( A bullet ) went through and lodged at the top of the roof . And that basically was it . I took off , I was scared . ''
“ All I saw was this one dude with a rag in their hand and a gun just blasting , ” Daniel Yank , a Wal-Mart customer in the area said . “ It was just crazy , right here in our own little area . ”
Anyone with any information about this incident , or the identity or whereabouts of these suspects , is urged to contact the LVMPD Gang Investigations at 702-828-7826 . To remain anonymous , contact Crime Stoppers by phone at 702-385-5555 , or on the internet at www.crimestoppersofnv.com .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
The Maharashtra government will come up with a policy under which tribal students from 1100 ashram schoolsin state would be encouraged to explore their talent and skills in their field of choice , Tribal Development Minister Vishnu Savra said .
“ A policy decision to promote skills of tribal students in tribal art , adventure sports etc will be taken . Atalent search will also be conducted , ” the minister told reporters .
They said tribal students from three Ashram ( residential ) schools who participated in “ Mission Shaurya ” expedition to scale Mount Everest earlier this month would be given a cash incentive of Rs 25 lakh each .
“ Those students who could not achieve the feat will be given Rs 10 lakh each , ” they said .
A total of five tribal students from Chandrapur district had scaled the world 's tallest mountain peak .
They said tribal students would be encouraged to take up professional education in a field of their choice and the expenses will be funded by the state government .
This September 9 , 2014 , file photo shows the Apple Watch displayed during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino , California .
Apple and Aetna held secret meetings last week to bring Apple 's health- and fitness-tracking device , Apple Watch , to Aetna customers , according to three sources who spoke with CNBC .
Aetna , which covers an estimated 23 million people , is negotiating a deal with Apple to either provide the smartwatch for free or at a discounted rate to its members .
Recently , Apple has focused on developing new health sensors for people with chronic disease , according to a CNBC report in April .
Apple Watch recently surpassed Fitbit as the top-selling health-tracking device , after shipments reached an estimated 22 million in early 2017 .
Eclipse Tourism : Are These Small Towns Ready ?
Kesha and Macklemore will unite for a co-headlining North American tour in summer 2018 . The nine-week , 30-date trek kicks off June 6th in Phoenix , Arizona and concludes August 5th in Tampa , Florida .
A pre-sale for U.S. tickets
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com : Kesha , Macklemore Plot Joint 2018 Tour
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
By Whinsley Masara
An amakorokoza gang from Filabusi unleashed a reign of terror in the area over a long standing dispute over gold claims leaving four family members in hospital . Two gang members have since been arrested .
Matabeleland South police spokesperson Inspector Philisani Ndebele said violent skirmishes started last Friday in Denje and Dekezi and some arrests have been made .
“ I can confirm the public violence and we have arrested two of the perpetrators and are hunting for six other suspects who are still at large . We are withholding the names of the suspects as this may jeopardise investigations .
“ We are appealing to members of the public to assist us with information leading to the arrest of the six men . We hope the local communities co-operate and help us in apprehending the dangerous beings in their community before they injure more people , ”  they said .
Insp Ndebele said the suspects destroyed property worth over $ 1 600 at one of their victims ' homes .
“ Illegal gold panners in the area unwind through beer binges , resulting in them holding grudges against each other and engaging in gang fights . Many of them fight over silly issues although some of the vicious assaults and attempted murders , among other crimes , go unreported , ” they said .
Thando Sibanda ( 26 ) and Zachariah Sibanda ( 17 ) both of Denje area under chief Maduna were arrested while six other suspects are still at large .
Villagers from Denje , Ward 12 , under chief Maduna , told The Chronicle that the area had become a ‘ war zone ' with frequent bloody clashes involving two gangs .
“ The grudges started when one of them killed one of our villagers ' sons in 2012 during gold wars . The suspected murderer is allegedly out on bail , hence we are bitter that the alleged murderers still walk freely in our community , terrorising us .
“ We are living in fear of these gangsters who have gone to an extent of assaulting anyone they meet on the roads and vandalising innocent people 's homes . We appeal to the police to take immediate action before people die in these two villages and as we speak a number of people have already been in and out of hospital following assaults by these thugs , ”  a villager said .
Another villager who preferred anonymity said the gold wars between rival gangs has been going on for two years .
The director of Godlwayo Community Development Plan , Mr Nkululeko Tshuma , said communities were living in fear .
“ The situation has become unbearable and villagers are now living in fear of these uncontrollable gangs . We appeal to the police to assist and villagers are willing to assist them with information which will result in the arrest of these gangs , ”  the villager said . The Chronicle
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
MIAMI TOWNSHIP , Ohio ( WDTN ) — Drowsy driving is being blamed for a crash on I-75 in Miami Township .
The Ohio State Highway Patrol says a woman was driving north on I-75 near the Dixie Drive exit when they fell asleep and crashed .
The vehicle ran off the road and flipped on its top .
OSP says the woman was on their way to Michigan when they crashed .
There were two other people in the vehicle . No one was seriously hurt .
OSP says the woman will be cited for failure to control .
Alcohol and drugs were not suspected as factors in the crash .
Already have an account ?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access .
You can cancel anytime .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
U.S . Accuses Russia of Hacking Energy Grid , Critical Infrastructure
The Trump administration accused Russia on Thursday of a concerted operation to hack the U.S. energy grid and other critical infrastructure including aviation , and separately imposed sanctions on a raft of Russian officials for alleged high-tech interference in the 2016 American presidential election .
The moves were the strongest to date against Russia by the administration , which critics have complained is being soft on Moscow .
U.S. national security officials said the FBI , Department of Homeland Security and intelligence agencies had determined that Russian intelligence and others were behind a broad range of cyberattacks beginning a year ago that have infiltrated the energy , nuclear , commercial , water , aviation and manufacturing sectors .
The officials said the Russian hackers chose their targets , obtained access to computer systems , conducted `` network reconnaissance '' of systems that control key elements of the U.S. economy and then attempted to cover their tracks by deleting evidence of their infiltration .
The U.S. government has helped the industries kick out the Russians from all systems currently known to have been penetrated , according to the officials , but the efforts continue . The officials , who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive national security information , left open the possibility of discovering more breaches , and said the federal government was issuing an alert to the energy industry to raise awareness about the threat and improve preparation .
That alert , published online by Homeland Security , said the hacking effort was a `` multi-stage intrusion campaign by Russian government cyber actors who targeted small commercial facilities ' networks '' to gain access and plant malware , which was then used to monitor activity as well as to move laterally into other , larger industrial control systems .
It also said the hackers exploited open-source material from companies ' public websites to mine seemingly innocuous information that was later used to infiltrate networks . In one case , the alert said , hackers downloaded a small image from a company 's human resources page that when blown up was actually `` a high-resolution photo that displayed control systems equipment models and status information in the background . ''
The accusations and accompanying Russian sanctions were the most severe yet by the Trump administration in connection with hacking and other efforts to sow discord in America 's democracy and compromise its infrastructure .
Also Thursday , President Donald Trump , who has been publicly skeptical of the election allegations , joined the leaders of Britain , France and Germany in a joint statement blaming Moscow for the poisoning of an ex-Russian spy who was living in England .
Reaction from Russia was swift .
Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said Moscow was greeting the sanctions calmly , but they warned that Russia had already started `` to prepare a response . '' They suggested the Trump administration had timed the sanctions to come ahead of this weekend 's presidential election in Russia , in which President Vladimir Putin is expected to win an overwhelming victory .
`` It is tied to U.S. internal disorder , tied of course to our electoral calendar , '' Ryabkov was quoted as saying by the Russian state news agency Tass .
The list of Russians now under U.S. sanctions includes the 13 indicted last month by U.S. special counsel Robert Mueller as part of their Russia-related investigation into alleged election interference . The sanctions are the first use of the new powers that Congress passed last year to punish Moscow for meddling in an election that Trump won over Democrat Hillary Clinton .
`` These targeted sanctions are a part of a broader effort to address the ongoing nefarious attacks emanating from Russia , '' Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said . They said others would face punishment in the future under the new sanctions law `` to hold Russian government officials and oligarchs accountable for their destabilizing activities . ''
Altogether , 19 Russians were cited . Also sanctioned were five Russian companies , including the Internet Research Agency , which is accused of orchestrating a mass online disinformation campaign to affect the presidential election result .
The U.S. Treasury Department announced the sanctions amid withering criticism accusing Trump and their administration of failing to use its congressionally mandated authority to punish Russia . The sanction targets include officials working for the Russian military intelligence agency GRU .
Thursday 's action freezes any assets the individuals and entities may have in the United States and bars Americans from doing business with them .
The Treasury Department said the GRU and Russia 's military both interfered in the 2016 election and were `` directly responsible '' for the NotPetya cyberattack that hit businesses across Europe in June 2017 , causing billions of dollars in damage by disrupting global shipping , trade and medicine production . It noted that the attack caused several U.S. hospitals to be unable to create electronic medical records for more than a week .
Among those affected was Yevgeny Prigozhin , who is known as `` Putin 's chef '' and who ran the St. Petersburg-based Internet Research Agency , and 12 of the agency 's employees . They were included in Mueller 's indictment last month .
The agency `` tampered with , altered or caused a misappropriation of information with the purpose or effect of interfering with or undermining election processes and institutions , '' specifically the 2016 U.S. presidential race .
`` The IRA created and managed a vast number of fake online personas that posed as legitimate U.S. persons to include grass-roots organizations , interest groups and a state political party on social media , '' the Treasury Department statement said . `` Through this activity , the IRA posted thousands of ads that reached millions of people online . ''
The sanctions also affect the Russian Federal Security Service , or FSB , and six of its employees for cyberattacks more broadly , including those targeting Russian journalists , opposition figures , foreign politicians and U.S. officials . The Americans include members of the diplomatic corps , the military and White House staffers .
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock/Artist 's concept .
Police said they are investigating a murder-suicide on Aug. 13 , 2017 . ( Luis Marquez/FOX5 )
Two people are dead after an apparent murder-suicide in northwest Las Vegas , according to Metro police .
Officers were called to the 10000 block of West Alexander Road , near Grand Canyon Drive , at 8:30 p.m. Sunday .
Police said it appears to be a domestic disturbance where a husband killed their wife , before killing himself .
Stay with FOX5 for the latest information .
Copyright 2017 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Nordic countries wary of Russia pledge closer ties
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
06/14/17 – 3:17 P.M .
The Ohio Department of Agriculture will start aerial treatments to disrupt gypsy moth mating across the state . Brett Gates said that Hancock County will get the treatment soon .
Brett Gates
Planes will deliver SPLAT GM-O which is a product that disrupts mating and does n't kill the moth . It is an organic product and is not harmful to birds , plants , pets , or humans .
For more information , you can visit the Ohio Department of Agriculture 's website at agri.ohio.gov
Officers for both Miami-Dade and the City of Miami located the suspect in the water near a ledge by the 27th Avenue bridge and engaged in a waterlogged standoff from boats , trying to convince the suspect to surrender before shots were fired . C.M . GUERRERO cmguerrero @ elnuevoherald.com
The Nigerian Naira on Tuesday , February 14 , remained low against the U.S dollar at the parallel or black segment of the Nigerian foreign exchange market , trading at the rate of N506 .
Meanwhile , the local currency dropped one point against the British Pound Sterling at the parallel market trading at N618 from the N617 it traded on Friday , February 10 . Against the Euro , the naira trade at N530 from the N531rate of last week .
At the official interbank or Spot FX market , the Nigerian currency remained at 305.25/dollar , same rate it has been trading since last August .
The naira , on Friday , February 10 , tumbled to a record low at the parallel or black segment of the Nigerian foreign exchange market , trading for N506 to the U.S dollar .
The market has remained volatile since the beginning of 2017 , exchanging in the range of N490 to N500 as the demand for dollar continues to surge .
OSHAWA , Ont . — Police say a suspect who was allegedly driving a stolen vehicle was arrested after fleeing on foot and jumping out of a second storey window in an attempt to avoid capture .
Durham regional police say officers spotted the stolen vehicle late morning and followed it to a parking lot in Oshawa , Ont. , where they attempted to arrest the driver .
It 's alleged the suspect resisted arrest by punching and kicking the officers , and even a bit one of them .
They say after officers unsuccessfully tried to Taser the suspect , they fled into an apartment building and police pursued them into one of the units .
Vendors sought for festival
TIPP CITY — Booth spaces are still available for this year 's Art in the Park and the Tipp City Area Arts Council is seeking artists . The deadline for applications have been extended until July 15 .
Contact TCAAC at tippcityartscouncil @ gmail.com or at ( 937 ) 543-5115 for more information . Booth space for TCAAC members is $ 40 ; for non-members , it is $ 50 . Please RSVP as soon as possible as spaces are limited . See registration information and details at tippcityartscouncil.com/artinpark .
Art in the Park , with food vendors and music , as well as the Children 's Art Adventure , will be held Saturday , Aug. 4 , from noon to 8 p.m. in City Park , rain or shine .
Socially Crafty at the Pleasant Hill Library
PLEASANT HILL — Get chatty and crafty at the Pleasant Hill Library on Monday , July 16 at 6 p.m. with Socially Crafty . Just bring your creativity , and maybe some friends , as library staff provides the instruction and the materials to make Book Bricks . For adults only . No registration required .
For more information call the library at 937-676-2731.The library is located at 12 North Main Street , Pleasant Hill , Ohio .
Card Club winners named
MIAMI COUNTY — The winners of the TWIG 4 Card Club Marathon in May have been named . They include
Group 1
First — Jean Shaneyfelt and Arlene Ehlers
Second — Marsha Simpson and Penny Dye
Third — Karen Rodgers and Beth Earhart
Group 2
First — Tim and Judy Logan
Second — Terry and Louretta Gaston
Third — Art and Joanne Disbrow
Group 3
First — Lou Holter and Judy Logan
Second — Joyce Fraas and Ruth Jenkins
Third — Sandy Adams and Marty Timko
Group 4
First — Lou Holter
Second — Barbara Wilson
Third — Judy Logan
Group 5
First — Sue Dumbauld
Second — Marge Burk
Third — Nancy Frantz
Group 8
First — Bonnie Rashilla
Second — Judy Logan
Third — Julia Routson
Group 9
First — Janet Wise and Lynn Fobian
Second — Fran Bowsman and Marsha Simpson
Debt elimination seminar at library
TROY — On Tuesday , July 10 , at 6:30 p.m. , the Troy-Miami County Public Library will host a debt elimination seminar led by Your Financial Future of Miami County , Topics will include eliminating all of your debt , including your mortgage , in nine years or less without spending any additional money . This program is for adults and no registration is required .
I was “ Ambien tweeting ” , says Roseanne Barr .
And then the drugmaker fired back by saying that “ racism is not a known side effect ” of their product .
Ambien maker Sanofi responds to Roseanne Barr , who blamed racist tweet about Valerie Jarrett on the sleep medication : “ Racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. ” https : //t.co/Uj0SqzJM7y pic.twitter.com/uFmtnW1WOs — ABC News ( @ ABC ) May 30 , 2018
You do n't quite know whether to chuckle , shake your head , or shake your fists in the air , but it 's already started a discussion about what the real side effects of Ambien ARE .
You might remember several years back when a government report was released , casting a pretty negative light on the drug as well as generic versions of it .
Here is a link to a 2013 article in The Atlantic outlining some of the dangers of taking Ambien .
Here is the conversation which aired on CBS This Morning back in May , 2013 :
So it 's safe to say that while sleep drugs like Ambien may not cause someone to be racist , they certainly have an impact on a person 's judgement and behavior .
Perhaps there should be a warning on the bottle that says “ do not text or tweet while on Ambien ” .
Or , perhaps there could be an entire section of “ Texts from Last Night ” that feature people “ Ambien Tweeting ” .
I 'm sure that would be entertaining .
IRVINE , CA -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) - True Drinks Holdings , Inc. ( OTC PINK : TRUU ) , makers of AquaBall™ Naturally Flavored Water , the healthiest children 's beverage on the market with no sugar , preservatives , calories , or artificial flavors , is pleased to announce the appointment of food and beverage industry veteran James J. Greco as CEO .
Mr. Greco had previously been recruited directly by former CEO , Kevin Sherman and appointed as a Director of True Drinks on February 6 , 2017 . They will now take over day-to-day operations as the Company 's CEO . Kevin Sherman will retain the role of President .
Kevin Sherman , President of True Drinks , commented , `` As I mentioned in my March 31 letter to shareholders , the biggest challenge facing us was the ability to engage the countless opportunities before us . Having an accomplished and seasoned CEO with a significant track record of adding shareholder value on our team will provide me with the time to pursue these opportunities fully . My singular focus has always been attracting top talent in reaching our destination . Jim 's appointment as CEO will greatly help our efforts in expediting strategic partnerships that will enhance shareholder confidence and value . Furthermore , Jim 's experience in preparing and bringing companies to acquisition is vital to True Drinks as AquaBall grows into this stage of development . Their leadership and direction will take our brand to new heights . ''
Mr. Greco , CEO of True Drinks , added , `` I 'm excited to be joining True Drinks at this time in its history . I believe over the past nine months the Company has taken a number of actions that position it for rapid growth including product reformulation , new packaging and a new sales team . Combined with a change in consumer attitudes toward what we feed our kids , the Company is in the right place with the right product at the right time . I look forward to working with Kevin and the team to realize this potential and create significant shareholder value . ''
About James J. Greco
Mr. Greco ( 59 ) , currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Pilgrim Holdings , LLC , a position they have held since October 2001 . Mr. Greco previously served as Chief Operating Officer of Newk 's Franchise Company , LLC from July 2014 until October 2016 , as well as President from January 2016 until October 2016 . Prior to their time with Newk 's Franchise Company , Mr. Greco served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Sbarro LLC from January 2012 until October 2013 , and as the Chief Executive Officer of Bruegger 's Enterprises , Inc. from August 2003 to December 2011 . Mr. Greco currently serves as a director of the Palm Beach County Food Bank , as well as an operating advisor for Lincoln Road Global Management . Mr. Greco is a member of the Connecticut and Florida bars . They earned a B.A . in Economics from Georgetown University and a J.D . from the University of Miami , School of Law . They have also completed International Studies at City University , London , England .
About True Drinks , Inc .
True Drinks Holdings , Inc. , the holding company for True Drinks , Inc. , is a healthy beverage provider which produces AquaBall™ Naturally Flavored Water . AquaBall is a healthy alternative to the other products in the children 's beverage market . True Drinks has licensing agreements with Disney and Marvel for use of their characters on bottles of AquaBall™ . AquaBall™ is a naturally flavored , vitamin-enhanced , zero-calorie , preservative-free , dye-free , sugar-free alternative to juice and soda . AquaBall™ is currently available in four flavors : fruit punch , grape , strawberry lemonade and berry . Their target consumers : kids , young adults , and their guardians , are attracted to the product by the entertainment and media characters on the bottle and continue to consume the beverage because of its healthy benefits and great taste . For more information , please visit www.aquaballdrink.com and www.truedrinks.com . Investor information can be found at www.truedrinks.com/investor-relations/ . Proudly made in the USA .
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Any statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the U.S . Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . Words such as `` anticipate , '' `` believe , '' `` estimate , '' `` expect , '' `` forecast , '' `` intend , '' `` may , '' `` plan , '' `` project , '' `` predict , '' `` if , '' `` should '' and `` will '' and similar expressions as they relate to True Drinks , Inc. are intended to identify such forward-looking statements . True Drinks , Inc. may from time to time update these publicly announced projections , but it is not obligated to do so . Any projections of future results of operations or the anticipated benefits of the merger and other aspects of the proposed merger should not be construed in any manner as a guarantee that such results or other events will in fact occur . These projections are subject to change and could differ materially from final reported results . For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties , see `` Risk Factors '' in True Drink 's report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and its other filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended . Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements , which speak only as of the dates on which they are made .
Henrik Lundqvist 'best player on the ice ' as Rangers steal one GLENDALE , Ariz. — Understandable that the Rangers did n't want to be overly critical on a night when they rode Henrik Lundqvist in a Wild West capper , stealing two points in ...
Ranger rallies fall short as Lundqvist yanked in sloppy loss This hurt the Rangers , physically and emotionally . And how could it not , as they twice stormed back from three-goal deficits and had it all blow up in their faces during ...
John Tortorella 's tough love act is getting old again Imagine if John Tortorella , coach of the Blue Jackets , did n't have the immense respect they profess to have for Brandon Dubinsky . A year ago , as coach of Team USA in ...
The next steps Rangers should take now that Derek Stepan 's gone The last thing the Rangers should do and the last thing the Rangers intend to do is to leap head-first into the free-agent pool and dole out the kinds of ...
Rangers break up core with Stepan-Raanta jaw-dropper CHICAGO — It was hard for the Rangers to part ways with one of the core players from the most successful run in franchise history that did n't include a Stanley ...
Rangers lose Oscar Lindberg and a bit of their future to Vegas Over the long run , the Rangers could well miss Oscar Lindberg , the 25-year-old Swede who was selected by the Vegas Golden Knights in Wednesday 's expansion draft extravaganza following a breakout ...
How Derek Stepan dangle could evolve into Rangers blockbuster Regarding the Rangers , who can do no more than hang up and listen until the NHL roster freeze is lifted on Thursday , a day after Vegas fills its roster in ...
Islanders ' protected players list could signal deal is in the works With the Islanders stockpiling young talent for a decade , they now have run into a moderate problem — and it could end up costing them a high draft pick . Every ...
Las Vegas could pluck one of three Rangers forwards It seems the mania that was anticipated in the lead-up to the NHL expansion draft is not exactly affecting the Rangers . Things remained quiet on that front as the Rangers ...
FORT MYERS , Fla. ( AP ) — If the Minnesota Twins are going to rebound from a 2016 season marked by a club-record 103 losses , they need their youngest starting pitchers to take the next step in their progression this spring .
Jose Berrios and Tyler Duffey were among the first players in the clubhouse on Tuesday , the reporting day for Twins pitchers and catchers . As the only two under-29 returning members of the rotation , their continued development will be vital toward improvement for starting staff that had a major league-worst 5.39 ERA last year . That was almost 2½ runs higher than the World Series champion Chicago Cubs .
“ At some point the young guys are going to have to step up , ” Twins manager Paul Molitor said .
The 22-year-old Berrios has the highest expectations . The 32nd overall pick in the 2012 amateur draft struggled badly as a rookie , going 3-7 with an 8.02 ERA in 14 starts . They walked 35 batters and allowed 12 home runs in just 58 1-3 innings . They acknowledged that after tearing through the minor leagues , the jump to the mound at Target Field was a bit daunting .
“ It was different playing in front of big crowds and a lot of fans . It was a big adjustment , ” Berrios said . “ I learned a lot . I learned that you have to have confidence when you go out there to pitch . This year I feel more comfortable and more confident . ”
Berrios , who will miss part of camp to pitch for Puerto Rico in the World Baseball Classic , said they focused on their core muscles this offseason to improve their agility on the mound and help them maintain their velocity in later innings . Opposing hitters batted .368 off Berrios in the fifth inning or later .
“ I really concentrated on my legs , my ankles , everything so that I could be better with mobility , ” Berrios said . “ Hopefully I can improve consistency this year . ”
Duffey , who has been a teammate of Berrios at every professional level since being taken in the same 2012 draft ( fifth round ) , also needs a bounce back from a poor 2016 in order to keep their spot in the rotation . Duffey , who had a strong rookie year ( going 5-1 with a 3.10 ERA in 10 starts in 2015 ) , took a step backward last season . The 26-year-old went 9-12 with a 6.43 ERA . Like Berrios , they were vulnerable to the long ball , giving up 25 home runs in 133 innings .
Duffey and Berrios are both part of a crowded competition at the back end of the rotation this spring that is wide open behind last year 's opening day starter , Ervin Santana and late-season acquisition , Hector Santiago .
Returning starters Kyle Gibson and Phil Hughes , who is coming back from season-ending surgery that required removal of a rib to address a shoulder injury , will be given opportunities to reclaim their spot in the rotation . That leaves Berrios and Duffey in the mix with non-roster invitees Ryan Vogelsong and Nick Tepesch and Trevor May making the transition back from the bullpen .
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
President Nicolas Maduro is looking to expand the number of civilians involved in armed militias as tensions in the crisis-wracked nation continue to rise .
Maduro on Monday said that they hope the number of militia members will reach 500,000 compared to 100,000 currently . They said each new member would be equipped with a gun .
The Bolivarian militias were created by the late Hugo Chavez with the goal of training 1 million civilians to assist the armed forces in the defense of their socialist revolution from external and domestic attacks .
Maduro 's comments on the anniversary of the militia 's creation come as opponents gear up for a big demonstration Wednesday in which they are seeking to force elections .
Nasty trade talk has n't turned the largest German automaker off its U.S. growth plans : Volkswagen AG is investing in its Tennessee factory and expanding its lineup of the sport utility vehicles that Americans love .
VW plans to reveal at the New York auto show next week a five-passenger SUV concept , presaging a model that the automaker will build at its $ 900 million factory near Chattanooga that 's assembling the seven-seat Atlas . The company said it 's investing $ 340 million more to bring the new SUV to market .
No jobs will be added to produce the additional vehicle , but it should improve job security at the factory , a spokesperson said by email . The southeastern Tennessee factory , which also assembles Passat sedans , employs about 3,200 workers .
President Donald Trump has complained about the imbalance in tariffs between the U.S. and Germany , calling for “ reciprocal ” taxes . American companies face 10 percent levies on vehicles and parts going into Europe , while EU companies pay 2.5 percent on cars and SUVs imported to the U.S. Imports of light pickups face a 25 percent U.S. tariff .
London hotspot : the hip Shoreditch street attracting developers
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
see also The Worst flu season in a decade is getting even worse The feds say the worst flu season in a decade ...
How bad is this year 's flu ?
It 's so bad , the Nevada Red Cross is recommending Super Bowl partiers “ huddle up ” Sunday not only with friends and beer , but with “ soap and disposable hand towels . ”
It 's so bad that an ESPN report — revealing that the dreaded virus has stricken Philadelphia Eagles starters Tim Jernigan , Ronald Darby and Mychal Kendricks — set off a ­ # flugate conspiracy-theory free-for-all on Twitter .
“ Damn , Bill Belichick planting flu in our players now ? ” one ardent ­Eagles fan tweeted of the rival New England ­Patriots coach .
The country is experiencing the worst flu season in a decade , with no sign of slowing .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday that the flu season continued to intensify the week ending Jan. 27 .
One of every 14 visits to doctors and clinics nationwide that week was for symptoms of the flu — the highest level since the deadly swine flu pandemic in 2009 .
In New York , the flu has been categorized as widespread for the eighth consecutive week , according to the state Health Department .
The week ending Jan. 27 , there were 11,683 lab-confirmed influenza reports in the state , a 50 percent increase over the previous week .
The number of patients hospitalized with influenza was 2,221 , a 21 percent increase over the previous week .
In New York City , 3,015 people have been hospitalized since the season began in October , 33 percent more than at this time last year .
Flu is widespread in 48 states , down from 49 last week , with only Oregon reporting less flu activity , the CDC said .
The child death toll is up to 53 — with 16 fatalities during the week ending Jan. 27 . Eighty percent of those children had not had a flu shot , the CDC said .
Experts had thought this season might be bad , but its intensity has surprised most everyone because the flu usually peaks in February .
Dr. Anne Schuchat , CDC acting director , warned , “ We are not out of the woods yet . ”
They urged people to wash their hands frequently and cover their mouth while coughing or sneezing .
Selena Gomez and their ~legs~ stepped out in Hollywood on Friday night , and they all looked amazing ! The slit on their silky dress went all the way up , and I 'm so inspired that I 'm cutting slits into everything I own — dresses , skirts , pants , etc .
Splash News
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Also , the jacket is perfection . Check out the back :
Splash News
Selena recently completed a two-week program to treat anxiety and depression . A source said they wanted to “ get away and focus on themselves with no distractions , ” adding that Selena “ came back feeling very empowered ” following the treatment . The treatment of the on-site program allegedly included therapy , healthy meals , Pilates , and mediation .
In case you had n't noticed , Houston second baseman Jose Altuve is essentially having Derek Jeter 's career — without the early championships .
Altuve , at age 27 , went into Tuesday with 936 games played and 1,200 hits . Jeter completed their age-27 season with exactly 936 games played and 1,199 hits . That is arguably more impressive for Altuve in this age of shifts , which is perhaps why their OPS-plus is 125 compared to 122 at the same point for Jeter .
Jeter stole 135 bases at a 77 percent success rate , Altuve has 223 steals at a 78 percent clip . Jeter walked more , but also struck out more . Jeter , at this stage , had 99 homers compared to 76 for Altuve . But Jeter never hit 20 in consecutive seasons , which Altuve almost certainly will do in 2016-17 .
In fact , Altuve is morphing into the other great Yankees middle infielder of the era . Robinson Cano had 1,121 hits through Game 936 , but already 125 homers and — at 28 — they were just entering their best power period , as it seems Altuve is now , as well .
Altuve has been overshadowed , maybe by their lack of size ( he is listed , perhaps generously , at 5-6 ) or by having Carlos Correa as a double-play partner or by not playing in a huge baseball market such as New York or Boston or Chicago . But they already have more hits through an age-27 season than Jeter and before this season is over should pass Hall of Famers Carl Yastrzemski , Tim Raines , Sam Crawford , Eddie Collins , Eddie Mathews , Stan Musial , Bill Mazeroski , Roberto Clemente , Cal Ripken , Johnny Bench and perhaps George Brett .
In other words , do n't miss it , because we are watching a player in their prime on both a 3,000-hit and Cooperstown arc .
Dog owners were questioning safety , after a Pomeranian was mauled while playing in a valley dog park . ( FOX5 )
Dog parks are specifically designed for dogs to run freely , but some dog owners were questioning safety , after a Pomeranian was mauled while playing in a valley dog park .
Dog owner Robert Jones said normally , Dog Fancier 's Park is a pup 's paradise , but last month they said it was a nightmare .
“ Her dog was attacked by a large dog and it ripped their back leg off , ” Jones said .
The injured dog was a Pomeranian named ‘ Bingo , ' who belongs to Jones ' friend . They said the attacking dog and its owner fled in a car that a witness was able to photograph .
“ We would like to get them off the street ... make sure this attack does n't happen to other dogs , '' Jones said .
That 's why Jones said they were fighting for change at Dog Fancier 's Park in east Las Vegas . They said they believe if small dogs had their own separate section at the park , the incident would n't have happened .
“ The biggest issue with big dogs is not necessarily that they 're going to attack ... it 's that they 'll step on small dogs . ”
The dog park was sectioned off in five areas but they were open to all dogs as long as the area is n't reserved . Among the five areas is a smaller section that is known to dog owners who frequent Dog Fancier 's Park as the unofficial small dog section , however it 's been closed off for about three months for re-seeding .
“ It was common courtesy , ” Jones said . “ When you get certain people , they 'd come in with their dog and said there is no sign . ”
After the small dog section closed , Jones said they asked Parks and Rec if they could put up a temporary fence in one of the larger dog sections , but that never happened .
Clark county officials said they have several other parks nearby that do have sections for small dogs , but Dog Fancier 's Park is different . Officials said that Dog Fancier 's Park is the only dog park where patrons can pay money to reserve the park , which is part of the reason there are no plans to restrict any part of the part for particular dogs .
“ So now you 're putting people that are 60 , 70 , 80 years old , in their cars ... to drive seven miles for their dog to just walk and play . ”
Jones said they hope strength in numbers will change that and is looking to rally more dog owners behind him .
“ Everybody says their dog is gentle ... until it 's not . ”
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Tabitha Hale fell from a horse , fracturing their skull with swelling in their brain . See how they miraculously .
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments :
With club competition in full swing , this is easily the busiest time of the year for the top clubs in Europe . While some now have the sole focus on top four finishes , there are a select few that still have hopes to achieve ultimate European glory . As of Friday the draw was set , and we now know the matches for Quarter Final competition . With only eight teams remaining , the competition is sure to be fierce as we roll on towards the final . Without further ado , I am Mike Hamby for WPTS Sports , and here are my predictions for the Champions League Quarter Finals .
Manchester City vs Liverpool : In what should be a barn burner of a match , the top two clubs in the Premier League face off in the Quarter Finals . Liverpool 's fantastic run of form has recently come to an end , losing at Old Trafford 2-1 thanks to some great bus-parking by the Special One . However , the reds quickly bounced back this week with a strong 5-0 at Anfield against Watford , thanks in no small part to Mo Salah , who had four goals and an assist . Man City are still England 's top club , and have essentially been crowned as the winners of this year in the EPL . Both teams are on the top of their game , and split their matches in the Premier League this year . Liverpool are probably the only team in the Premier League who can match City in speed and attacking ability , the only question remains their backline strength and stability . While City have seemed unstoppable this year , the defense has started to show some cracks as the season has worn on . The loss to Liverpool definitely exposed some of the Center Back struggles for the blues . However , both of these teams can afford to be lackadaisical in the back when they have the players up front that they do . Mohamed Salah for Liverpool is a top candidate for the Golden Boot , after playing absolutely spectacular throughout the season in all competitions for the reds ( 37 goals , 10 assists ) . Sergio Aguero on the other side has been up and down this year , but when they are on they can be a force in any game ( 31 goals , 7 assists ) . Those two are only the tip of the iceberg on the attacking half , and honestly I could talk about this match all day . Unfortunately I have to make a prediction and move on . I think this one is a match for the ages , and should be the best of the round . I 'm taking City , while Liverpool are the only team to beat them in the Premier League this year , the blues have been in great form all season .
Prediction : Manchester City 6 – 5 on Aggregate
Juventus vs Real Madrid : Let me preface this match by saying I did not see this coming . Those of you who read my article on the first round saw that I had both of these clubs losing , so I am a bit surprised . Juventus did a fantastic job limiting Harry Kane and the plethora of talent that lurks on Tottenham 's front line . While there are plenty of accusations of diving , and a bit of rough play , Juve 's back line held up strong regardless , and really prevented Kane and Co. from bullying their way into opportunities . Real Madrid handled PSG with relative ease , cutting through the Parisian defense like butter on a hot croissant ( see what I did there ? ) . For all of their faults in the first half of this season , Ronaldo has shown up spectacularly in 2018 , and made their presence felt in this match . PSG showed confidence in the first leg , swaggering in with the strong front of Cavani , Neymar , and Mbappe . However , things soon took a bad turn as Neymar went down and soon everything fell apart . Both clubs proved me wrong , but they definitely deserve to be here . I expect a strong defensive showing from Juve , they will have to be on top of their game to contain Ronaldo . Real has kept their Champions League hopes alive , and since Barcelona have wrapped up La Liga , this is all they have to play for . Expect big things from the stars in this one , but much like last years UCL Final , I just think Ronaldo will be too much . Juventus will put up a great fight , and Gianluigi Buffon will end up standing on their head like they always do , but it wo n't be enough to stop Real .
Prediction : Real Madrid 4 – 2 on Aggregate
Barcelona vs Roma : Barcelona are so hot right now . They are the best team in Europe , and this is no longer a question thanks to Manchester City 's stumbles as of late . Lionel Messi has been a force in all competitions , but Champions League has allowed them to shine . After humiliating Chelsea with not one , BUT TWO nutmeg goals on Courtois , the little magician is now in the 100 Champions League goals club . The rest of Barça is also clicking at the right time . Dembele put on a masterclass in the midfield this week at Stamford Bridge , their first real show stopping performance since joining the club . Of course , Luis Suarez is n't doing to shabby either , though I wo n't speak too much about them as they have mostly dominated La Liga and not UCL . On the other side , we have Roma . The Italian side has had flashes of brilliance this season on both end of the pitch , though their lethality comes from pure , unabashed , pace . With a strong , tall backline , Roma 's defense can combat the aerial attack from Barça . This leaves them slightly exposed though , due to Barça 's tendency to keep it on the ground and their fantastic dribbling skills . Roma 's midfield is strong thanks to the brilliance of Central Midfielder Radja Nainggolan , who has been the puppet master behind several club wins this season . The attack is passed through the wing backs Kolarov and Florenzi who are fantastic at crossing into the box . Once the ball is in the box , it is hard to miss the giant that is Edin Dzeko , who will look to dominate the Catalonia backline . While Barcelona will be the favorite , with all the prowess they have , do not let that lull you into complacency . Roma can strike , and with Allison in goal , anything is possible for this club . I think this will be dependent on the first leg in Camp Nou , and I am going to give it to Barcelona in this one .
Prediction : Barcelona 5 – 2 on Aggregate
Bayern Munich vs Sevilla : This match should be pretty simple to figure out . In one hand , you have the best team in Germany . In the other , you have a Spanish club that lost to Leganes 2-1 . Sevilla are not a bad club by any means , they are talented up front , have a strong midfield , and a decent backline . However , Bayern Munich is an unstoppable force , one that can dominate any situation . With Lewandowski up front , followed by a cast of characters each strong enough to star on their own team , Bayern has been a dominant force in football for a long time . Sevilla have faced tough opponents before , and in a league where they play Real Madrid and Barcelona twice a year , are no strangers to superstars . However , Bayern presents as a different animal , with a strong backline , dominant midfield , and a propensity to play slow , methodical football . This pace will offset Sevilla pretty easily , as they do much better in an open , free flowing game . This leads me to believe that Bavaria should dominate this one from the jump . I have no doubt that Sevilla will put up some goals , Ben Yedder and Co. have wicked pace , and should be able to strike on the counter decently . However , Bayern will most likely be too much to overcome , and I expect this to be a smooth victory for Munich .
Prediction : Bayern Munich 6 – 2 on Aggregate
That wraps up my Quarter Finals predictions on the Champions League ! Thank you for reading , be sure to check back when the next round is announced for more previews and predictions . Do n't forget to check out our football podcast either , it is called Stoppage Time !
Hongkong Post 's automation systems can now read Chinese characters
Enabling automatic sorting and processing of more than 500,000 postal items with addresses written in traditional Chinese characters per hour
The Hongkong Post — a department under the Government of Hong Kong responsible for postal services — has upgraded its postal automation systems with NEC 's technology . The systems are now able to read and sort addresses written in traditional Chinese characters .
According to Hongkong Post , there has been an increase in the number of postal items addressed in traditional Chinese characters in the past few years . It has thus added the new capability to 15 systems that are operating at the Central Mail Centre in Kowloon Bay .
The move enables automatic sorting and processing of up to 564,000 postal items with addresses written in traditional Chinese characters per hour . This reduces the amount of time needed for processing , therefore increasing operational efficiency .
NEC began developing its postal automation system business in 1961 , and has since then delivered systems to postal operators in more than 50 countries around the world . Its long-time partnership with Hongkong Post started about 30 years ago , when the postal operator first introduced a postal automation system in the later half of the 1980s .
1
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — Pacers guard Glenn Robinson III could play Monday night as Indiana tries to even its playoff series with the Cavaliers .
Robinson , who has missed the past 12 games with a sprained left calf , took part in the team 's shootaround ahead of Game 2 . Robinson did n't dress for Saturday 's series opener , which the Pacers lost 109-108 to the defending NBA champions .
Robinson has n't played since March 22 after injuring themselves during a practice scrimmage .
Coach Nate McMillan is n't sure how much they can use the league 's slam dunk champion , who returned to practice on Sunday .
Robinson gives McMillan depth and another perimeter weapon to throw at the Cavaliers , whose defense has been suspect all season .
The 23-year-old Robinson averaged 6.1 points and 3.6 rebounds in 69 games .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Khalid ‘ s joint “ OTW ” is arguably one of the best songs this summer , and now we 've got a visual to accompany the jam .
The singer is joined by the track 's collaborators , 6LACK and Ty Dolla $ ign , for a video that throws it back to the early 2000 's . The videos open up with the musicians donning matching orange bomber jackets , and continues with the fun throughout the whole visual . If you miss the times when music videos used to be all over television , this one is for you .
Check out the music video for OTW and reminisce on the good ole days .
Watch : Khalid Releases New Video For “ OTW ” Featuring Ty Dolla $ ign & 6lack was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
The Binghamton Central School District has been awarded a $ 29 million grant from the New York State Office of Child and Family Services . They will receive $ 577,000 each year for the next five years in order to provide long-term afterschool programming to more than 400 students from Kindergarten through Seniors in high school .
`` We know that when we 're able to support our students outside of the school day as well as throughout the summer months , they will succeed both academically and socially , emotionally , and physically , '' said Tonia Thompson , Binghamton Central School District Superintendent .
We have been very successful at getting money into communities that experience high levels of poverty through the Empire State Poverty Reduction Initiative , which has also targeted the City of Binghamton and the surrounding urban areas . — Assemblywoman Donna Lupardo
The grant is funded by a $ 35 million appropriation in the 2018 State Budget , which helps `` high-needs '' schools .
`` The $ 35 million dollars is targeting some of the poorest communities in the state , '' said Lupardo .
The Binghamton program will focus on sustainability and will consist of STEAM ( Science , Technology , Engineering , Arts , and Mathematics ) related activities . The day-to-day operations will be run by district staff , high school students , and the Cornell Cooperative Extension of Broome County .
`` You 're going to see young people engaging in a variety of activities every day after school , which accentuates what 's happening in the classroom , '' said Victoria Giarratano , Cornell Cooperative Extension Executive Director .
Organizers say the program will begin shortly and take place over the course of the next 30 weeks plus four weeks during the summer .
Fans Do Not Want Hina 's Name To Be Dragged Unnecessarily !
A fan asked her , `` Vikas is all right na ? ? ? '' - ( sic ) . They replied , `` Ya why what hapnd . '' - ( sic ) . Another fan wrote , `` I do n't want you to comment or to be dragged in this matter . But cause of Vikas Gupta Whole Hina fandom is called of without doing anything wrong . It was their own fan who passed bad remarks for Karan Patel while their comments made us fall in the trap . '' - ( sic )
Hina Responds To The Fan 's Distasteful Comment !
Hina replied to the concerned fan , `` I always feel truth hs its own life n a unique but certain way of coming out . No point tryin to prove tht water is liquid if u know what I mean ! As a celebrity or as a fan we al cn always b smart bout r reactions on things . My dear Hinaholics you all are true and unique souls❤️ '' - ( sic )
The Ex-Bigg Boss Contestant Trolled For Them Goa Trip Pictures
Hina 's fan , who was disappointed that many trolled them for their Goa trip , wrote , `` @ eyehinakhan I listen lots of unfair things about you on your Goa trip I am very disappointed by this ... You want to say something about this ... '' - ( sic )
The Actress Reacts To The Trolls !
The actor replied to the concerned fan , `` I enjoyed my trip , and as a fan or as an appreciator if u love me , you shud also enjoy the moments I shared with u .. do n't care about the trollers or the media ( who acknowledge them ) and give them a voice .. likewise if we talk about it we do the same .. so think and ignore .. '' - ( sic )
‘ Kuch To Log Kahenge '
When a fan asked Hina to dedicate a song to hinaholics , they wrote , `` Kuch to log kahenge .. logun ka kaam hai kehna .. # HinaBoltiHaiAbhiBusHoGaya bole toh full stop ✋ '' - ( sic )
`` I am not anti-LeBron . I am actually a big LeBron fan as well , but when he 's going against Steph , I would rather Steph over LeBron , '' they said . `` But at the end of the day , I mean they are both great , great players , and I definitely respect everything that LeBron has done for this community and for this city and state . They are one of the greatest players to ever touch a basketball if you ask me . ''
Browns quarterback Tyrod Taylor had some advice for Randall when it comes to picking sides and making your opinion public on social media .
`` Do n't hit send , '' they said . `` Should have been smarter about the whole situation , about the tweet . Whether you feel that way or not , do n't tweet it . ''
Coach Hue Jackson , who plans to jump into Lake Erie on Friday to make good on a promise they made when the team was going 0-16 last season , knew Randall would get some heat for their tweet .
`` I think what Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here , and you 've got to be careful about what you say , '' Jackson said . `` I do n't think they meant any harm . I think they have a love and a respect for Curry , obviously . But they found out that , 'Hey , look , in this city it 's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James . ''
Jackson also used a comment made by James following Cleveland 's win in Boston on Sunday as a teaching tool for the Browns .
`` Just the other day , I was able to show them LeBron 's message to the media in Game 7 when they talked about team , '' they said .
`` I thought it was tremendous . I thought what they said about their other teammates and how they are a huge part of it and how people who have not played the game or wore shorts or been in a locker room understand what it takes to win . I thought that was sensational . I said that to our football team . ''
___
For more AP NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Tom Withers , The Associated Press
Gardaí are appealing for witnesses following yesterday 's serious collision in Monasterevin .
At approximately 12.30pm a 14-year-old boy was seriously injured when their bicycle collided with a 4x4 vehicle .
The collision occurred on the L7055 local road between Monasterevin and Oghill .
The boy was taken by ambulance to our Lady 's Children 's Hospital , Crumlin . The driver of the 4x4 , a man in their 30s , was uninjured . The scene was examined by Garda forensic collision investigators and the road has since reopened .
Anyone with information is asked to contact Kildare Garda Station on 045 5277730 or the Garda Confidential Line 1800 666 111 .
Why FG 's 2017 budget may hit brickwall
Stories by Adewale Sanyaolu
Except the Federal Government and the private sector works extrahard in the new year , Nigeria may run into a major crisis funding the 2017 budget . More worrisome is the fact that oil is to fund about 27 per cent of the N7.3 trillion 2017 budget .
Stakeholders have , however , expressed concern that unless government puts in place a holistic approach to end the agitations in the Niger Delta , resulting to endless bombings of critical oil and gas infrastructure , the dream to achieve 2.2 million barrels per day ( bpd ) premises for a $ 42.5 per barrel its encapsulated in the 2017 budget may never to be realised .
President Muhammadu Buhari had , while presenting the 2017 budget of N7.298 trillion to the National Assembly last December , said the budget proposal was based on a benchmark of $ 42.5 per barrel and an oil production estimate of 2.2 million bpd with an average exchange rate of N305 to the US dollar will be funded more by non-oil revenues .
The aggregate revenue available to fund the federal budget is N4.94 trillion , which is 28 per cent higher than that of 2016 , they said .
‘ ‘ We will now use oil revenues to revive our agriculture and industries . Though we can not control the price of crude oil , we are determined to get our production back to at least 2.2 million bpd . Consistent with the views which have also been expressed by the National Assembly , we will continue our engagement with the communities in the Niger Delta to ensure that there is minimum disruption to oil production .
“ The National Assembly , state and local governments , traditional rulers , civil society organisations and oil companies must also do their part in this engagement . We must all come together to ensure peace reigns in the Niger Delta . In addition , we will continue our ongoing reforms to enhance the efficiency of the management of our oil and gas resources , ” Buhari said during the budget presentation .
Niger Delta as barrier to 2017 budget success
The recent outburst of the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ( NNPC ) , Mr. Maikanti Baru , that the spate of attacks on NPDC oil and gas infrastructure in 2016 , cost the country a whopping N1.5 trillion was indeed worrisome .
The staggering amount is a source of concern to stakeholders , who warned that such level of attacks should not be allowed to continue in 2017 if the country is to achieve its aspiration of achieving a pass mark in its 2017 budget implementation .
And to ensure that similar fate does not befall the country in the New Year , Buhari has assured that the Federal Government will persuade Niger Delta militants to dialogue rather than fight for the control of oil resources in the region , adding that the government would persuade the agitators to dialogue and agree on measures to manage them .
Minister of State for Petroleum Resources , Mr. Ibe Kachikwu , had during the National Association of Energy Correspondents Conference ( NAEC ) in Lagos lamented that militancy in the Niger Delta has destabilised the country 's oil industry and that Nigeria needs to up its production by 1.1 million bpd to meet target .
Kachikwu said the attacks have led to 60 per cent decline of gas production , revealing that between 2010 and 2015 , the industry recorded 3,000 incidents .
According to him , 643 million litres of petroleum products amounting to N51.28 billion was lost in 2015 , between January and June 2016 , 1,600 incidents recorded resulting in a loss of 109 million litres of petroleum products and 560,000 barrels of crude oil to refineries .
Furthermore , they said about 850 million standard cubic feet of gas production had been shut in due to impact of the crises .
Role of NNPC in ensuring production stability
To put an end to the menace , the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ( NNPC ) has vowed to continue to find sustainable solution to the challenge posed by insurgency in the Niger Delta by intensifying stakeholders ' engagement to sustain peace .
The corporation said it had created security management platforms that would enable it identify and evaluate risks , develop and superintend implementation of investigations , and aggregate and deploy necessary resources to guarantee peaceful business environment in the region .
Baru stated this in an end of year message to staff of the corporation in Abuja , stressing that NNPC was committed to implementing a robust security and stakeholders ' strategy that would ensure that peace reigns in the industry 's operational areas .
Baru attributed the recent increase in the country 's oil and gas reserves to 37 billion barrels and 192Tcf respectively to the relative peace that was instituted in the Niger Delta .
Global perspective
As recently admitted by Buhari during their 2017 budget presentation to the National Assembly that Nigeria does not have control over oil prices , the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) is doing all it can to ensure that it props up oil prices .
Rising from its 171st meeting held at OPEC headquarters in Vienna on November 30 , 2016 , OPEC reached a landmark deal that will effectively cut production by about 1.2 million bpd or about 4.5 per cent of current production to 32.5 million bpd . The agreement follows an earlier meeting held in September in Algeria where each member country reached a consensus on the need to cut production .
This was the first time since 2008 , that OPEC would be accomplishing such a feat , which is expected to tackle the key challenge of low price of oil in the international market , which has affected the global economy with most OPEC member countries , including Nigeria , feeling the impact .
Member countries at the meeting agreed on the deal where considerations of the cartel offered to Iran , Libya and Nigeria would mean that in 2017 , total production might likely increase even as other members seek to cut output in the first quarter of next year .
In the agreement where the countries are exempt from the production , Nigeria was accommodated due to some of the oil and gas facilities damaged by militant attacks in recent months .
Trump Presidency/Nigeria 's oil , gas industry
The United States ( US ) imports of Nigerian crude increased to 303,000 bpd by mid-November , according to OPEC 's December monthly report . This is a significant improvement from the 234,000 , 241,000 and 218,000 barrels of oil from Nigeria in April , May and June respectively .
Today however , the country 's crude oil import from Nigeria had declined from the 10.125 million barrels it recorded in April to 4.755 million barrels in May . This is because the US has also begun exporting crude oil to other countries since the removal of restrictions .
On the other hand , the number of countries receiving exported US crude oil had risen since its removal in December 2015 . Recent statistics from the NNPC revealed that India with 7.7 million barrels ( mb ) ; Spain , 4.5mb ; Netherland , 5.1mb , were the biggest importers of the country 's crude oil in May this year .
However , after Trump 's victory , there is anxiety on how their administration is going to manage the relationship between Nigeria and the US in respect of crude oil export . Already , experts are of the opinion that Donald Trump 's hostility toward trade with OPEC and interest in the US energy security should be a source of worry to Nigeria , which is a member of OPEC .
In their America First Energy Plan , Trump said the US should “ become , and stay , totally independent of any need to import energy from the OPEC cartel or any nation hostile to our interests . ”
Although Trump has not publicly declared war against OPEC since becoming President-elect of the US , their campaign promises indicate they would likely adopt policies in favour of increasing fossil fuel ( oil , gas and coal ) output , which may reduce import from Nigeria .
Trump 's proposals or what they call “ energy revolution ” , including open onshore and offshore leasing on federal lands , eliminate moratorium on coal leasing and open shale energy deposits .
Nigeria 's petroleum sector needs urgent reforms –NSE boss
President of the Nigerian Stock Exchange ( NSE ) , Mr. Aigboje Aig-Imoukhuede , has advocated that the country effect a drastic reform of its petroleum sector to ensure that the greater chunk of the business in the sector is handled by the private sector .
The NSE boss spoke while delivering a lecture , “ A New Role for the Petroleum Industry in the Nigerian Economy ” at the annual end of the year guarantors ' dinner organised by the Petroleum Club in Lagos recently .
Aig-Imoukhuede charged members of the Petroleum Club to work with the government in ensuring a more private sector-led petroleum sector where majority of Nigerians would be proud to own equity in various businesses in the sector .
According to him , the government ownership and control of majority equity in the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ( NNPC ) as well as in other oil and gas businesses aside promoting and sustaining a culture of graft , was not helping in ongoing efforts geared at unlocking the full potential of the industry for national growth and prosperity . A deregulated petroleum industry akin to what is happening in the banking sector is what the country needs , they said .
Aig-Imoukhuede described the continuous running of the NNPC by the Federal Government as “ a distraction ” , noting that it also encourages rent-seeking and intense pursuit of opportunities by Nigerians with no value added in terms of technological inventions to the industry .
They decried the loss of over N2 trillion to a fuel subsidy scam in the industry , saying it was the structure of the industry that allowed a few to enrich themselves through arbitrary or fraudulent means .
“ In 2011 , Nigeria paid over N2 trillion in fuel subsidy . Subsequently , it was established , and I know this and saw it , that over N1 trillion of these payments were based on fraudulent claims , ” they said .
They advocated the reform of the sector to make it a platform for creating wealth for thousands and millions of Nigerians instead of the present system where few operators are milking the system .
This post was syndicated from The Sun News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There are many things about South Florida football that colleges and universities just rave about .
From top prospects to coaches , colleges have fallen in love with this area of the country .
While we begin our Countdown To Kickoff 2017 , it 's the coaching staffs that are often overlooked – for their ability to not only coach , but also teach , play father figure and be the one who is the most organized .
What many college coaches have long believed is that when you come to South Florida , you are not just checking out some of the nation 's elite difference makers , but the men and women who have helped many of these future college and NFL stars reach that level are often overlooked .
Underpaid , under-appreciated and often misunderstood , the high school coaching in South Florida has been , through the decades , the best anywhere .
For the lowest of pay and sometimes the least of rewards , many of these coaches in the # 305 and # 954 have grown up with this passion . Ice Harris of Booker T. Washington , Roland Smith from Miami Central , Roger Harriott , Southridge 's record-setting Billy Rolle and North Miami Beach 's Jeff Bertani grew up on the streets of Miami-Dade and Broward . They know the struggles and understand that sometimes you have to give a lot more than you get back .
These coaches are a lifeline to these families . Most have 10-15 year relationships that began at the youth level – on Saturday 's .
Pasadena Lakes , Lauderdale Lakes , Miami Gardens , Richmond , Palmetto , Overtown , Northside , Pompano Cowboys and Chiefs , PPO , Gwen Cherry , Liberty City and the Fort Lauderdale Hurricanes is where many of these coaches started something that never ends .
Nearly every college coach that comes down for the spring will tell you about the value of high school coaches in this region .
No matter what school you find , they will all tell stories about how much knowledge and what an impact many of these South Florida coaches make – with little in return .
The public school coaching salary is joke . It has long been such a nightmare that we have lost very good coaches to places such as Georgia and Texas – both with far inferior NFL-type of talent .
Because both school systems have been so strapped financially and have had a tough time giving any teacher raises at all , paying a high school coach $ 90,000 a year plus a house , car and anything else the school 's want to provide , is never going to happen here . NEVER !
That 's why we take a look in our COUNTDOWN TO 2017 with a look at some of the top coaching staffs in Miami-Dade and Broward Counties . While winning is always important , development goes a long way as well .
There are a few programs who changed coaching staffs , so we will wait until watching them this coming year – and no – we did n't leave anyone off !
AMERICAN HERITAGE-PLANTATION : After their first season as a head coach , Pat Surtain more than passed the test – when their Patriots went unbeaten and won the 5A state title . A huge reason why this program won was a coaching staff that is easily is good as you get .
BOOKER T. WASHINGTON : We say it every year : When Harris is in charge and their name is on the program , nobody has the pride that this veteran head coach has . They have a staff that is one of those unique mixes of younger and more experienced . Solid group who continues coach as well as any .
CENTRAL : Roland Smith has always been a student of the game . As a player and as a coach , they have always been the guy who steps up and makes good decisions . Their coaching staff has taken a hit over the past few years , but the Rockets are still well coached and stocked with talent .
CHAMINADE-MADONNA : Even though it was their first year as head coach at the school , head coach Dameon Jones and their staff worked hard to teach and get on the same page . We know what they can do when they have people they can trust .
CHAMPAGNAT CATHOLIC : Over the past two seasons , head coach Dennis Marroquin and their very talented coaching staff has truly made an impact for the state 2A runner-up Lions .
CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS : One of the coaches who are always up there every year – because Chris Merritt knows how to coach this game . Discipline , loyal assistants , solid football players and a system that has worked for decades under the veteran South Florida head coach .
DEERFIELD BEACH : Here is a program that has always had the talent available to them , but in the past three years , head coach Jevon Glenn and their tremendous staff have developed some tremendous college-bound football talent .
NORTHWESTERN : Love Max Edwards because they have lived up to everything that was said before taking the job with the Bulls . Very good defensive mind who loves football and has surrounded themselves with tremendous coaches who they trust and have shown what they can do to develop .
SOUTH DADE : Here is a program that plays competitive football every year , and then like this season , has enough talent and momentum , under veteran head coach Nate Hudson and their assistants to make a solid run .
SOUTHRIDGE : Head Coach Billy Rolle has always been very solid – when it comes to putting programs together . With the Spartans they have a staff that knows the game and the players , which is a huge advantage .
ST. THOMAS AQUINAS : Head coach Roger Harriott wins because they are a solid football coach – and they know how to let their assistants coach . Their staff , obviously with the addition of Hall of Famer Jason Taylor , is very good , but they all relate to the players and the administration .
Catch the South Florida High Sports Radio Show each Monday night ( 9-10 ) on WQAM ( 560AM ) . For the past 10 years , the players and coaches who are making the headlines , join the program . You will learn a lot !
Sri Lanka says it 's a way for it to help claw its way out of debt . China says it 's a strictly commercial deal for one of its state firms .
But analysts say the Hambantota port on the southern tip of Sri Lanka is part of Beijing 's bigger push to challenge US naval dominance in the Indian Ocean and New Delhi 's influence in the region .
Last month state-owned China Merchants Port paid US $ 1.12 billion to the Sri Lankan government for a 70 per cent stake in the facility .
The deal covers an area roughly twice the size of Macau and includes plans to develop a neighbouring industrial zone .
China Merchants said the facility would be developed into “ a major industrial and service port ” .
It 's the second time China has bought into a Sri Lankan port – it took an 85 per cent stake in the Port of Colombo on the country 's west coast in 2013 .
Chinese interests have also bought into other harbour projects in Myanmar , Pakistan and Sudan , raising speculation that Beijing aims to establish a series of bases , or “ string of pearls ” , from the Middle East to China , containing India 's reach .
China has already established one such base in Djibouti in the Horn of Africa , although Beijing refers to it as a logistics facility .
The deal comes as India and China are locked in a tense stand-off in a contested area of the Himalayas . Beijing is also trying to expand its presence in India 's backyard , with a visit by Vice-Premier Wang Yang to Nepal later this month .
Colombo , which has strong traditional and cultural ties with India , has rejected claims that China will use the Hambantota port for strategic purposes .
“ We told China that we ca n't allow the port for military use and that 100 per cent responsibility of security matters should be with the Sri Lankan government , ” Sri Lankan Ports and Shipping Minister Mahinda Samarasinghe told Reuters in last month .
Nevertheless , Beijing will undoubtedly project its military power as its economic interests grow , according to Li Li , a Southeast Asia researcher from the China Institutes of Contemporary International Relations .
“ As China emerges as a great economic power on the world stage , it 's foreseeable that it will deploy military power to protect the country 's interests , ” Li said .
“ It will certainly not be about fighting wars , but China will see if there is a need for military protection over the Indian Ocean .
“ We will need time to observe how closely Sri Lanka maintains its relations with both India and China , and ultimately how it prioritises their interests . ”
Madhav Das Nalapat , director of the department of geopolitics and international relations at Manipal University , agreed the Hambantota deal had security implications but said it was more of a concern for the United States than for India .
“ The port , when fully developed , will affect the present US dominance in the Indian Ocean . China is becoming a player in the Indian Ocean , not just at the tip of South Asia but in the Persian Gulf as well , and this is a challenge to the US , ” Nalapat said .
But Professor Wang Dehua , from the Shanghai Municipal Centre for International Studies , said the international community was speculating too much about China 's military ambitions .
“ The major objective of the deal is to prepare for an increase in China 's maritime trade , ” Wang said .
China already ships more than 80 per cent of its oil imports from the Middle East through the Strait of Malacca , a waterway that runs between Indonesia , Malaysia and Singapore , and links the Indian Ocean and the South China Sea .
“ With the Hambantota port , China could have an alternative route or station for its vessels in the Indian Ocean , ” Wang said .
( Source : South China Morning Post )
Two Dallas police officers and a civilian have been shot near The Home Depot in northeast Dallas , police confirm . ( Published 2 hours ago )
Dallas Police Chief Renee Hall is expected to provide an update at 7:30 p.m. , which can be viewed live in the above video player .
Two Dallas police officers and a civilian were shot in northeast Dallas Thursday afternoon . Multiple sources have confirmed to NBC DFW that one of the officers has died .
The shooting happened at about 4:30 p.m. outside The Home Depot in the 11600 block of Forest Central Drive .
One person was transported to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas , according to a hospital spokesperson .
The civilian 's condition is not known at this time . Dallas Police Chief Renee Hall said the civilian is a loss prevention officer at The Home Depot .
The shooter is still at large .
Officers are currently searching for 29-year-old Armando Luis Juarez , who they are calling a `` person of interest . '' The photo is a mugshot from January when Juarez was arrested for unlawful use of a vehicle .
A baseball game at nearby Dallas Lutheran High School is on lockdown while the search continues for a gunman . Everyone at the game is locked inside the school .
Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings sent out a statement on Twitter after the shooting .
Gov . Greg Abbott also tweeted about the incident .
Check back and refresh this page for the latest update . As this story is developing , elements may change .
By Music News Group
Rise RecordsAt the Drive In has premiered the video for their song “ Call Broken Arrow. ” The clip serves as a prequel to the previously released “ Hostage Stamps ” visual , and takes place in the same creepy , stop-motion animated world .
The “ Call Broken Arrow ” video also finds the protagonist battling a pair of giants , mechanized spiders . It 's like a post-hardcore version of the Wild Wild West movie . You can watch the video now on YouTube .
Both “ Call Broken Arrow ” and “ Hostage Stamps ” are tracks from At the Drive In 's new album , in•ter a•li•a , which was released earlier this year . in•ter a•li•a is the band 's first new LP in 17 years .
At the Drive In is currently on tour in Europe . They 'll return to the U.S. in September to play Chicago 's Riot Fest .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Source : : Music News
WASHINGTON — There have been no considerations or discussions to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , three White House officials told NBC News on Friday , hours after Trump skirted questions from reporters about whether they still had confidence in Rosenstein .
`` You figure that one out , '' Trump told reporters in the Oval Office on Friday morning . The questions came moments before the House released a controversial memo that alleged FBI bias against Trump and their associates .
Trump declassified the entire three-and-a-half page document , drafted by White House ally and House Intelligence Committee chairperson , Rep. Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , despite objections by top brass at the FBI and Department of Justice .
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein listens while US Attorney General Jeff Sessions speaks at the Department of Justice during an announcement about leaking of classified information Brendan Smialovski / AFP - Getty Images
Rosenstein , in tandem with FBI Director Chris Wray — a Trump appointee — stood in opposition to the memo 's release and appealed to White House chief of staff John Kelly earlier in the week in an attempt to stop it , two sources with knowledge of the matter confirmed to NBC News at the time .
After its release Friday , some said they worried the document could be used by Trump to justify firing the deputy attorney general .
`` I think there 's a grave concern that the president , who 's looking for any pretext to get rid of anyone who does n't swear fealty to him , might use it to argue against Rod Rosenstein , '' Rep. Adam Schiff of California , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee and among the most outspoken critics of the memo 's release , said Friday .
Trump reportedly asked Rosenstein during a December meeting if they were `` on my team , '' according to a CNN report .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump says political biases revealed in memo ' a disgrace ' 0:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The president began the day Friday by lashing out at top law enforcement officials for politicizing `` the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans , '' making clear that they are n't including the `` Rank & File '' in their criticism .
Just before the memo was released , Trump fielded questions from a group of reporters about the document , calling it `` a disgrace what 's going on in this country '' and saying that `` a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves . ''
Putting the unprecedented moment into context Friday , former CIA Director John McLaughlin told MSNBC : `` It 's worth saying in a single sentence what 's happening : We have the president of the United States now having issued to the American public a memo that the director of the FBI says is false . That has never happened in our democracy . ''
By Sayoh Kamara , PRO-MoF
The newly appointed Minister of the re-established Ministry of Planning and Economic Development ( MoPED ) , has held their maiden meeting with senior officials of Ministries , Departments and Agencies ( MDAs ) to explain how they intend to robustly implement the mandate of the Ministry through collaboration in order to achieve its objectives .
Minister Nabeela Farida Tunis ( Mrs ) met with over forty ( 40 ) Permanent Secretaries and Senior Secretaries of Ministries and Heads of Departments and Agencies ( MDAs ) on Friday , 25th May 2018 in the Conference Hall of the Ministry of Finance and was assisted by the Deputy Minister designate , Dr. Robert Tamba Michael Chakanda . The meeting was chaired by the Development Secretary , Mr. John Sumailah .
In their opening remarks , Mr. Sumailah noted the meeting was aimed at repositioning the re-established Ministry in the development of the country through Planning , Research and Monitoring . They informed that the primary focus of the Ministry is to put in motion work for a new Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper ( PRSP ) that will set the socio-economic development agenda of Government under the New Direction led by H.E . Brig . ( Rtd ) Julius Maada Bio . The existing PRSP , the Agenda for Prosperity , they further noted , expires at the end of 2018 . They pointed out that the expectation of the masses for Government to deliver on its promises is very high , and therefore called on the MDAs to stand up to the challenge of ensuring that the PRSP IV is completed on time .
While welcoming their guests and expressing kind sentiments for their huge turnout , Minister Nabeela Tunis noted that together with the heads of the MDAs , they and their staff are determined to take critical steps that are aimed at establishing robust institutional policies and structures for the effective delivery of the mandate of the Ministry .
They explained that the central mandate of the Ministry is to plan , coordinate and monitor Government 's development programmes to ensure they have maximum positive impact on the lives of citizens .
They called for a strong partnership with the MDAs and development partners , noting that the Ministry alone can not deliver the required successes without the support and cooperation of the MDAS and other development partners .
The Planning and Economic Development Minister announced that wide range consultations on the format of the emerging PRSP IV will start in earnest on 1st June 2018 and that the entire process will end on 30th November 2018 .
They however noted that challenges are always bound to be along the tracks of development , but stressed the need to finding answers to those challenges rather than focusing on the challenges themselves . “ We can not just continue focusing on those challenges , when as a matter of fact , we need to move on , ” they pointed out .
A brilliant presentation on the direction and structure of the new PRSP was done by Dr. Sheka Bangura , who described the key role of the Ministry of Planning and Economic Development as one that provides strategic thinking to inform national development policy direction through rigorous research , analysis and planning of implementation .
Questions and answers from the audience were entertained , which according to the Development Secretary , would form a critical basis for the new PRSP to provide the required policy direction for the next phase of the country 's development .
The meeting ended on a very high note with each MDA requested to begin the process of gathering relevant information to be imputed into the template that would be sent to them by the Ministry .
Americana singer-songwriter Shelly Waters is set to release their new , self-titled album on July 28 .
Waters is the daughter of Jimmie and Charlene Pellerin of Rayne and is a 1986 graduate of Rayne High School .
They last performed in Rayne on March 14 , 2015 , at the American Legion Home for the release party of their Drive CD .
Announcement and a review of Waters ' new CD was made recently on broadwayworld.com . It follows .
The Evidence of Waters ' jambalaya-like recipe of sonic spices — and then some — are found within each of the dozen tasty tracks on Shelly Waters , which was recorded in Nashville with renowned producer and multi-instrumentalist Josh Kaler .
“ I feel like this record is the true representation of what I feel when I play the music that I love , ” said Waters . “ This is Shelly . This is me . This is a reflection , and this is a representation of me . ”
Waters ' musical roots run as deep and wide as the mighty Mississippi River that snakes through their home state of Louisiana . Them sound is the epitome of the holy tonal trinity of blues , country , and rock .
“ I want my music to represent all of those genres — because that 's what I love best — and I love blending those sounds together , ” Waters affirms . “ Growing up in South Louisiana I listened to a lot of swamp pop , old R & B , and rock ‘ n ' roll . Those tones and those iconic voices are what I 'm drawn to and that 's what I feel the most comfortable singing .
“ My music is Americana through and through . ”
The uniqueness of Waters ' powerful and haunting voice brings their music to life and their lyrics betray a life filled with twists , turns , and adventure .
From the very first time the pick hits the strings on the album 's opening track “ Drink the Water , ” resonances of the brilliant Etta James ' masterwork “ I 'd Rather Go Blind ” flood your senses .
“ Red Hot Red ” burns with a current classic country vibe . With “ Jackpot ” and “ Knew You When , ” the listener gets the first hint of what a Louisiana swamp would look , feel , and sound like .
“ Time for a Change ” is a refreshing shift in pace that connects the musical dots back to the Bob Dylan nugget “ I Want You . ”
Song sequence on an album is so often key . On Shelly Waters , “ Lost My Way ” and “ Blood Sweat and Tears ” serve as the perfect opening acts for the oh-so-appropriate closing track , Waters ' terrific take on Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers ' “ Louisiana Rain. ” The perfect sonic nightcap to an intoxicating collection of top-shelf tracks , the imagery of where the road and rain meet the Gulf Coast waters that haunts Petty 's number fits Waters ' long road to making music to a tee .
From intimate coffee shops to festival crowds of more than 10,000 , Waters ' winding musical road has led them to share stages with a wide spectrum of artists as diverse as the legendary Loretta Lynn to the amazing Alynda Lee Segarra ( Hurray for the Riff Raff ) .
Waters has also shared a billing with Randall Bramblett , Curley Taylor and Zydeco Trouble , Kim Simmonds , Savoy Brown , Kitty Wells , Mel Tillis , and a host of other well-known musicians .
While Waters ' unforgettable voice and unique blend of genres have captivated audiences for years , their journey began in a sleepy Louisiana town called Rayne .
Shelly Pellerin Waters was born to a Cajun-French family and was raised on a farm in Rayne . When they were 10 years old , they began taking guitar lessons , and , being a quick study , at the tender age of 11 , Waters joined J.B. David and the Mule Skinners , a local French Cajun band .
The band played in Cajun dance halls , private events , and music festivals as far away as Nova Scotia . Touring with a band and signing autographs was quite an adventure for the 11-year-old .
After a year with the Mule Skinners , Waters started their own country band , Shelly and Southern Spice . The band played locally and regionally for many years . Along the way , Waters ' heartfelt rendition of Percy Sledge 's “ When A Man Loves A Woman ” — performed in a college beauty pageant — helped land them a chance to compete for the title of Miss Louisiana America .
As they entered their 20s , Waters had the stage chops of a showbiz lifer and they began getting inquiries from labels and others interested in helping them move to the next level . But this is where Waters ' story runs off the smooth , flat concrete of I-10 and into the murky bayou waters .
“ Life happened , ” Waters demurs . Amazingly , they say this without a trace of regret .
Waters ' path has led them from Louisiana to Texas to South Carolina and now to Maine . Along the road they experienced the ups , downs , and thrills of life . I ventures and adventures included earning a US Coast Guard Captain 's License , living for eight years on a sailboat in the South Carolina Lowcountry and sailing over 20,000 nautical miles .
While Waters continued to dabble in music , it was n't until 2013 that they found their way into songwriting . Them debut album of original music , Drive , was produced by Grammy-nominated guitar phenomena Joe Taylor and released to critical acclaim in 2014 . In 2016 , Charleston City Paper selected them as a “ Best of Charleston ” Female Vocalist Nominee .
Waters plans to tour in support of their forthcoming album ; tour dates will be announced soon .
For more visit : www.shellywaters.net
Bonner hits out a 'crazy ' schedule 17 April 2017
Donegal manager Declan Bonner .
©INPHO/Presseye/John McVitty . Donegal manager Declan Bonner.©INPHO/Presseye/John McVitty .
Declan Bonner believes it was unfair to expect their Donegal U21 team play an All-Ireland semi-final just five days after winning the Ulster title .
Bonner 's highly-rated charges looked flat as they succumbed to a 0-9 to 1-13 loss to Dublin at Kingspan Breffni Park on Saturday .
“ It 's crazy to be quite honest , '' the Donegal manager complained of their side 's schedule in the Irish Times .
`` We had to turn around after an Ulster final in five days and play that match . It 's not fair on the players or anyone else involved and Ulster Council would need to take a good look at themselves in terms of why this was the case . There was no Plan B in place . Every other province had a two-week break before an Ireland semi- final . ”
Bonner 's Dublin counterpart Dessie Farrell had some sympathy for the newly-crowned Ulster champions .
“ Donegal were a little flat coming into this ; their schedule was hectic . They would have wanted to be super human for that not to have had an impact , and that probably came against them today .
“ But look , we can only do what we can do and we are happy to be going to an All-Ireland final , '' they said .
XENIA , Ohio ( WDTN ) – The city of Xenia needs volunteers to help out with First Friday events .
Volunteers will need to help the first Friday of every month through July from 5:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m .
There are several jobs for volunteers to work at during the community events .
T-shirts and training will be provided to the volunteers before the events .
The list of jobs for the events and the volunteer information can be found here .
Esha Gupta ruled Page 3 continuously after posting their nude pictures on Instagram . They were trolled and slut-shamed for the same . Some even said that they have posted all these pictures just to get attention .
But Esha Gupta is least bothered about the negativity . In a recent interview to a leading daily , they said that they have gone naked and topless during modelling days too .
Women Are Blamed For Everything In Our Country `` In our country , women are eternally blamed . They are accused when a girl child is born ; they are accused even when they are raped . So , somewhere I knew that I will also have to face a lot of heat . '' I Have Done Shoots Like This When I Was A Model `` After all , it 's easiest for some faceless and redundant people to pull a celebrity down at the first opportunity . I 've done shoots like this one when I was a model . '' I Have Gone Topless & Naked Too I 've gone topless and naked , too . No one ever asked me about that . And who are these people who have ‘ issues ' with my pictures ? '' It 's My Body `` It 's my body and it 's been shot aesthetically . There 's a thin line , which if you cross , you look vulgar. `` My Pictures Are Not Vulgar `` No one can say my pictures are vulgar . I got more love than hate , but it 's better to be hated than to be forgotten . And right now , I 'm in my best shape . Although we knew where this could lead , we thought , ‘ If not now , then when ? '' Men Tend To Have A Problem If A Woman Goes Bold `` Men tend to have a problem if a woman goes bold . Their manhood is challenged . '' Men Must Have Saved These Pictures On their Phone `` They are prudes , they must have even saved these pictures on their phone . And here we are in the country of Ajanta and Ellora , and Kama Sutra , objecting to a woman 's photo-shoot which they have done on their own will . So , my attitude is , ‘ S * * * w them ' and that 's the point I wanted to make . '' I Did n't Want To Hold Back These Pictures `` The pictures turned out so beautiful that I did n't want to hold them back . The thing is that I 've been comfortable and confident about my body all along . '' My Family Does n't Pay Much Attention `` I 'm blessed with the nicest family . Initially , they were taken aback with the way this place functions and how everything from an engagement to a break-up becomes news . But today , they do n't pay much attention . '' I Am Not A Girl From The Woods `` As a law graduate , I know what I 'm doing . I 've survived this industry on my terms and that 's not changing . I 'm not a girl from the woods who have , made it here . '' '' And for those ready to give me lessons on behaving Indian , I 'm , more Indian they can be.My father has served the nation and I represented it proudly on an international platform ( Miss India and Miss Universe ) . '' Did Bollywood React After Seeing Them Bold Pictures ? `` Yes . Some of them did . Like Milan Luthria ( her Baadshaho director ) told me , ‘ You 're killing it with these photos . I 'll be there for you if you need arises . ' I 'm relieved and happy ( hearing this ) . ''
So readers , do you agree with Esha Gupta ? Share your views with us by posting your comments below .
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news , analyze , spot risks and opportunities .
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT .
By LISA BAUMANN
SEATTLE ( AP ) — A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by President Barack Obama 's administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country .
Daniel Ramirez Medina , 23 , was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who went to the suburban Seattle home to arrest the man 's father . ICE spokesperson Rose Richeson said in a statement that agents were there targeting a “ prior-deported felon . ”
Ramirez , however , was brought to the U.S. from Mexico when they were 7 and has a work permit under Obama 's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program . They also have a job , a young son and no criminal record , Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams said . Ramirez is being held in Tacoma .
Richeson said Ramirez told agents they were a gang member and based on those statements and being a “ risk to public safety , ” they were taken into custody .
But Mark Rosenbaum , one of Ramirez 's lawyers , responded later Tuesday that Ramirez “ unequivocally denies being in a gang ” and that the statement from Richeson is inaccurate .
“ While in custody , they were repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit affiliation , ” Rosenbaum said .
Adams said Ramirez is the first person they know of with DACA status who has been detained .
“ This appears to be a complete one-off . We certainly have n't seen this with our other hundreds of clients who have DACA status as well . ”
Attorneys for Ramirez challenged their detention in federal court in Seattle Monday , arguing the arrest violates their constitutional rights to live and work in this country without the fear of arrest and deportation so long as they satisfy DACA requirements .
“ Trust in our government depends upon the Executive Branch keeping its word , ” Rosenbaum , director of Public Counsel 's Opportunity Under Law Project , said in a statement . “ Bait and switch sullies the integrity of our nation 's core values . ”
Emily Langlie , a spokesperson for the US attorney 's office in Seattle , said Tuesday afternoon it would be premature to comment on the lawsuit .
Recent sweeps by U.S. immigration agents across multiple states have netted some immigrants with no criminal records , a departure from enforcement actions in the last decade . Under the Obama administration , agents focused more narrowly on individuals who posed a security or public safety threat .
President Donald Trump made illegal immigration a cornerstone of their campaign , saying they will build a wall along the Mexican border and deport millions of people , although actual plans have yet to be revealed . They have said they want to focus on people who have committed crimes .
During an interview with Time magazine late last year , Trump expressed sympathy for the more than 740,000 people in the DACA program , which started in 2012 .
“ We 're going to work something out that 's going to make people happy and proud , ” they told the magazine .
Trump can withdraw the promised protection right away through an “ operational memo ” because Obama implemented it through one , William Stock , president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association , said previously .
Adams said they believe Ramirez was apprehended by mistake .
“ I do n't think this has to do with any change in policy ; I just think it was an enforcement procedure gone wrong , ” Adams said . “ Hopefully they 're going to come to their senses . ”
___
This story has been changed to reflect the correct spelling of Emily Langlie 's last name .
On a scale of 1-10 , waiting for summer is about a 10 on the misery scale , but thankfully , Ben & Jerry 's made that wait a little more tolerable by releasing their summer flavors . Get your spoons ready , because one of them is a reboot of the classic s'mores .
Gim me S'more takes the brand 's s'mores flavor ( chocolate ice cream , fudge chunks , marshmallow , and graham cracker swirls ) and gives it an upgrade with a toasted marshmallow base instead of the chocolate ice cream base .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
This may not seem like a huge difference , but it 's a game changer in terms of how close this ice cream will taste to a literal s'more . `` The toasted marshmallow ice cream base adds a new level and depth of flavor , '' Ben & Jerry 's flavor guru Eric Fredette said in a press release . To make things even better , the new flavor has chocolate cookie swirls , graham cracker swirls , and fudge flakes .
Gim me S'more is a limited batch release , which means it wo n't be around forever . It should be available in Ben & Jerry 's Scoop Shops and grocery stores mid-March .
If you need me , I 'll be cracking open a pint of this while watching virtual campfire vids on YouTube and praying for the month of June . Thanks !
Follow Emma on Instagram .
ROCK SPRINGS – Dr. Banu Symington joined the Memorial Hospital of Sweetwater County staff Feb. 1 , working as a hematologist/oncologist .
Symington will work at Sweetwater Regional Cancer Center with radiation oncologist Dr. Zachary Nicholas and the health care team to provide cancer treatment . Hematology is the study of blood disorders such as leukemia and sickle cell anemia . Oncology is the study of cancer .
Symington will work with the healthcare team that now provides cancer treatment at the state-of-the-art facility at the 1180 College Drive location .
Symington worked for MHSC as an internist and hematologist/oncologist from 1995 to 2004 . They then worked as a hematologist/oncologist for Mountain States Tumor Institute-St. Luke 's Magic Valley Medical Center in Twin Falls , Idaho .
Now that she 's back , Symington wants to increase community awareness of the care Sweetwater Regional Cancer Center has to offer . Symington wants to work with southwestern Wyoming residents and local doctors to make sure patients no longer need to travel long distances outside of Sweetwater County for treatment .
Symington hopes to help the facility earn accreditation as a center for clinical trials through an organization like SWOG ( formerly the Southwest Oncology Group ) , a group that is supported by the National Cancer Institute and one that conducts clinical trials in adult cancers . Symington is a member of several SWOG committees and has collaborated with Huntsman Cancer Institute physicians since 1996 . Sweetwater Cancer Center is an affiliate of Salt Lake City-based Huntsman .
Earlier in their career , Symington worked as a staff scientist at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center , and the Seattle Biomedical Research Institute , both in Seattle . They have won numerous research and clinical investigator awards .
While at St. Luke 's , they served as chairperson of the Medical Executive Committee , the Credentials Committee , and the Oversight Committee .
Symington said that the people , the wide open spaces , and the abundant rocks are what lured them back to Sweetwater County .
Prithviraj has some big and prestigious projects in their kitty and one among This is the upcoming period movie Kaaliyan , the official announcement of which was made a few months ago . It was announced that the big budget venture will be directed by S Mahesh and will have its script penned by BT Anil Kumar . The movie also will pave way for the entry of popular music director Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy to the Malayalam film industry .
Meanwhile , Prithviraj is busy with the works of their other upcoming ventures . The audiences have been eager to know about the commencement of shoot of Kaaliyan . Now , certain updates have been doing the rounds regarding the same on the social media .
According to the reports , Rajeev Nair , the producer of Kaaliyan had met Prithviraj in the sets of the actor 's upcoming film 9 . The photos of the same have been doing the rounds on social media . According to a Facebook post send out by POFFACTIO , the producer was there to discuss about the pre-production works of Kaaliyan and the team is expected to begin the shoot by the second half of 2019 .
The Facebook post by POOFACTIO is read as `` # Kaaliyan producer Rajeev Nair ( Magic Moon Productions ) with Prithviraj Sukumaran at 9 - Movie location Manali , for discussion on pre-production updates and shooting schedules .. We are expecting to start on second half of 2019 ! Need your prayers and support for the upcoming audition and pre-production works .. Thank you .. ( sic )
ILOILO – The new warden of Iloilo District Jail ( IDJ ) , Superintendent Jhon Montero , is in favor of the proposal to install cellphone signal jammers at the prison facility .
“ They would really be a big help in our campaign against illegal drugs at the IDJ , ” Montero told Panay News .
The move would also dispel suspicions that IDJ personnel were in cahoots with high-profile drugs personalities carrying out drug deals at the facility even while in detention , they added .
“ I want to cleanse our name . I have so many projects to improve the facility , ” said Montero .
To disrupt these illegal transactions , Senior Superintendent Marlon Tayaba , provincial police director , proposed the installation of signal jammers .
“ Meron pa ring transactions . Ang mga nandoon ay high-profile inmates involved in the illegal drug trade , ” Tayaba told officers and members of the Iloilo Peace and Order Council during a meeting at the provincial capitol .
These drug deals were not only provincial but regional in scope , they added .
“ I have some plans like prohibiting inmates from leaving their cells if there are no activities , ” said Montero .
They acknowledged that the frisking of jail visitors may not be enough to keep the IDJ free from contrabands .
On Oct. 1 , an unannounced inspection at the IDJ yielded eight sachets of shabu .
The sachets were found in cell No . 51 where 50-year-old drug suspect Marque “ Boboy ” Acap Sr. was detained .
But Acap was not the sole occupant of the cell ; there were other inmates./PN
Nobody surfs the murky waters between politics and the media in Turkey better than Acun Ilicali , a self-described risk junkie who 's quickly emerged as a global force in reality television .
Known simply as Acun , the former sports journalist once phoned in their “ live ” TV report on a World Cup match in Paris from a party in Istanbul . But the string of hits he 's produced on three continents—from tailored versions of “ Survivor ” and “ The Voice ” to their own competition show called “ Exathlon ” —is as real as the private jet they fly to visit the Miami mansion they own near Kim Kardashian and Kanye West .
Ilicali on the pitch with Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan . Photographer : Kayhan Ozer/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
The boyish 48-year-old 's transformation from quirky host of the wildly popular “ Acun on the Run ” travel odyssey to TV tycoon amid a crackdown on Turkish media reveals how profitable escapism can be in times of turmoil . The thrice-married father of four has replicated their success in so many other markets that their main worry now is how to simplify a financial model that 's still based on factoring , or selling accounts receivable to a third party at a discount .
“ I 'm an adrenaline addict , ” Ilicali said in their office in Istanbul , dressed in a designer T-shirt and jeans like the English showman he 's often compared to : Simon Cowell . “ I 'm doing business with a high-risk coefficient . ”
Emergency Rule
Ilicali 's calling card abroad is their ability to make money back home . Turkey has been under emergency rule since 2016 , when a failed coup against President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan triggered a purge of perceived opponents that 's decimated the media industry and spooked advertisers . Erdoğan , in power 15 years , is seeking to cement their one-man hold on the country in June elections .
The latest media group to succumb to state pressure was also Turkey 's largest : Dogan Holding , which agreed last month to sell its flagship newspaper Hurriyet along with its TV channels , publisher and other media holdings to the Demiroren family , staunch allies of the president .
“ Ninety percent of Turkish media is now controlled by pro-Erdogan businesses , ” Soner Cagaptay , director of the Turkish Research Program at The Washington Institute , said in an op-ed for the New York Times .
Neither Ilicali nor their production company , Acun Medya , would divulge sales or profit , but a person familiar with their books said revenue rose to about 800 million liras ( $ 200 million ) last year , roughly half from their Turkish cable channel , TV8 , and half from overseas . Ilicali said they expect foreign contracts to generate five times domestic sales this year and 10 times next year .
‘ Happier ' Progamming
After the Greek version of “ Survivor ” they produce rocketed to No . 1 , Athens-based Skai TV ceded all of its prime-time slots to Acun Medya . Their Romanian shows have helped make Kanal D that country 's biggest channel and their Mexican programs have broken records for Asteca . In July , he 'll enter the U.S. market in partnership with Spanish-language giant Telemundo .
Acun Ilicali Photographer : Hakan Goktepe/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
“ Channels that we used to try to get meetings with are now coming to us , asking us if we can work with them , ” Ilicali said .
Ilicali declined to talk politics , but they clearly know how to please the powerful and he 's not shy about posting photos of themselves playing soccer with Erdoğan . The first thing they did when they acquired TV8 from an Erdoğan ally back in 2013 was scrap its hard-hitting news division to make room for “ happier ” programming just as anti-government protests were raging in Istanbul .
News reports over the years have speculated about Ilicali 's ties to people close to the president and the sources of Acun Medya 's funding . Online portal OdaTV , for example , alleged in March that they were the subject of a U.S. probe into possible weapons smuggling . The story , which did n't cite anyone , was retracted without explanation after they tweeted their intention to sue for defamation .
‘ Deal or No Deal '
What 's not disputed is that Ilicali needed less than two years to turn TV8 into a ratings dynamo that continues to be coveted by major advertisers in a country where “ no politics means no headaches , ” according to Ceren Sozeri , a communications specialist at Galatasaray University in Istanbul .
“ Acun is probably the only mogul in Turkey who can make money in media , ” Sozeri said . “ Although this proves their talent and vision , there 's no doubt Erdoğan 's support played a key role in their success . ”
“ We 're going to be the biggest TV production company in the world if we continue at this pace ”
In 2015 , two years after Ilicali bought all of TV8 for what Sozeri called a sweetheart price of $ 70 million , another Erdoğan ally paid them $ 110 million for a 30 percent stake . Ilicali said their funding came from previous hits , mainly a version of “ Deal or No Deal , ” the game show they hosted that featured foreign guest stars such as Bruce Willis and Christina Aguilera .
Despite the windfall , Acun Medya carried on with factoring . Though almost always more expensive than traditional bank borrowing , it 's a common practice in Turkey 's entertainment industry , which offers fat profit margins but lengthy payment terms .
The tireless entrepreneur said their popularity has come so fast and the potential upside is so huge that they canceled a bond sale and shelved IPO plans so they can focus on riding the boom as long as possible—and that means securing cheaper funding and cutting currency risks by switching contracts to dollars .
“ Money is gas for me and I need gas to grow , ” they said . “ We 're going to be the biggest TV production company in the world if we continue at this pace . ”
Hertha Berlin scored twice after the game resumed
Players were forced to leave the pitch during Hertha Berlin 's German Cup first round game at Hansa Rostock after fans let off flares and fireworks .
Third-tier Hansa said a flare was set off from the away end shortly after half-time , before the game was later suspended for 10 minutes .
Hertha Berlin added that the referee called both teams off the pitch for safety reasons in the 77th minute .
The Bundesliga side scored twice to win the game 2-0 after play resumed .
Partnership facilitates therapeutic biomarker and target validation , assay development and clinical trial management for companion diagnostics and drug development
PORTLAND , OR and CAMBRIDGE , MA and DETROIT , MI -- ( Marketwired - February 15 , 2017 ) - Asterand Bioscience , the leader in high quality , well-characterized human tissue and human tissue-based research solutions supporting drug discovery and development , announced today a partnership with MolecularMD to combine MolecularMD 's expertise as a provider of molecular diagnostics products and services with Asterand Bio 's drug target and candidate validation capabilities . MolecularMD is a molecular diagnostics company that develops custom clinical trial assays as well as companion diagnostic products , supporting clinical trial services and commercialization of targeted cancer therapies . The partnership creates an end-to-end workflow for biopharma clients and strengthens the companies ' current offerings in assay development & validation , while creating a global footprint for the efficient delivery of clinical trial sample analyses .
`` For over 20 years , Asterand Bioscience 's experienced scientists have worked collaboratively with clients to expedite the highest likelihood for clinical success by providing a variety of pre-clinical research services , '' said John Canepa , Chief Financial Officer/Chief Operations Officer . `` This agreement brings together MolecularMD 's proven track record in clinical assay development and companion diagnostics with Asterand Bio 's human tissue procurement , characterization and research services to provide a comprehensive approach to meet the needs of pharmaceutical , biotechnology and diagnostic companies from validation of biomarkers and targets to assay development , through regulatory and clinical trials . ''
`` MolecularMD is uniquely suited to assist biopharma clients with our clinical trial and regulatory expertise , '' said Dan Snyder , President/Chief Executive Officer , MolecularMD . `` I 'm excited that Asterand Bio and MolecularMD have joined forces to provide these unique advantages which will help our broad client base accelerate their pipeline decisions and dramatically improve the efficiency of the clinical trial and commercialization workflow . ''
Asterand Bio and MolecularMD will both attend Molecular Med Tri-Con 2017 , Feb 19-24 at the Moscone North Convention Center , San Francisco , CA , a meeting bringing together over 3,500 drug discovery and development professionals . More information about the partnership can be found at Asterand Bio 's booth # 626 . Asterand Bio and MolecularMD will both attend the AACR 2017 meeting , April 1-5 at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in Washington DC , a meeting that highlights the highest level of cancer science and medicine from institutions all over the world . More information about the partnership can be found at Asterand Bio 's booth # 1340 and MolecularMD 's booth # 3423 .
About Asterand Bioscience
Asterand Bioscience is the leading global provider of high quality , well-characterized human tissue and human tissue-based research solutions to drug discovery scientists . Our mission is to provide human-based solutions to accelerate the identification and validation of drug targets and enhance the selection of drug candidates with increased likelihood of clinical success . From our offices in Detroit , MI and Royston , U.K. our employees are focused on providing services and products to accelerate drug discovery research from target identification through to compound evaluation and drug safety .
About MolecularMD
MolecularMD Corporation develops and commercializes specialty molecular diagnostics for oncology applications . Tests are designed to allow appropriate selection , monitoring and management of patients treated with molecularly-targeted cancer therapies . MolecularMD integrates gold-standard and innovative platform technologies with clinical assay design , validation and centralized testing to accelerate all phases of clinical development , including FDA approval and commercialization of in vitro companion diagnostic tests for novel anticancer agents .
287 senior citizens are getting their Christmas wish-list fulfilled thanks to community members . The annual Gifts for Goldens event gathered more than enough donations to cover the items requested by nursing home residents and shut-ins in Broome County .
Tom Barney from iHeart Media says the gifts are piled all over the Binghamton offices . Barney says this is the largest amount of gifts , donors , and participants they 've received in the five years of running the event .
`` They do n't have families , they do n't have friends in the area , sometimes they wo n't even get a gift , but now they will , '' says Barney .
The Gifts For Goldens event is run by iHeart Media and the Council of Churches and sponsored by Fidelis Care and Fox 40 . The names and ages of individuals who may not receive a gift on their own this holiday season were put on a Christmas tree in the middle of the Oakdale Mall . People could pull the ornament from the tree , buy the gift , and donate it back to those in need this holiday season .
The extra donations received will be given to individuals who only requested one thing in their wish . The gifts will be distributed next week .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Fans Do Not Want Hina 's Name To Be Dragged Unnecessarily !
A fan asked her , `` Vikas is all right na ? ? ? '' - ( sic ) . They replied , `` Ya why what hapnd . '' - ( sic ) . Another fan wrote , `` I do n't want you to comment or to be dragged in this matter . But cause of Vikas Gupta Whole Hina fandom is called of without doing anything wrong . It was their own fan who passed bad remarks for Karan Patel while their comments made us fall in the trap . '' - ( sic )
Hina Responds To The Fan 's Distasteful Comment !
Hina replied to the concerned fan , `` I always feel truth hs its own life n a unique but certain way of coming out . No point tryin to prove tht water is liquid if u know what I mean ! As a celebrity or as a fan we al cn always b smart bout r reactions on things . My dear Hinaholics you all are true and unique souls❤️ '' - ( sic )
The Ex-Bigg Boss Contestant Trolled For Them Goa Trip Pictures
Hina 's fan , who was disappointed that many trolled them for their Goa trip , wrote , `` @ eyehinakhan I listen lots of unfair things about you on your Goa trip I am very disappointed by this ... You want to say something about this ... '' - ( sic )
The Actress Reacts To The Trolls !
The actor replied to the concerned fan , `` I enjoyed my trip , and as a fan or as an appreciator if u love me , you shud also enjoy the moments I shared with u .. do n't care about the trollers or the media ( who acknowledge them ) and give them a voice .. likewise if we talk about it we do the same .. so think and ignore .. '' - ( sic )
‘ Kuch To Log Kahenge '
When a fan asked Hina to dedicate a song to hinaholics , they wrote , `` Kuch to log kahenge .. logun ka kaam hai kehna .. # HinaBoltiHaiAbhiBusHoGaya bole toh full stop ✋ '' - ( sic )
While Orlando 's hotels do n't miss a trick , a new option for small meetings and retreats has opened that can do one thing the big resorts ca n't : keep everyone in one place .
A recently opened luxury property , Isolé Villas , in the Reunion golf resort community about 35 minutes southeast of Orlando International , includes 15 suites and a boardroom seating 14 . The 25,000-square-foot villa is outfitted with a private 19-seat movie theater for presentations or screenings , both a large dining room and outdoor lanai for dinners and special events , and an industrial kitchen to handle catered events .
Attendees are unlikely to want to go far considering the multi-level saltwater pool ; indoor fitness court for basketball or yoga ; outdoor bar ; spa and fitness facility ; game room with Xbox , PlayStation , and other options ; a piano salon with full-size concert piano ; and cigar and sports lounges . But for those who do need some time on the links , the property include access to several championship golf courses .
A villa manager , concierge , and meeting planners are available to organize transportation , meals , or teambuilding events , or handle meeting set-up .
Columbia College Hollywood 's inaugural New Optics Film Festival will be accepting late submissions from high school filmmakers up to 11:59PM PST on Saturday , 2/10 .
Los Angeles , CA ( PRUnderground ) February 2nd , 2018
Columbia College Hollywood 's inaugural New Optics Film Festival , which is hailed as “ A Festival for the Next Generation of Filmmakers ” , will be accepting late submissions from high school filmmakers ( grades 9 through 12 ) up to 11:59PM PST on Saturday , February 10 . Entries will be viewed by a judging panel of industry professionals and screened at the New Optics Film Festival on Saturday , April 21 on the campus of Columbia College Hollywood ( CCH ) .
“ Our New Optics Film Festival , which is a partnership between CCH and Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks , is a new annual event that will celebrate the work of the filmmakers of tomorrow , ” says CCH Director of Recruitment Lissa Sherman . “ We ca n't wait to see the creative energy , talent , and vision that they will share with us . ”
The six entry categories for the New Optics Film Festival include :
● News Broadcast
● Documentary Short
● Narrative Short
● Music Video
● Public Service Announcement
● Animation Short
Winning films will be screened , and awards will be presented , on Saturday , April 21 at CCH 's campus at 18618 Oxnard Street , 91356-1411 in Los Angeles .
One entry per filmmaker may be submitted via FilmFreeway.com , which provides complete details about rules , awards , and entry categories . The entry fee is $ 20 .
For more information , contact Columbia College Hollywood at ( 800 ) 785-0585 .
About Columbia College Hollywood
Founded in 1952 , Columbia College Hollywood is a nonprofit , regionally accredited liberal arts college with a focus on creative media .
Columbia College Hollywood educates students in the art and science of communications and the diverse media of contemporary storytelling within an exploration of the liberal arts .
Columbia College Hollywood is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges Senior College and University Commission ( WSCUC ) to offer Bachelor of Fine Arts and Associate of Fine Arts degree programs in Cinema with an emphasis in acting , cinematography , directing , editing and visual effects , new media , producing , sound , and writing .
Templeton High junior Lauren Reeves goes for the kill in a CIF-Southern Section Division 6 playoff match against Whittier . tgibson @ thetribunenews.com Travis Gibson
Alaska Air Group chairperson , CEO and president Brad Tilden stated ( 23-Apr-2018 ) the integration with Virgin America is `` reaching a crescendo '' on 25-Apr-2018 when the two carriers transition to a single passenger service system . The carrier is `` encouraged '' by the strength it sees in its core markets , with Mr Tilden seeing `` positive signs in the vast majority of our new markets '' . [ more - original PR ]
A former staffer at REVOLT claims that company CEO Roma Khanna has made racist comments around the office . Sean “ Diddy ” Combs stepped up to defend Khanna against the allegations , urging that the outlet does not tolerate that manner of behavior .
Page Six exclusively reports :
The ex-employee wrote to Revolt 's board “ from a place of genuine concern on behalf of myself , as a young , educated black woman , for the people currently employed at Revolt who are fearful of losing their jobs , and in an attempt to preserve the reputation and perception of this company . ”
In a bombshell letter , they alleged , “ I 've witnessed Roma say that black women intimidate her , ” and that at a May brainstorming session for the Revolt Music Conference , when it was suggested that rapper Meek Mill host a talk on prison reform , “ Roma responded , ‘ Maybe the conversation is n't about prison reform , maybe it 's about how to stay out of jail , black boy . ' ”
The memo adds , “ In my own discomfort , I spoke up , saying that their comment was not only insulting but would also be disrespectful to Meek as he 's not a ‘ boy ' . . . They then proceeded to propose . . . ‘ Maybe that 's it . . . Maybe it 's a conversation on how not to be black . ' ”
The outlet published a statement from Diddy where they made a defense of Khanna .
“ This story is inaccurate . We are a black-owned and -operated network and we have a zero-tolerance policy for discrimination of any kind . Revolt is led by a woman of color who is expected to uphold the same standards that I hold for all of my companies . After an extensive review led by outside counsel , there were no findings of deliberate misconduct , ” Diddy stated , adding that Khanna will not lose their position .
—
Photo : WENN.com
Diddy Sticks Up For REVOLT CEO Amid Racism Claims was originally published on hiphopwired.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Already have an account ?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access .
You can cancel anytime .
General News of Monday , 14 August 2017
Source : Starrfmonline.com
2017-08-14
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo has stated that the government 's ability to create jobs for the teeming unemployed Ghanaian youth is limited .
According to him , the government has set out to build the most business friendly economy on the continent to allow the private sector assume that role .
“ The ability of government to create jobs on its own is limited , ” they said Monday August 14 , 2017 at the launch of the USAID/Dignity Vocational Training Partnership , adding “ Job creation in our view is largely the responsibility of the private sector . ”
“ We are therefore , moving quickly to create an environment that will unleash the innovative and the entrepreneurial instincts of the Ghanaian people to drive rapid growth and job creations , ” they noted .
On the project , they said it was consistent with their government 's vision to make Ghana an industrial hub in West Africa , thus driving the country 's social economic development .
According to him , in recent years growth in the country 's industrial sector has plummeted significantly .
They said , “ From a growth rate of 15.8percent in 2008 in the last year of the government of the outstanding Ghanaian statesman their excellency John Agyekum Kufuor , former president of the republic , growth in industry slumped to 0.8percent in 2014 to -0.3percent in 2015 to further down to -1.4percent in 2016 . ”
However , they posited as the result of the relative normalisation of the power situation in the country , in the implementation the government 's business friendly policy , industry for the first quarter of 2017 recorded an impress growth rate of 11.5 percent the highest sectorial growth in the national economy .
A fire in an unoccupied home in Whiteville caused major damage early Friday morning ( today ) .
Whiteville firefighters were called out shortly after 4 a.m. to a structure fire at 222 W. Virgil Street .
Although the fire got into the roof of the home , damage was confined to the contents of the property and one room , Fire Marshall Hal Lowder said .
The home was unoccupied , and the fire is under investigation .
Want Warriors news in your inbox ? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter .
OAKLAND – The Warriors ruled out veteran Andre Iguodala for Game 1 of the NBA Finals against the Cleveland Cavaliers because of continued issues with a left lateral leg contusion and bone bruise . Game 1 is on Thursday at Oracle Arena .
The Warriors evaluated Iguodala on Tuesday and determined that they still have persisting pain accompanying the bone bruise and that there is inflammation of the nerve surrounding their left knee . The Warriors plan to reevaluate them prior to Game 2 on Sunday at Oracle Arena .
Iguodala had missed Games 4 , 5 , 6 and 7 of the Western Conference Finals against the Houston Rockets . They collided knees with Rockets guard James Harden at the end of the Warriors ' Game 3 win on May 20 . Initially , both the Warriors and Iguodala did not consider the injury serious . But they have not been able to run without feeling any pain . Still , the Warriors said in a release that Iguodala is “ making progress . ”
To subscribe to the Planet Dubs podcast , click here .
Although the Warriors had four healthy All-Stars in Stephen Curry , Kevin Durant , Draymond Green and Klay Thompson , Iguodala 's absence contributed to the Warriors ' struggles in losses in Game 4 and 5 . They have averaged 7.9 points on 47.9 percent shooting and 3.1 assists in 27.5 minutes through playoff games . They also served a bridge between the Warriors ' All-Stars and a bench unit that has lacked consistency .
As for the NBA Finals , Iguodala had become the primary defender on Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James in the previous three matchups . So much that Iguodala won 2015 Finals MVP because of their stellar defensive play . Without Iguodala , the Warriors will likely rely on Kevin Durant , Draymond Green , Kevon Looney , Jordan Bell and David West to share defensive responsibilities on James .
Follow Bay Area News Group Warriors beat writer Mark Medina on Twitter , Facebook and Instagram .
Already have an account ?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access .
You can cancel anytime .
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week .
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 *
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
Other Subscription options :
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel . From time to time , there are fairly untouched gems , like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago . For very different reasons , Germany , Argentina , the Philippines , and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list .
Wander Minnesota : The Science of PixarThe Science of Pixar at the Science Museum of Minnesota will thrill fans ( of all ages ) of the legendary animation studio .
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Do n't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America 's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America 's best fly fishing rivers
There was no love lost between two drivers in Langford this morning after a road rage incident on Sooke Road near Happy Valley Road .
Police were called to the area around 6:45 a.m .
It is alleged that the two occupants of a black Mitsubishi Lancer attempted to run a white pickup truck off the road on multiple occasions while yelling at the two other occupants of that truck .
Then after both vehicles pulled over , the driver of the Lancer allegedly went over to the driver-side window of the pick-up and a physical altercation took place .
A detailed description of the black Mitsubishi was obtained and provided to police .
The vehicle was located in the area .
The driver was arrested for the assault and dangerous driving while the passenger was arrested on an unendorsed warrant out of North Cowichan .
The driver was released on a Promise to Appear and is set to appear at the Western Communities Courthouse on April 6 , 2017 .
Anyone with information is urged to contact West Shore RCMP , or Crimestoppers at 1-800-222-8477 ( TIPS ) .
2:51 On the road with the Boise State basketball team Pause
0:51 The day Idaho 's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing : What the machine looks like
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho 's Teton Dam collapse
0:58 Risch objects to King letter
1:13 This Oroville Dam evacuee brought along a month 's worth of food
1:38 Former Boise State TE battling cancer
North Bethany , Or . – A suspicious fire was reported this morning in a home under construction in a high-end North Bethany neighborhood . Cassandra Ulven with Tualitan Valley Fire and Rescue says it was spotted by a Washington County Sheriff 's deputy on patrol . It is the fourth such fire in the neighborhood . Two fires in August have been determined to be arson . A third fire last month is under investigation .
The fire totally destroyed the unfinished home . They say “ there was only one nearby home that was occupied . Two other homes adjacent to the burning structure were under construction and there was a fire , a smaller fire to the home to the left of the main fire unit . ”
They say the Sheriff 's Office has beefed up patrols there since August and the developer has also hired a private security company . One person posted on Twitter this morning ” if the person starting these fires is following this please stop before you hurt someone . We live in the DR Horton homes and are terrified , please stop. ” Ulven says the fires are in the development adjacent to the DR Horton homes .
Tualitan Valley Fire and Rescue held a community meeting November 29th at Springville Elementary School to talk with neighbors about the recent house fires .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
In oil mystery , traders resort to ‘ buy the builds ' mantra
Canadian citizen born in Kazakhstan was arrested in Canada in March 2017
An accomplice accused of helping Russian intelligence agents break into email accounts as part of a massive 2014 data breach at Yahoo has been sentenced to five years in prison and ordered to pay a US $ 250,000 fine .
Karim Baratov , who pleaded guilty in November 2017 in San Francisco , was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Vince Chhabria , a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney 's Office said .
Baratov , a Canadian citizen born in Kazakhstan , was arrested in Canada in March 2017 at the request of U.S. prosecutors . They later waived their right to fight a request for their extradition to the United States .
Lawyers for Baratov in a court filing had urged a sentence of 45 months in prison , while prosecutors had sought 94 months .
`` This case is about a young man , younger than most of the defendants in hacking cases throughout this country , who hacked emails , one at a time , for US $ 100 a hack , '' the defence lawyers wrote in a 19 May court filing .
Verizon Communications , the largest U.S. wireless operator , acquired most of Yahoo 's assets in June 2017 .
The U.S. Justice Department announced charges in March 2017 against Baratov and three others , including two officers in Russia 's Federal Security Service ( FSB ) , for their roles in the 2014 hacking of 500 million Yahoo accounts . Baratov is the only one of the four that has been arrested .
Yahoo in 2016 said cyber thieves may have stolen names , email addresses , telephone numbers , dates of birth and encrypted passwords .
When FSB officers learned that a target had a non-Yahoo webmail account , including through information obtained from the Yahoo hack , they worked with Baratov , who was paid to break into at least 80 email accounts , prosecutors said , including numerous Alphabet Inc Gmail accounts .
Federal prosecutors said in a court filing `` the targeted victims were of interest to Russian intelligence '' and included `` prominent leaders in the commercial industries and senior government officials ( and their counsellors ) of Russia and countries bordering Russia . ''
Prosecutors said FSB officers Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin directed and paid hackers to obtain information and used Alexsey Belan , who is among the FBI 's most-wanted cyber criminals , to breach Yahoo .
( Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Nate Raymond in Boston ; Editing by Tom Brown )
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
March Mania at the Adamant Coop
The Adamant Co-op is launching a new contest in March . It 's pretty simple : whoever has the highest shopping total in dollars for the month of March wins . First prize is $ 100 in the form of a Co-op gift card or store credit . Second prize is a lovely Adamant Co-op Cookbook . Third prize is a set of four Adamant Co-op mugs .
Anyone can enter , except for staff members , board members , and their households . And you can enter any time after February 15 , either at the Co-op , or by writing to Andrea Serota at aserota64 @ gmail.com .
Winner will be announced on April 1st , and that 's no April Fool 's joke !
Central Vermont “ Empty Bowl Benefit ” to Raise Funds for the Vermont Foodbank
The fifth annual Central Vermont Empty Bowl Benefit will be held on Sunday , February 18 , from 4:30 to 6:30 pm at the Mud Studio in the Red Hen complex on Route 2 in Middlesex . The benefit will raise funds for the Vermont Foodbank . For the price of admission , diners will be offered homemade soup served in a handmade bowl of their choice that they can take home .
“ We thought that if people took their empty bowl home with them , it would serve as a reminder that there are many Vermonters whose bowls are literally empty every day , ” said Mike Sullivan , owner of The Mud Studio . “
Now five years running , Empty Bowl has become a popular community happening that people look forward to attending during the dark days of winter . Last year , over 300 people attended and we raised over $ 10,000 , which went directly to the Vermont Foodbank . Since the event began four years ago , $ 26,000 has been raised , which translates into 78,000meals to help our neighbors in need . This would not have been possible without the generous donations of the many local farms and businesses who enthusiastically contribute their goods and services , ” said event organizer , Bonnie Seideman .
Businesses donating to the event are The Mud Studio and the central Vermont pottery community , Bear Roots Farm , Capitol Copy , Christ Episcopal Church , Cold Hollow Cider Mill , Dog River Farm , Hunger Mountain Co-op , Misty Knoll Farm , North Branch Tea and Wine , Pete 's Greens , Red Hen Bakery , Regal Flower Design , Sarducci 's , The Savoy Theater , Vermont Creamery , and The World .
The minimum adult donation is $ 25 , which includes a handmade bowl , soup , and accompaniments . Tickets for children ages5-12 are $ 5 for a meal only , and children under 5 are free for a meal only . Tickets maybe purchased at the door or online at https : //fundraise.vtfoodbank.org .
Prenatal Pilates at Essential Physical Therapy & Pilates
Prenatal Pilates is the newest class offering at Essential Physical Therapy & Pilates ( 81 River Street ) . Pilates is the perfect form of exercise during pregnancy because it helps condition the muscles necessary to support the ongoing changes in the body while at the same time building mind-body awareness , teaching use of the breath , and improving alignment and posture .
Prenatal Pilates gives clients a total bodywork out while staying within the parameters of what is safe during pregnancy . The class focuses on learning to engage the pelvic floor , core control , and strengthening postural muscles , while at the same time toning the arms and legs and improving flexibility and balance .
Class participant , Erica Prudente states , “ I have been doing Prenatal Pilates [ at Essential ] for the past 16 weeks , and it is the best decision I have made for my body and health . I leave class with more movement , higher energy , and feeling great . I am also hoping the pelvic floor and muscle strength I have developed will help me recover quickly post pregnancy ! ” Prenatal Pilates is offered every Thursday at11:00 am ; this is an on-going class and can be joined at any stage of pregnancy . You can sign up at essentialptp.com or call 262-1500 .
Montpelier Announces Finalists for Major Art Installation at One Taylor Street
Three Vermont artists and two artist teams have been selected as finalists to design , create and install a permanent work of art at theOne Taylor Street Redevelopment Project . They are : Sean Williams of Montpelier , Michael Zebrowski of Morrisville , Miles Chapin of Westminster West , Rodrigo Navaand Gregory Miguel Gomez of Putney and a six-member team headed by Elizabeth Courtney of Montpelier and Michael Singer of Wilmington .
In March , 2017 the city announced that—in collaboration with Montpelier Alive and the Community Engagement Lab—it had received a $ 50,000 grant from the National Endowment for the Arts , part of a $ 150,000project to create a master plan for public art , and to commission the city 's first major public work of art . A seven-member selection committee was appointed to review applications , which were due on November 1 , and to select the finalists . Each artist and team will receive a small stipend to create a concept of their proposals to present to the public on January 31 , 6:30 to9:30 pm at City Hall . The final choice will be made by the City Council . The installation is expected to be installed in the spring of 2019 .
Criteria for selection included a plan for a “ work that inspires people to come together , ” and for one that took inspiration from “ elements of Montpelier 's history and ethos , ” according to the city 's request for applications .
According to selection committee chair , Nathan Suter , the group received 23 applications . “ As a group , the candidates represented a broad range of artistic practice , media , and experience with public artmaking , ” Suter said . The group of finalists , they added “ is diverse in terms of artistic approach , is deeply rooted in Vermont , and demonstrates an appreciation for the history of the site as well as its potential to distinguish Montpelier for residents and visitors . We eagerly anticipate the presentations of proposals on January 31st when these artists and teams show off their concepts . ”
March Madness at the Net Zero Montpelier to Host Weatherize Montpelier Kick-off Event
Net Zero Montpelier is teaming up with local home energy contractors to help you save money and stay warm by weatherizing your home . Over 500 Montpelier residents have already improved their homes through weatherization , reducing their home heating bills by an average of 20-25 percent . NetZero Montpelier is teaming up with qualified local contractors who will conduct free home energy visits and prepare a scope of work/quote for energy improvements in your home .
Come to the Weatherize Montpelier Kick-Off event on February 15th from 5:30 to 7:00pm at the Vermont State Employees Credit Union office ( 1 Bailey Ave. ) to learn how to participate . You can also meet the contractors and sign up for a free home energy visit . Food will be provided , along with raffle and door prizes . For more information , call Ian at223-2328 x118 or go to netzeromontpelier.org/weatherize .
Share this :
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) – One person is dead following a fire at a Dayton high-rise apartment .
Crews were called to the Asbury Apartments on McDaniel Street just after 7:30 a.m. Saturday .
Officials say the fire started in a unit on the second floor . Dayton 's fire chief said the resident in that apartment was taken to the hospital where they later died .
Two other people were taken to the hospital to be treated for smoke inhalation . No word on their conditions .
The cause is under investigation .
Watch live :
Want to watch Fox 4 's newscast ? Click here .
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump served up a dinner of Dover sole and political talk on the first night of their inaugural state visit , with intensive discussions over the Iran deal and Syria still to come on Tuesday .
Trump 's friendly discussion with French President Emmanuel Macron at Mount Vernon on Monday evening centered partly on the American political and economic situation , specifically the upcoming midterm elections and Trump 's ranking in polls , a French official said .
Trump has tweeted regularly about their polls , which they insist are higher than people realize .
Expected matters , such as Syria and trade also arose , as did the fight against radicalization . The leaders also raised the issue of Internet regulation , a matter of hot debate in both France and the US after Russian attempts to interfere in elections .
Full display of pomp
Trump is deploying the full trappings of formal state entertaining for the first time in the hopes an elaborate display of diplomacy can lead to a deeper bond with the young French leader .
But beneath the pomp and circumstance the state visit brings — streets lined with fluttering French and American flags , an elaborate military welcome and a meticulously planned state dinner — the two leaders are expected to tackle a slew of pressing foreign policy issues , from the Iran deal to the Syrian civil war , counterterrorism and Russian aggression . The daylight between the men on some of those issues will become apparent .
Macron touched down in Washington midday Monday aboard a French government plane . Later , the couple greeted Trump at the West Wing with kisses on each cheek to formally begin the visit .
Joined by Melania Trump , the four used golden shovels to plant a European Sessile oak tree on the South Lawn that had been plucked from the Belleau Woods , northeast of Paris , where 9,000 American troops lost their lives during World War I . They departed soon after aboard a helicopter to Mount Vernon , the riverfront estate of George Washington , for a private dinner of lemon-ricotta agnolotti with citrus butter , salad , ballotine of Dover sole with lemon curd and heirloom asparagus and chocolate soufflé with cherry vanilla ice cream .
The two leaders get to business on Tuesday following a military welcome on the South Lawn . In the wake of the US-French strikes in Syria , questions remain about Trump 's willingness to maintain a military presence in Syria as Macron has urged their US counterpart to do . Trump 's harsh new new trade approach has led to fears of a trade war . And a fast-approaching deadline on the Iran deal also looms large .
Trump has threatened to pull out of the Iran deal and snapback US sanctions on Iran by May 12 unless major changes are made to the agreement brokered by the previous US administration , which capped Iran 's nuclear program in exchange for relief from economic sanctions . France , Germany and the United Kingdom — key signatories to the deal — are in the midst of negotiations with the US aimed at assuaging some of Trump 's concerns , but large gaps still remain .
Already , some US administration officials have been preparing options for withdrawal from the agreement , hoping to be ready should Trump abruptly make their announcement over Twitter . Macron 's visit could prove critical to swaying Trump toward a compromise , rather than the all-or-nothing approach they have signaled on the Iran deal .
Underlying competitiveness
The French leader — who has been dubbed a “ Trump whisperer ” by some — has forged one of the closest relationships Trump maintains with any world leader , some of whom they have openly feuded with or belittled .
But beneath the outward bonhomie is an underlying competitiveness , according to US and French officials familiar with the two men 's relationship . Both are alpha males highly attuned to their own reputations , and each entered office with grand promises of shattering their country 's political status quo . Officials in both countries have downplayed the notion of a “ bromance , ” insisting the two men are not close personal friends but rather closely aligned allies .
Ever since May , when the two men met for the first time inside the US ambassador 's residence in Brussels , fascination has swirled around their relationship . That first meeting was marked by strained grins and a lengthy , white-knuckled handshake that immediately went viral online .
Even before that session , which occurred on the sidelines of a NATO summit , Macron has carefully approached their interactions with an unpredictable American leader . They studied videos of Trump 's handshakes , which sometimes include a firm tug inward . They and their aides continue to closely monitor Trump 's Twitter feed for a daily reading of the US President 's mood and their shifting policy sentiments .
Perhaps most shrewdly , Macron recognized that Europe 's other dominant leader , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , would be permanently tarnished in Trump 's mind after fostering deeply personal ties to President Barack Obama . Long averse to their predecessor 's policies and platforms , Trump has viewed Merkel as irrevocably tied to Obama , according to people who have spoken to him .
Macron has cast themselves as a blank slate , without a pre-existing relationship that might color their interactions with Trump ( though Macron has met privately with Obama , and even secured Obama 's endorsement during their campaign last spring ) .
Merkel will visit the White House on Friday with none of the elaborate trimmings associated with a state visit . Once the favored European leader for US presidents , including Obama and President George W. Bush , Merkel got off to a frosty start with Trump and struggled to recover . The two leaders went more than five months without speaking earlier this year .
Former Chief Minister of Delhi Sheila Dikshit has welcomed the Supreme Court judgement in the power tussle between Delhi government and Lieutenant Governor ( L-G ) .
“ What Supreme Court has said is very clear . As per Article 239 ( AA ) of the Constitution , Delhi is not a state , it is a Union Territory . If Delhi Government and Lieutenant Governor do n't work together then Delhi will face problems , ” Dikshit told agencies .
In the long-standing dispute over whom the real chief of Delhi is , the apex court on Wednesday ruled that the L-G does not have independent decision-making powers and the real power must lie with the elected government .
Dikshit , who was the Chief Minister of the National Capital for 15 years until 2014 , said that the positions of the Chief Minister and L-G of Delhi are very responsible and so it is expected that they work together harmoniously , keeping the disputes aside , just as their Congress party-led government did when they were in power .
“ Congress ruled Delhi for 15 years , no conflict took place then , ” said Dikshit .
Wednesday 's verdict is being considered as a legal victory for Arvind Kejriwal 's Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP ) , which moved the Supreme Court in 2016 against the High Court 's order that said L-G is the administrative head of Delhi .
However , overturning that order the Supreme Court on Wednesday said that the L-G “ should not act in a mechanical manner and stall decisions of the Delhi cabinet . ”
The tension between the AAP government and the L-G started months after the AAP swept to power in Delhi in 2015 .
Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and their colleagues alleged the Bharatiya Janata Party-led central government of stymieing the Delhi government 's administrative decisions .
Just last month , Kejriwal held a sit-in protest at the visitors ' room at L-G Anil Baijal 's house .
America 's Best Christkindl MarketsGet a preview of five of America 's best Christkindl Markets from around the country .
Best Winter Getaways In EuropeA definitive list of the best places in Europe to travel to this winter .
Best Offbeat Holiday Destinations In AmericaA quick look at five of the most magical and most rewarding destinations to visit during the holidays
Uber Reveals Year-Old Cover-Up Of Hack Affecting 57 MillionUber is coming clean about its cover-up of a year-old hacking attack that stole personal information about more than 57 million of the beleaguered ride-hailing service 's customers and drivers .
Union Oil began to hit its stride in Central California in the early 20th century . Wells near Santa Maria and Coalinga were producing , soon to be followed by a bigger strike north of Maricopa .
When a piece of heavy drilling equipment fell off a wagon in the present-day Orcutt Hill oil field , the roustabouts decided to drill in place rather than move the extra distance to the intended site .
On Dec. 2 , 1904 , the earth roared , and oil and gas shot 150 feet into the sky . Luck had smiled , and the well became known as Old Maude .
“ We ca n't control it , what with 12,000 barrels of oil pouring out a day . We do n't even have tanks or pipelines big enough to handle the flow , ” said a oil field worker quoted in the book “ Unocal 1890-1990 : A Century of Spirit . ”
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website , apps , the digital newspaper and more . SUBSCRIBE NOW
Two years later , Union Oil built storage in Avila Beach , and in 1910 massive tanks were constructed in San Luis Obispo .
Several years later , in 1926 , the San Luis Obispo Tank Farm erupted in flames , but it was preceded by an earlier fire at the Avila Beach Tank Farm in 1908 .
Both were caused by lightning strikes , leading one to wonder if the 1926 event could have been prevented by installing lightning rods .
One of the end-of-an-era stories I have covered has been the demolition of the Union Oil tanks in San Luis Obispo and Avila Beach .
Chevron now owns both San Luis Obispo and Avila Beach properties and is working on development plans .
The historic photos of the Avila tank farm fire were made by Frank C. Aston , a prolific San Luis Obispo commercial photographer . Their work spans 1906-47 , and the images were shared by the San Luis Obispo County History Center .
Mark Hall-Patton was curator and director of History Center 's predecessor organization when they wrote this story July 27 , 1989 :
County 's first tank farm fire was at Avila
Last week we looked at a disaster which befell one of the oil dreams of the Central Coast . Soon after the Oilport wharf had been washed out , our county was subjected to its first tank farm fire . This was not the well-known 1926 fire at the Tank Farm near San Luis Obispo but the 1908 tank farm above Avila .
On Jan. 27 , 1908 , lightning struck tank number 3 of the Union Oil Co. tank farm at Avila . The bolt struck at 3:30 p.m. and ignited the oil stored in the tank .
At the time the fire began , people on the scene were not sure whether the flames would spread to other tanks . George Ferguson , who was the resident agent for the Union Oil Co. and lived near the tanks , took the precaution to remove as many of their belongings as possible for fear that the flames would spread to their house .
With the amount of oil in the tank and the need for more workers to fight the fire , an alarm was sent to San Luis Obispo . A special train carrying a gang of men to fight the fire , was sent by the Pacific Coast Railway . The men brought with them all the wheelbarrows and shovels they could find or purchase , buying out every store in San Luis Obispo . At that time , the only way the fire could be fought was to build up the bank of dirt surrounding the tank and contain the fire . Putting out the fire in the tank was out of the question .
Fire burns to the ocean at the Union Oil tank farm in Avila Beach in January 1908 . Frank C. Aston San Luis Obispo County History Center
Oil Tank 3 , with a capacity of 50,000 gallons , had not been designed with lightning in mind . It was full of “ distillate , ” or partially refined oil , according to the newspapers of the time . According to the San Luis Tribune of Jan. 31 , 1908 , “ There was never any thought here among oil men of danger from lightning when the tanks were put up . Lightning is something unusual for this part of the state . Gasses arising from such tanks make the situation very dangerous in case of lightning . ”
The oil men and tank designers were obviously incorrect . The PCR ran a special train down to Santa Maria to pick up general manager W.L . Stewart and get them to the site of the fire . They were to supervise the firefighting efforts . The winds helped firefighting efforts by blowing the flames inland so that any escaping oil was kept confined to the area above Avila where the tanks were .
The fire did spread to two other tanks in the field . Tanks number 304 had about 30 men on top trying to keep it cooled using seawater when one of the men noticed it was getting too hot . They yelled to their fellow workers to get off the tank and all were off by the time the tank exploded a short time later . The explosion was heard as far away as San Luis Obispo .
The light from the fire was also visible from San Luis Obispo during the week the fires were being fought .
By Wednesday , Jan. 29 , it was obvious that the fires were under control and would be confined to the tanks already involved . Given the proximity of the tanks to each other , it is amazing that only three tanks burned .
To control the fire and try to save some of the oil , oil from the burning tanks was pumped to tankers in the harbor . In this way the Union Oil Co. was able to save some of the 50,000 gallons in its tank and the Standard Oil Co. was able to save nearly 36,000 gallons from its two tanks , which had a combined capacity of 60,000 gallons .
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 2:00 'Vanished Hero ' : SLO native and WWII fighter pilot Elwyn Righetti Pause 1:18 Mud , rock blocked the roads . So engineers hiked 14 miles to fix water pipes for Montecito 0:42 Cal Poly unveils new football , soccer practice facility 1:58 Meet Sara , a string-loving kitty who needs a good home 0:48 Candidate Bill Ostrander talks about 3 important issues in Assembly election 1:17 The moment a 12-year-old Redding boy was recognized by the present in State of the Union address 0:37 Fuel tanker engulfed in flames after head-on crash 0:28 Woman tries to board United flight with peacock as comfort animal 0:42 See the beautiful , massive super blue blood moon set over Shell Beach 1:10 How to make a better pizza at home Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Security footage captures gas explosion in Montecito , California Security Footage Captures Gas Explosion in Montecito , California Security camera footage captured the moment of a gas-main explosion in the early hours of January 9 in Montecito , California , as the region battled flooding and mud flow . Santa Barbara County fire spokesperson Mike Eliason said that a gas main break earlier in the morning started a fire . They also said there were reports of missing people . Twitter/Eric P Trautwein via Storyful
Besides the three tanks , the only damage was to the Standard Oil pump house . It was destroyed when one of the flaming tanks overflowed and the burning oil reached it . Damage to the Union Oil tank was estimated at $ 50,000 , and no estimates were available for the Standard Oil losses .
The disaster cost the oil companies dearly , but slowed for only a short time the role of Port San Luis as a major shipping port .
The tanks were rebuilt and can still be seen today ( editor 's note : they were torn down in the summer of 1997 ) in the bluffs above Avila . Ironically , 18 years later , on April 7 , 1926 , a much larger lightning-caused fire , involving a 1 million gallon tanks near San Luis Obispo , would push the memory of the Port San Luis tank farm fire into the background .
Tom Izzo is not one to beat around the bush . They often take blame for the Michigan State Spartans ' mistakes and struggles and calls it like they see it .
So when the head coach found out ESPN commentator Dan Dakich insulted the Spartans ' fan base and the school 's education quality , they went on an uncensored rant .
In a since-deleted tweet , Dakich – whose son , Andrew , is a senior guard for the Michigan Wolverines – said “ Sparty not only whines but now just dumb ! ! Could n't get into UM ? ? ” In more Twitter exchanges , they repeatedly called MSU fans whiners .
@ sportz5176 @ budrowley that 's great but sweetheart nobody whines like Sparty ! ! ! — Dan Dakich ( @ dandakich ) February 8 , 2017
And that led to MSU 's Izzone student section chanting , “ We hate Dakich ” throughout the Spartans ' 74-66 win over Ohio State on Tuesday – a game they were calling for ESPN .
When Izzo got some context for the chants , they went off .
Via the Detroit Free Press :
“ If I had known that before the game , I would have embarrassed myself almost as much as they embarrassed himself , and I would have led the chants , ” Izzo said , their voice slightly cracking . “ Because calling us whiners and that is kind of unprofessional . Classy broadcasters , like George Blaha and everybody else , would n't have even thought to do something like that on TV . But saying our students could n't get in there ? And he 's doing games for Michigan when their son is there ? That is a disappointment , and that is ridiculous . “ And I think it 's funny because I got no respect for them for that . And I am going to publicly say it – you can tweet it , you can read it , you can do whatever you want with it – but Twitter got them in trouble , and they earned it . I am surprised ESPN would let somebody say something like that , that works for them . ”
They also added that they “ would have loved ” to join the Izzone in chanting and said they owe MSU fans and students an apology – but acknowleded they probably wo n't get it .
Belgium 's high scorers take on Brazil 's miserly defense
hello
elgium 's Nacer Chadli , center , scores their third side goal during the round of 16 match between Belgium and Japan at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Rostov Arena , in Rostov-on-Don , Russia , Monday , July 2 , 2018 . Associated Press
Brazil 's Neymar walks on the pitch during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena , in Samara , Russia , Monday , July 2 , 2018 . Associated Press
Brazil head coach Tite , right , talks to Brazil 's Neymar , left , during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena , in Samara , Russia , Monday , July 2 , 2018 . Associated Press
Belgium coach Roberto Martinez celebrates with Belgium goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois after winning the round of 16 match between Belgium and Japan at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Rostov Arena , in Rostov-on-Don , Russia , Monday , July 2 , 2018 . Associated Press
Belgium 's Marouane Fellaini celebrates after scoring their side 's second goal during the round of 16 match between Belgium and Japan at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Rostov Arena , in Rostov-on-Don , Russia , Monday , July 2 , 2018 . Associated Press
Belgium 's Nacer Chadli , second right , celebrates after scoring their third side 's goal during the round of 16 match between Belgium and Japan at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Rostov Arena , in Rostov-on-Don , Russia , Monday , July 2 , 2018 . Associated Press
KAZAN , Russia -- To get past Belgium in the quarterfinals at the World Cup , Brazil has to do something it has not been able to do since it last won the tournament in 2002 : overcome European opposition in the knockout stages .
Since beating Germany 2-0 in the 2002 World Cup final , the five-time winner has been eliminated by European sides in the three subsequent competitions . Brazil lost to France and the Netherlands in the quarterfinals of the 2006 and 2010 World Cups and was humiliated 7-1 by Germany in the semifinals four years ago at home .
Fortunately for the Selecao , Belgium has a poor record against South American sides at the World Cup . Not only has Belgium not won any of its games against South American teams in the knockout stages , it has n't even managed to score a goal . Most recently , Belgium lost 1-0 to Argentina in the 2014 quarterfinals .
The core of that side remains in place in Russia , where Belgium has won all four of its matches , including coming back from 2-0 down to beat Japan in the round of 16 with a thrilling counterattack in the final seconds of injury time .
Everyone knew about the array of talent running through the Belgium side , from Thibaut Courtois in goal to Kevin De Bruyne in midfield and Eden Hazard and Romelu Lukaku up front . The main questions following disappointing defeats in the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 European Championship centered on the team 's character .
That 3-2 victory over Japan was the first time a team has overcome a two-goal deficit to win outright since West Germany beat England in 1970 , and the first to do it in regulation since Portugal came from three down to beat North Korea in 1966 . It has fueled confidence inside the Belgium camp that it can deal with adversity and make the World Cup semifinals for the first time since 1986 .
`` Maybe it 's this sort of match that we needed for the future , '' said Hazard , the captain .
Coach Roberto Martinez won praise for their substitutions , with both Marouane Fellaini and Nacer Chadli scoring , the latter with practically the last kick of the match .
`` You have to find solutions , you have to find reaction but what you have to find more than anything is the desire and togetherness of a group of players , that they are desperate to perform , '' Martinez said .
Unlike the game against Japan , Martinez said , Belgium will be the underdog in the quarterfinal against Brazil and as such should play with a certain amount of freedom .
`` I think it 's a game that when you are a little boy , you dream of being involved in a World Cup , facing Brazil in a quarterfinal , '' they said , `` so from our point of view we can enjoy from the first second . ''
Brazil coach Tite dismissed talk that their team is the favorite to win the match against Belgium , let alone the World Cup .
`` Everything is open , up for grabs , '' they said .
The winner will play France or Uruguay in the semifinals in St. Petersburg on Tuesday .
WHAT WILL GIVE ?
Belgium is the competition 's top scorer with 12 in its four games , with the goals spread around the team . Lukaku has four but seven of their teammates have scored , too .
Though Brazil has yet to hit the heights on the attacking front , it and Uruguay have been the meanest defenses in the competition , conceding just one goal apiece in four matches .
There is a worry for Brazil heading into the Belgium match : The team will be without midfielder Casemiro , who is suspended after picking up a second yellow card in the 2-0 win over Mexico in the round of 16 . Casemiro has provided a strong shield in front of the Brazilian defense . One option could see Fernandinho come into the side for a role they are accustomed to playing at Manchester City .
WALKING A TIGHTROPE
As has been the case throughout this World Cup , Brazilian forward Neymar will likely garner much of the attention during the match , both for their skills and speed as well as their on-field theatrics . Neymar will have to be careful not to pick up another booking as they would miss a semifinal should Brazil prevail . Others walking a tightrope are midfielder Philippe Coutinho and defender Filipe Luis .
For Belgium , defender Jan Vertonghen and De Bruyne are carrying yellow cards as well .
___
Samuel Petrequin in Kazan , Russia , contributed to this report .
___
More AP World Cup coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
FAIRHOPE , Ala. — When it comes to the Broncos practicing at the Jets ' training center next week to prepare for Super Bowl XLVIII , Jets coach Rex Ryan has one thought ....
We use cookies to personalize content , features and ads . We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services .
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:31 On election night , Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
0:07 Timelapse video : Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:28 Atascadero 's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
iStock/Thinkstock ( NEW YORK ) — Three corporate giants are teaming up to enter a new field for them : health care .
Amazon , Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. plan to start a new health care company that is “ free from profit-making incentives and constraints ” and will serve their combined 1 million employers based in the U.S. , according to Bloomberg .
The effort is being spearheaded by Marvelle Sullivan Berchtold , a managing director at JPMorgan ; Todd Combs , who helps oversee investments at Berkshire ; and Beth Galetti , a senior vice president for human resources at Amazon .
After the announcement on Jan. 30 , health care stocks sunk . Express Scripts Holding Co. and CVS Health Corp. , which manage pharmacy benefits , slumped 6.9 percent and 4.9 percent , respectively . Health insurers such as Cigna Corp. and Anthem Inc. companies also dropped , according to Bloomberg .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
‘ Give us back France ' , demands Le Pen ahead of election
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The robbers have struck several times in Essex County . Wale Aliyu reports .
Police were investigating reports of a gas station robbery and shooting in Essex County Wednesday morning , less than a week after armed thieves targeted five gas stations in the county in one day .
There were reports of a robbery at a gas station in Irvington on Tuesday night or Wednesday morning , but details about the possible robbery were still unclear .
On Monday , four masked men robbed five gas stations in the county — three in Newark and one in Belleville and Orange , respectively , according to authorities .
Gas attendant Parmjit Singh was one of the victims . They said two of the men cornered him , guns in their hands , and stole more than $ 200 .
“ I — hands up , ” Singh said . “ Everybody is scared of gun . ”
Police were searching for a gray Lexus with damage to the rear bumper and a Florida license plate .
The Petroleum Technologies Association of Nigeria ( PETAN ) has honoured Shell companies in Nigeria with the Aret Adams Award for Excellence in recognition of their “ outstanding contributions to the development of local content in the Nigerian oil and gas industry . ”
PETAN , comprising 89 indigenous companies in the upstream sector of the oil and gas industry , announced the recognition at the 2017 award night in Lagos , the third corporate laurel to be won by Shell from the organisation . Shell had won PETAN 's Local Content Operator of the Year awards in 2013 and 2015 .
Speaking at the awards ceremony , PETAN President , Bank-Anthony Okoroafor acknowledged the leadership role of Shell Companies in Nigeria in local content development and said the award was well deserved . They added , “ Indigenous companies look to leveraging growth opportunities in the industry . ”
Speaking later , the Managing Director of Shell Nigeria Exploration and production Company Ltd ( SNEPCo ) , Bayo Ojulari , who represented Shell companies in Nigeria . thanked PETAN for the recognition .
They said : “ At Shell , we see local content as a critical business enabler , not just a regulatory requirement , and that is why we took cogent steps to encourage community and Nigerian contractors even before the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development Act was enacted in 2010 . Today , these steps have matured as contracts and funding and other capacity building initiatives as well as highly rewarding collaborative engagements with Nigerian oil and gas professionals in Scotland and suppliers in China . We are pleased that the milestones have been recognised by PETAN and other organisations . ”
The Lagos event also featured awards to other intentional oil companies and Nigerian service providers .
Shell Companies in Nigeria awarded 94 percent of their total number of contracts to Nigerian companies in 2016 , with the total value amounting to $ 0.74 billion .
In a related development , 110 persons have completed the Shell/PETAN Internship Programme designed to support efforts towards tackling the shortage of competent manpower in some critical disciplines in the oil and gas industry , with emphasis on geology and engineering .
Speaking at the graduation of the third batch of the programme in Port Harcourt on Thursday , Managing Director of The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited ( SPDC ) and Country Chair , Shell Companies in Nigeria , Osagie Okunbor said the collaboration with PETAN was targeted at fresh graduates on an annual basis . “ This is achieved through exposure to rich technical on-the-job work experience , designed to equip the participants with practical industry experience and to position them more favourably for employment after the 12-month internship , ” they said .
Represented by the General Manager External Relations , Igo Weli , the SPDC MD also announced the commencement of the fourth batch of the programme .
The Shell/PETAN Internship Programme commenced in 2014 and about 50 percent of the 110 beneficiaries from the first to third batches have been employed by some PETAN member companies .
•Photo shows General Manager External Relations , The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited , Igo Weli ; President , Petroleum Technologies Association of Nigeria ( PETAN ) , Bank Anthony Okoroafor ; Managing Director , Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company ( SNEPCo ) , Bayo Ojulari ; and SNEPCo 's Nigerian Content Manager , Austin Uzoka , at the PETAN Awards Ceremony in Lagos .
Photo by : Al Levine/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank ( NORTH CAROLINA ) — Night Court and Cheers actor Harry Anderson was killed by a stroke , according to a coroner 's report obtained by TMZ .
The 65-year-old actor , who had suffered a long bout of flu and a series of strokes earlier this year , the gossip site notes , suffered what 's called a “ cardioembolic cerebrovascular accident ” — essentially , another stroke — on April 16 , before they were found unresponsive by their wife in their home in Asheville , North Carolina .
The ruling appears to confirm what Anderson 's good friend and fellow actor , Philip Proctor , wrote in a Facebook post the day of Anderson 's death that he , “ passed away quietly in their sleep of unknown causes after contacting the flu several months ago and experiencing some mild strokes while in hospital . ”
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
FILE -- In this Aug. 18 , 2016 file photo , Assemblyman Ian Calderon , D-Whittier , addresses the Assembly in Sacramento , Calif . The Assembly approved Calderon 's measure that would stop sit-down restaurants in California from providing disposable plastic straws with drinks unless customers request them . The bill now goes to the Senate . Rich Pedroncelli , file AP Photo
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) — Victor Oladipo and Bojan Bogdanovic each scored 19 points and the Indiana Pacers beat the Philadelphia 76ers 100-92 on Saturday night .
Oladipo added nine rebounds and four assists . Domantis Sabonis scored 10 points , grabbed eight rebounds and had six assists . Lance Stephenson finished with 14 points and nine rebounds off the bench for Indiana .
Indiana led 76-75 at the start of the fourth quarter , extended its advantage with an 7-2 run and held on with both teams playing on the second night of a back-to-back .
Joel Embiid finished with 24 points and 10 rebounds while playing on both nights of the back-to-back . Ben Simmons scored 10 points and added 11 rebounds for Philadelphia .
Philadelphia fell behind 40-27 in the second quarter but outscored Indiana 24-10 over a seven-minute span for a 51-50 lead . The Pacers used a 12-6 scoring run to end the second quarter to take a 62-57 lead into the locker rooms .
TIP-INS
76ers : Four of Philadelphia 's five starters scored in double figures . Philadelphia 's starters have scored in double figures 17 times this season . . Simmons has scored at least 10 points in 40 of the 76ers 49 games this season .
Pacers : Nate McMillan returned to the Pacers bench after missing Friday 's game in Charlotte due to personal reasons . . The Pacers snapped a seven-game home losing streak to Philadelphia .
TOUGH NIGHT
After recording a double-double in a win against Memphis on Wednesday ( 15 points , 11 rebounds ) and a double-double in a loss to Charlotte on Friday ( 19 points , 11 rebounds ) , Myles Turner found themselves in foul trouble early against Philadelphia and missed much of the first half . Turner finished the game with no points , three rebounds and two assists .
DOUBLE TROUBLE
Embiid had their fifth consecutive double-double .
UP NEXT
76ers : Host Washington on Tuesday
Pacers : Host Washington on Monday
INDIANAPOLIS -- Gun owners that own a potentially defective Taurus pistols only have until Tuesday to get in on a class action settlement .
Those who own the guns have the option to get them replaced or repaired under a settlement class action lawsuit filed last summer .
The lawsuit alleges that nine handgun models had a faulty design that allowed the pistol to inadvertently fire when dropped or to be discharged when the safety feature was still on .
As part of the $ 239 million settlement , Taurus agreed to a voluntary recall of 1 million pistols .
Taurus pistols included in the settlement include the following models :
PT-111 Millennium
PT-132 Millennium
PT-138 Millennium
PT-140 Millennium
PT-145 Millennium
PT-745 Millennium
PT-609 ; PT-640
PT-24/7
The “ Pro ” series of each model is also included in the recall .
The claims period runs through February 6 .
Per the settlement agreement , the company is offering three options : a cash payment , enhanced warranty or safety training .
Under the three options , gun owners can receive up to $ 200 cash in exchange for their defective pistol or they can have their pistols inspected and repaired at no charge .
Taurus will also publish free online training videos and instructions on how to properly operate and handle the Taurus pistols .
The company is covering all shipping and handling costs but says members should review their state and federal regulations before shipping off their weapon . Detailed instructions can be found on the settlement website .
Owners of these pistols can go to the settlement website to get information about submitting claim forms or about how to send your pistol in for repair .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace have released a new photo of their planned Selhurst Park development as they reveal they have officially handed in the planning application .
The new photo was unveiled today ( Friday , February 2 ) on Steve Parish 's Instagram account , along with a comment that said : “ Planning submitted today . Please be vocal and visible in your support , it is essential to make this happen . # cpfc # newselhurst . ”
While the planning application is currently not available to view on Croydon Council 's website a club spokesperson said there have n't been any changes since the plans were first unveiled .
From the new photo , we can see in more detail how the neighbouring Sainsbury 's store would be affected .
There was some surprise when it was revealed that Sainsbury 's was unaware the club was about to announce new stadium plans .
Both the supermarket chain 's car park and the club 's car park would lose some spaces because of the redevelopment of Selhurst Park 's Main Stand .
The stadium plans went before a pre-planning meeting at the council on January 25 , where members of the project team revealed their plans .
A public exhibition was also held in January where supporters and local residents were invited to come and meet the project team to ask questions about the redevelopment .
It has also been revealed that a number of houses on nearby Wooderson Close would have to be demolished .
( Image : Grant Melton )
One resident who will be displaced if the plans go ahead spoke about this saying `` you ca n't stop progress '' .
In response to the fact houses would be demolished , the club stated they would help fund new homes the tenants would be moved to .
What the redevelopment entails
( Image : CPFC )
The rebuild will increase the capacity of Selhurst Park from 26,000 to 34,000 and will cost between £75 million and £100 million .
Designed by KSS , a stadium architect that has also redeveloped Anfield and Twickenham , the focal point of the renovation is the construction of a new five-storey Main Stand .
This will have an all-glass front inspired by the famous Crystal Palace .
As part of the proposal , the length of the pitch will also increase to make it compliant with UEFA regulations and eligible to host international football .
Paul Pogba `` can not be happy '' with their current situation at Manchester United , according to France boss Didier Deschamps .
The 25-year-old midfielder , who has been called up by Deschamps for France 's upcoming friendlies against Colombia and Russia , has missed several important games for United in recent weeks .
Pogba did not feature when Jose Mourinho 's side beat Liverpool in the Premier League , came on as a late substitute in the Champions League defeat to Sevilla and was absent against Brighton in the FA Cup .
Deschamps told L'Equipe : `` This is a situation that they must not appreciate because of everything they would have been able to offer . There must be numerous reasons .
`` He can not be happy with what they are going through with their club . ''
Pogba returned to United from Juventus for £89million in 2016 and won the Europa League and League Cup last season .
They have only made 27 appearances for the Manchester club so far this term , scoring the last of their three league goals for the campaign in November against Newcastle .
Deschamps added : `` It 's not specific to Paul . It can happen elsewhere that a player is a bit down or is going through a particular situation with their club .
`` That could be Paul now , or others at other times , and I will do as I always do and talk to that player to understand better , because I do n't have all the information . ''
Full # TomTube of Tom & Emily Morning Show – Monday 03/19/18 . Replay it all right here .
For your pal who wants to look ready for action , whether she 's scaling a mountain or just bopping to the bodega . `` Frogskins Lite Prizm '' sunglasses , $ 143 at Oakley
Courtesy of Oakley
World Cup-winning skipper Arjuna Ranatunga on Wednesday said corruption “ goes right to the top ” in Sri Lanka and accused the International Cricket Council of undermining the game by failing to tackle match-fixing .
Ranatunga , now a government minister , said cricket corruption in Sri Lanka went far beyond the claims made in an Al Jazeera documentary which aired on Sunday . Ranatunga said the allegations must be investigated , “ but this must have been happening for a long time .
“ This is something that goes right to the top ( in Sri Lanka ) . What they will catch is the small fish . As usual the bigger fish will get away , ” they said .
The documentary alleged that a Sri Lankan player and groundsman were involved a pitch-tampering plot and that there was spot-fixing during Tests between India and England , and India against Australia .
“ I am so disappointed with the ICC anti-corruption unit , ” Ranatunga said , referring to previous complaints against Sri Lanka Cricket , which is headed by politician and business person Thilanga Sumathipala .
The 54-year-old , who led Sri Lanka 's 1996 World Cup-winning team , has in the past accused Sumathipala of involvement in gambling in violation of ICC rules . Sumathipala has denied the charge .
“ If they ca n't see what is happening in Sri Lanka… they should not sit on this anti-corruption unit , ” Ranatunga told reporters .
They said the Sri Lankans implicated in the Al Jazeera documentary could not change the outcome of a Test match unless they had backing from superiors .
“ They ca n't do it unless they have agreement with those right at the top . ”
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Russia 's spat with the US is not a return to the cold war
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Chinese President Xi Jinping is displayed on a big screen as they deliver a speech at the closing session of the annual National People 's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 . Ng Han Guan AP Photo
GREENVILLE , N.C. ( WNCT ) — An ECU student died after a car crash in Charlotte early Sunday morning .
CBS affiliate WBTV reports Destani Breanna May died in the wreck .
East Carolina University confirmed May was enrolled as a student at ECU .
This fall was their first semester at the university , and their intended major was nursing .
WBTV reports a black Dodge Charger driver by Roberto Juarez Ruiz ran a red light at the intersection of West Boulevard and Billy Graham Parkway and hit the passenger side of a black BMW driven by Zandria Lumanu Sapu .
The BMW traveled into the southbound lane and collided with two other cars .
May , the passenger of the BMW , was taken to Carolinas Medical Center , where they were pronounced dead .
Ruiz was charged with driving under the influence of an impairing substance , felony death by motor vehicle and driving without a license .
Sapu was charged with driving after consuming under the age of 21 .
They both suffered minor injuries , as did the rear seat passenger of the BMW and the driver of one of the cars the BMW ran into .
Charlotte-Mecklenburg police told WBTV speed and alcohol were both a contributing factor in the wreck .
NEW YORK — The Grammy Awards are transitioning to online voting and have updated rules for its top category , album of the year .
The Recording Academy announced new changes Wednesday , including its official switch to online voting for its 13,000 members . Voting for the 2018 Grammy Awards will take place in the fall and will include songs and albums released between Oct. 1 , 2016 , and Sept. 30 , 2017 .
Bill Freimuth , the academy 's senior vice-president of awards , said the academy expects to attract younger voters and touring musicians who are away from home during voting season .
“ It is something that has been long-desired , long-talked about and long-investigated , ” they said of online voting , which comes a year after the Latin Grammys made the switch .
Freimuth said there were concerns about security issues , but added they have “ done everything we can to make sure the integrity of the system will be preserved . ”
Another major change is the addition of songwriters to the nominees for album of the year , which was previously reserved for artists , producers and engineers . However , all participants in the album , including featured artists , songwriters , producers and engineers , must now be credited with at least 33 per cent or more playing time on the album to be eligible for nomination . Prior to the new rule , all participants on an album would earn a nomination for album of the year even if they worked on one song .
The album of the year rule change would mainly affect pop , rap and contemporary R & B albums where producers typically vary throughout the project , as opposed to country and rock albums , where fewer producers are present .
Beyonce 's “ Lemonade , ” Drake 's “ Views ” and Justin Bieber 's “ Purpose ” — all nominees this year for album of the year — each had at least 20 producers credited . Adele 's “ 25 , ” which won the top prize in February , had 11 producers . The fifth nominee was country singer Sturgill Simpson , who produced their album by himself .
“ Does participation on a single track on a 12- or 15-track album really signify that they really worked on the album ? When it was put that way most people were saying , ‘ No , not really , ” ' Freimuth said .
If the new rule had been implemented at this year 's show , Bruno Mars and Ryan Tedder would n't have earned Grammys for their production work on Adele 's album , for example . Freimuth added that songwriters and producers who work on a big hit on an album could earn a nomination for record or song of the year for their song .
The new changes were approved last month by the Recording Academy 's board of trustees . Other changes include nomination review committees added to the rap , contemporary instrumental and New Age genres . The committees serve as an additional layer of checks and balances , and for rap , could prevent wins like Macklemore & Ryan Lewis in 2014 over Kendrick Lamar , which were highly criticized . It could also allow rising acts to earn nominations over veteran performers like Eminem and Kanye West , who consistently earn nominations .
“ We form these committees only when we hear from ... those genre communities ( when ) they feel like something 's wrong , or that our nominations could be better , ” said Freimuth . “ For rap , what they were finding was that ‘ legacy ' artists , almost no matter what they released , they would get a nomination because of their name recognition and fan base . ”
The rock , R & B and country genres are other genres that have nomination review committees .
The Grammy Awards have 83 categories . Nominees will be announced Nov. 28 , and the 60th awards show will take place at Madison Square Garden in New York on Jan. 28 , 2018 .
MUMBAI - Outspoken Indian gay rights activist Harish Iyer is used to fighting for equal rights but over the last month they have turned into a messenger of love .
They are the host of `` Gaydio , '' the first radio show dedicated to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender issues in India , where homosexuality is a taboo and gay sex can be punished with up to 10 years in jail .
`` As an activist , it is in my DNA to stand up for a cause , '' Iyer , 38 , told the Thomson Reuters Foundation .
Equal rights advocate Harish Iyer poses for a picture while hosting India 's first LGBTQ-themed radio show `` Gaydio '' in this handout picture . Courtesy of ISHQ 104.8FM
`` You hear heart-warming love stories during your activism , but you are busy being the savior . But on this show , I look at the softer side . ''
India 's penal code bans `` sex against the order of nature , '' which is widely interpreted as homosexual sex , and transgender people face widespread discrimination even though the Supreme Court has enshrined a person 's right to identify as transgender .
The weekly show on commercial radio channel Ishq , which means love in Urdu , was launched in mid-July and is aired every Sunday in the cities of Mumbai , New Delhi and Kolkata .
“ As an activist , it is in my DNA to stand up for a cause . ”
Iyer 's guests on the two-hour Sunday show included a Sikh-Muslim male couple who spoke about how they met , their coming-out experience and still going strong after 12 years .
In another episode , a mother spoke with their son 's ex-boyfriend and in the latest airing , a heterosexual man and their transgender wife shared their story .
Iyer , who hit headlines in 2015 when their mother posted a `` groom wanted '' matrimonial advertisement in a leading English-language newspaper , said people on their show have shared their stories openly .
`` The unique religion , caste , gender and familial bonds in these stories are part of the narrative , '' Iyer said .
Related : Secret Online Groups Provide Safe Space for India 's LGBTQ Community
There is no official data on the LGBTQ population in India , but the government estimates there are 2.5 million gay people , reflecting those who have declared their sexuality to the health ministry .
Campaigners say real numbers are far higher as many individuals conceal their identity fearing discrimination in a country where most marriages still take place within the boundaries of caste and religion .
Shivangini Jajoria , national operations head at Ishq , said the radio station wants to break down boundaries and feature all kind of relationships .
`` When the Muslim and Sikh couple shared their coming out story , it made it easier for others to come out , '' said Jajoria . `` People are also understanding the LGBTQ community better through these stories . ''
Follow NBC Out on Twitter , Facebook and Instagram
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Cigna terminates $ 54bn merger deal with Anthem
Cigna is scrapping its plan to merge with rival Anthem , and is suing insurer for $ 13bn in damages because the agreement did not secure approval .
The health insurer said it was terminating the merger with Anthem after a federal judge blocked the deal over anti-competitive grounds .
In connection with the termination , Cigna has filed a lawsuit against Anthem , seeking payment of $ 1.85bn as reverse termination fee along with compensation for additional damages amounting to over $ 13bn .
The health insurer stated that the amount covers the premium that its shareholders did not realize owing to the failure of the merger deal .
A statement released by Cigna in this connection read : “ The decision to terminate the transaction and seek damages follows the District Court 's findings that the merger would decrease competition and lessen choice in the “ national accounts ” market , in part because the members of the Blue Cross Blue Shield network work together to win national business , and that the competitive harm could not be offset by claimed efficiencies . ”
Cigna said the lawsuit was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery with an objective to get a declaratory judgment that it has terminated the merger agreement lawfully . It also added in the lawsuit that Anthem can not be allowed to extend the termination date .
Anthem on the other hand has released a statement which read : `` Under the terms of the merger agreement , Cigna does not have a right to terminate the agreement . Therefore , Cigna 's purported termination of the merger agreement is invalid . ”
Earlier in the month , a US federal judge Amy Berman Jackson said that the proposed Anthem-Cigna merger would have further worsened the already highly concentrated health insurance market .
The judge noted that the merger had the potential of increased premium costs and decreased product innovation , the judge blocked the proposed transaction .
Cigna stated that it will carry on investing in innovative solutions and programs , expanding its share repurchase authority to $ 3.7bn while committing to partner with health care professionals to create value-based care programs .
Image : Health insurer Cigna decided to terminate merger deal with Anthem . Photo : courtesy of everydayplus/Freedigitalphotos.net .
Los Angeles Kings center Alex Iafallo 19 ) clears the puck from the corner during the second period of the team 's NHL hockey game against the Arizona Coyotes in Los Angeles on Saturday , Feb. 3 , 2018 .
Traffic passes an intersection just north of the location where a woman pedestrian was struck and killed by an Uber self-driving sport utility vehicle in Tempe , Arizona , U.S .
An Uber self-driving car hit and killed a woman crossing the street in Arizona , police said on Monday , marking the first fatality caused by an autonomous vehicle and a potential blow to the technology expected to transform transportation .
The ride services company said it was suspending North American tests of its self-driving vehicles , which are currently going on in Arizona , Pittsburgh and Toronto .
So-called robot cars , when fully developed by companies including Uber , Alphabet Inc and General Motors Co , are expected to drastically cut down on motor vehicle fatalities and create billion-dollar businesses . But Monday 's accident underscored the possible challenges ahead for the promising technology as the cars confront real-world situations involving real people .
U.S. lawmakers have been debating legislation that would speed introduction of self-driving cars .
`` This tragic accident underscores why we need to be exceptionally cautious when testing and deploying autonomous vehicle technologies on public roads , '' said Democratic Senator Edward Markey , a member of the transportation committee , in a statement .
Elaine Herzberg , 49 , was walking their bicycle outside the crosswalk on a four-lane road in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe about 10 p.m. MST Sunday ( 0400 GMT Monday ) when they were struck by the Uber vehicle traveling at about 40 miles per hour ( 65 km per hour ) , police said . The car was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel .
Herzberg later died from their injuries in a hospital , police said .
Local television footage of the scene showed a crumpled bike and a Volvo XC90 SUV with a smashed-in front . It was unknown whether Herzberg was on foot or on a bike .
Volvo , the Swedish car brand owned by China 's Geely , confirmed its vehicle was involved in the crash but said the software controlling the SUV was not its own .
U.S. federal safety regulators were sending teams to investigate the crash . Canada 's transportation ministry in Ontario , where Uber conducts testing , also said it was reviewing the accident .
Wild west
Uber and Waymo on Friday urged Congress to pass sweeping legislation to speed the introduction of self-driving cars into the United States . Some congressional Democrats have blocked the legislation over safety concerns , and Monday 's fatality could hamper passage of the bill , congressional aides said Monday .
Safety advocates called for a national moratorium on all robot car testing on public roads .
`` Arizona has been the wild west of robot car testing with virtually no regulations in place , '' said Consumer Watchdog , a non-profit consumer advocacy group , in a statement . `` That 's why Uber and Waymo test there . When there 's no sheriff in town , people get killed . ''
Arizona has opened its arms to companies testing self-driving vehicles as a means to economic growth and jobs . Republican Governor Doug Ducey reached out to Uber in 2016 after California regulators cracked down on the company over its failure to obtain testing permits .
Self-driving cars being tested routinely get into fender-benders with other vehicles . Last week , a self-driving Uber crashed with another vehicle in Pittsburgh , local news reported . There were no injuries .
A year ago , Uber temporarily grounded its self-driving cars for a few days following a crash with another car in Tempe . The company has been the subject of a number of complaints about its autonomous vehicles , but the company has said the cars were being driven by a human driver at the time of the incidents .
Essential to Uber 's success
Uber has said its ability to build autonomous cars is essential to its success in the rapidly changing transportation industry . The company envisions a network of autonomous cars that would be summoned through the Uber app that would supplement - and eventually replace - human-driven cars .
Uber has logged 2 million self-driving miles ( 3.2 million km ) through December . The company has more than 100 autonomous cars testing on the roads of the greater Phoenix area , the company 's prime testing ground due to the state 's loose regulations and hospitable weather . Rain , snow and ice are particularly challenging for autonomous cars . The company also tests in Pittsburgh and Toronto .
Concerns over the safety of autonomous vehicles flared after a July 2016 fatality involving a Tesla Inc automobile with a partially autonomous system that required human supervision . Safety regulators later determined Tesla was not at fault .
Uber has weathered a series of crises , including sexual harassment claims , using a tracking tool to avoid government officials , and a lawsuit brought by competitor Waymo alleging theft of self-driving trade secrets . Uber settled that lawsuit last month for $ 245 million .
That settlement was largely seen as a means for Uber to resume work on autonomous cars without the distraction of litigation , as it hustles to catch up with Waymo , widely seen as having the most advanced cars in the industry .
Reporting by Sydney Maki and Alexandria Sage ; Additional reporting by Dave Shepardson in Washington , Tina Bellon in New York , Heather Somerville in San Francisco , David Schwartz and Andres Guerra Luz in Phoenix , and Allison Lampert in Montreal ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Lisa Shumaker .
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
In markets worldwide , sceptics lose the fight
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week .
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 *
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
Other Subscription options :
LEGASPI CITY— “ Instead of an award , recognition or at least commendation , I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization ...
All Progressives Congress ( APC ) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly . Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari 's veto on the Electoral Act amendme ...
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy , it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry . But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone , consumers deci ...
The rising security risk of the citizen developer
Citizen developers may help enterprises to develop apps more quickly but what is it going to do to enterprise security ?
While shadow IT was always a challenge for enterprise IT teams , it rapidly started to accelerate with the growth of the smartphone , and then cloud computing with the incredible expansion of public cloud infrastructure and software as a service offering that made it as easy as providing a credit card to access a cloud service . Today , shadow IT has spread beyond smartphones , tablets , and cloud services and is rapidly extending into the domain of the enterprise developer .
The trend could create profound risks for enterprise security teams if these shadow , or citizen , developers , are n't reined .
What is driving citizen development is sheer demand for enterprise apps . According to Gartner , the market demand for app development will grow five times more quickly than IT 's ability to deliver apps through 2021 .
According to research from low-code development platform provider OutSystems , 62 percent of enterprises it surveyed reported deep app development backlogs , with a number having more than 10 apps waiting to be developed . Additionally , 76 percent of IT professionals surveyed said it takes an average of more than three months to develop a custom application . For about 11 percent of those surveyed , that time extends to a year .
With backlogs like that , it 's no surprise that business managers and staff at many enterprises are not happy with how long it takes for the apps they need to be delivered , so they are taking app development into their own hands by turning to platforms such as Appian , Kony , OutSystems , Mendix , Salesforce.com , and others to build the apps that they need . These platforms make it relatively easy for nearly anyone , especially non-professional developers , to build and deploy functioning enterprise apps .
“ The idea of having citizen developers , in general , is a good thing , ” says Mike Thompson , senior director , mobile application development middleware at mobile cross-platform development provider Kony . “ When people very close to the enterprise 's operations are empowered to innovate via mobile applications , their actions can be a key part of digital transformation . ''
There 's little doubt of that . However , enterprises must learn how to manage citizen developer efforts , or they risk not only losing control of the security of the applications employees use and regulated data ending up in apps and places it should n't . “ If business units are creating apps without the support from IT , it 's unlikely they 'll create an app focused on security - which can be pretty scary for enterprise security [ teams ] , ” says John Britton , director of security at VMware .
Britton shared an example . Some time ago their team was asked to clean up a shadow IT application that had been deployed at a business . While the citizen developer did try to include security in the form of usernames and passwords properly hashed in a database : they failed to build a forgot password function . ” The developer eventually gave up resetting passwords and removed the password hash function and stored passwords in the clear . Anyone with access to this database probably had access to the employees ' corporate password , since many people do n't practice good password hygiene and reuse the same password everywhere . This is just one example of how a shadow IT app can seriously risk enterprise security , ” says Britton .
1 2 3 Next Page
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
KNOXVILLE , Tenn. ( CBSMiami ) — A mother 's Facebook post , showing their agonized son struggle to explain why they are being bullied has gone viral . It is sparking a nationwide outpouring of support for the young man and the raw emotion they so publicly shared .
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post Friday they had just picked up their son , Keaton , from school because they were too afraid to go to lunch .
In the video , Keaton said other students call them ugly , make fun of their nose and tell them they have no friends . They said milk was poured on them and ham was put down theirs clothes .
“ Just out of curiosity , why do they bully ? ” Keaton said . “ What 's the point of it ? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them ? It 's not OK. People that are different do n't need to be criticized about it . It 's not their fault . If you are made fun of , just do n't let it bother you . ”
The video was posted Friday morning . Before Keaton could return to school near Knoxville , Tennessee on Monday , it had been viewed more than 20 million times . In addition , a crowdsourcing page for Keaton 's future education had raised more than $ 29,000 .
“ We all know how it feels to want to belong , ” Jones said in their post , “ but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere . ”
Justin Bieber posted a video and said , “ This kid is all-time , he 's a legend , check them out , their name is Keaton . ”
A post shared by Justin Bieber ( @ justinbieber ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 7:20pm PST
Soon , everyone wanted to be Keaton 's friend .
On Twitter , Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game , while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said they and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school .
We 're going to the middle school next Tuesday show young Man some love we will also TWITTER LIVE some of it so everyone can show there love and support # vols # StopBullying @ cboystunna3 @ BroadwayJay2 @ JKShuttlesworth @ smithtrey98 — Tyler Byrd ( @ D1fuzzymuffin17 ) December 9 , 2017
Actor Chris Evans tweeted a message to Keaton and invited them to the premiere of the next Avengers movie .
Stay strong , Keaton . Do n't let them make you turn cold . I promise it gets better . While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world , how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year ? https : //t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans ( @ ChrisEvans ) December 10 , 2017
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time they come home to their native Knoxville , they want to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize .
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I 'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say they are sorry to you . you do n't deserve that . keep your head up and continue to be kind…you will always Come out on top . sending a hug . https : //t.co/fZn2hbMPKp — Kelsea Ballerini ( @ KelseaBallerini ) December 10 , 2017
Retired racecar driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter they want Keaton to “ add me to your long list of friends , ” and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton “ has a friend for life ” and that “ love is the only way to beat hate . ”
Hailee Steinfeld asked Keaton , on Twitter , to be their date to the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere on Tuesday .
Hi @ Lakyn_Jones , could you pass this message along to Keaton ? ❤ pic.twitter.com/3l8P4fKAqW — Hailee Steinfeld ( @ HaileeSteinfeld ) December 10 , 2017
University of Tennessee quarterback Jarrett Guarantano beat them all to it when they visited Keaton in person on Sunday and posted a picture of them together .
So I got the chance to spend the day with my new best bud Keaton . It was unbelievable to get to know them and realize that we have a lot in common . This dude is very special and has changed my life forever . Now I have the little brother I always wanted ! God bless you my man pic.twitter.com/vMHVtnf2rC — Jarrett Guarantano✞ ( @ BroadwayJay2 ) December 11 , 2017
Ultimate Fighting Championship President Dana White also said they wanted to bring Keaton to Las Vegas to hang out at UFC headquarters .
“ I 'm humbled by the voice my boy has been given , ” their mom Kimberly wrote in a later post . “ But he 's still just a little boy . ”
1:40
A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
2:06
How Pacific Coast Lumber of SLO gives dead trees new life in people 's homes
1:35
Black Rose Writing enters 2017 with a continued mission to grow in terms of promotion and sales for their authors . Coming off the best sales quarter in their history , the independent publisher guarantees to remain to active in adjusting with the publishing industry , offering both traditional and hybrid options to their authors . Black Rose Writing is comfortable with new marketing techniques and looks forward to attending over a dozen book festivals and trade shows across the U.S . Authors are welcome to submit via our partner , Authors.me .
—
Black Rose Writing is an independent publishing house that strongly believes in developing a personal relationship with their authors . The Texas-based publishing company does n't see authors as clients or just another number on a page , but rather as individual people… people who deserve an honest review of their material and to be paid traditional royalties without ever paying any fees to be published .
Black Rose Writing , established in 2006 , features books from an array of fiction , non-fiction , and children 's book genres , all having one thing in common , an individual 's originality and hardship . It can take endless hours to finish a deserving manuscript , and Black Rose Writing applauds each and every author , giving them a chance at their dream . Because Black Rose Writing takes full advantage of modern printing technology , the company has an infinite print run via print-on-demand services .
Black Rose Writing 's success with their authors is due mainly to their many lines of promotion , ( examples : showcasing book titles at festivals , scheduling book events , flexible marketing programs , and sending out press releases and review copies , etc . ) and they provide a broad distribution ( Ingram , Baker & Taylor , Amazon , Barnes & Noble , and more… ) that larger book publishers also reach . We are proud members of IBPA ( Independent Book Publishers Association ) and the TAA ( Texas Authors Association ) .
About Black Rose Writing
Black Rose Writing is an independent publishing house that strongly believes in developing a personal relationship with their authors . The Texas-based publishing company does n't see authors as clients or just another number on a page , but rather as individual people… people who deserve an honest review of their material and to be paid traditional royalties without ever paying any fees to be published .
Simone Holtznagel ( Australia 's Next Top Model ) has teamed up with Bras N Things to celebrate their new Playboy range for 2017 .
The new collection is available from today with pieces starting from $ 29.99 , with sizes 10-14 and cups between A-E .
When asked about their involvement , Simone Holtznagel said –
“ I love that there is always padding in the Bras N Things Playboy product . Once sizes go above a D , most lingerie labels tend to remove the padding , but I always love that extra lift in addition to the beautiful hardware detailing . ”
Take a look at some of the imagery :
The new Bras N Things Playboy collection is available in stores nationally and online at www.brasnthings.com
You May Also Like :
The number of Wisconsin influenza-associated hospitalizations continues to grow in a historic flu season across the entire country .
More than 600 Wisconsinites were hospitalized with flu-associated illnesses last week , according to the Department of Health Service 's weekly , Respiratory Virus Surveillance Report .
From Sept. 1 to Jan. 27 , there was a total of 3,809 influenza-related hospitalizations in Wisconsin . During the week from Jan. 20 to Jan. 27 , there were 613 hospitalizations . The week prior , there were 646 hospitalizations .
Children are among the most vulnerable . So far , no kids have been reported dead of flu-related illnesses in Wisconsin .
But numbers released Friday from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show 53 pediatric , flu-related deaths across the country since Oct. 1 . According to the CDC report , 16 of those deaths were reported last week .
Of those hospitalized in Wisconsin , 41 patients were under the age of 1 , 60 were ages 1-4 , and 75 were between the aged of 5 and 17 .
While children are vulnerable , the majority of patients are older . 392 patients were 18-49 and 709 were ages 50 to 64 . The majority of cases were of people 65 and older , specifically 2,532 hospitalizations .
The CDC also classifies Wisconsin as one of 48 states currently seeing `` widespread '' flu activity .
At Children 's Hospital of Wisconsin , director of physician affairs Dr. Lyn Ranta said `` hundreds '' of children have been through the emergency room in the last month with flu-like symptoms .
`` There 's far more influenza here in Wisconsin right now than probably since three or four years ago , '' Ranta said . `` Our emergency room department volumes have been significantly higher than this time last year . ''
`` They 've added extra shifts to make sure we can accommodate patients , '' they added .
Ranta said the current , peak flu season could hang around for another three to five weeks .
They said it 's not too late to get a flu shot .
`` You may still get sick , '' Ranta said . `` But you wo n't be as sick as if you did n't get your flu shot . ''
Locally , parents of young children said they are taking extra precautions .
`` It seems like ( the flu ) is extra bad this year , '' said Lisa Pieper , of Wauwatosa . `` I 'm making everyone sanitize their hands constantly , we 're all washing our hands constantly . ''
`` When you have a middle-school age , 13-year old boy , that kind of terrifies me , '' said Pieper , a Mom of three . `` Because people are dying . ''
Jolie Parchmont , of Milwaukee , said their 6-year old son Oliver received a flu shot .
`` We 've just seen , from personal experience , that this year a higher number of our friends and families are being affected by ( the flu ) , '' Parchmont said .
In addition to children , pregnant women and the elderly are the most vulnerable to influenza .
Review favours human gene editing under stringent conditions
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
We 've all heard of driving while Black . Now , taking out the trash while Black can make you a victim of police tactics .
On the evening of September 23 , Desiree Collins , 52 , was taking out the trash outside of their St. Paul , Minnesota home when they were viciously attacked by a police dog . Body cam footage shows a terrified Collins on the ground with the K-9 biting into their arm . Them eyes are wide and they are screaming in pain while an officer says , “ You 're fine , you 're fine. ” The officers , with no sense of urgency , gently gets the K-9 to release Desiree . When they asked , “ What did I do ? ” An officer answered , “ Just in the wrong place at the wrong time. ” Watch below .
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? time_continue=75 & v=Bu-eTmDFzNg
According to The Washington Post , this “ professionally trained police dog ” went wild because the officer had the animal on a long leash and they broke free . St. Paul police apologized to Desiree in a brief statement , “ What happened to Ms. Collins was a terrible accident that should not have occurred . I am sorry it happened and that they were injured . As a department , we wish we could go back and do things differently . Unfortunately , we ca n't . What we can do is apologize and take responsibility. ” However , Andrew Noel , Collins 's attorney , told Star Tribune , “ What you have here is a completely innocent person taking out their garbage … and a K-9 simply was n't controlled . It should never have happened. ” Desiree suffered multiple injuries and has now filed a federal lawsuit .
This is n't the first time a St. Paul police dog wrongfully attacked a civilian . In March of 2017 , St. Paul police paid $ 2 million to a man assaulted by police and bitten by a K-9 . In March 2016 , the city paid $ 200,000 to another woman bitten by a K-9 .
To make matters worse , the officer who was in control of the K-9 that bit Desiree Collins is still on duty with the department — and so is the K-9 . Let 's imagine if Desiree Collins had a dog that bit a police officer who was in the “ wrong place at the wrong time. ” Take a wild guess on what would have happened to the dog and Desiree .
SOURCE : Minneapolis Star Tribune , Washington Post
SEE ALSO :
Philando Castile 's Mother Offers Support
Cop Who Killed Philando Castile Leaves Police Department With $ 48,500 Buyout
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
/ Front page / News
Update : 6:21PM SCHOOLS like Ratu Kadavulevu School ( RKS ) , Queen Victoria School ( QVS ) , Ratu Sukuna Memorial School ( RSMS ) and Saint Joseph Secondary School ( SJSS ) are the determining factors in who gets to win the 2017 Coke games .
FIJI Association of Sports and National Olympic Committee ( FASANOC ) and Athletics Fiji president Joseph Rodan said the three schools could really play a huge role in who gets to win the upcoming games .
�I think Natabua could pull through but even RKS , RSMS and QVS have got some good athletes who have clocked some good times and have been coached by qualified athletics Fiji coaches and these athletes could come and take medals away from the bigger schools which could cause a big upset in who is going to win in the boys division , � Rodan said .
They said SJSS would be a determining factor in who wins the girls title which would be heavily contested by Adi Cakobau School and Jasper Williams High School ( JWHS ) .
Sorry , Nick Viall . Another runner-up is getting a second shot at love on reality TV .
On Thursday , race car driver Arie Luyendyk Jr. was announced as the 22nd bachelor in franchise history during an appearance on “ Good Morning America . ”
“ I just kind of went in with an open mind , open heart , ” Luyendyk Jr. said of becoming ABC 's next leading man . “ It just kind of hit me right now that I 'm here . ”
Luyendyk Jr. , 35 , first appeared on Season 8 of “ The Bachelorette ” in 2012 , where they competed to win the heart of Emily Maynard . The Arizona native was sent home with a broken heart , as Maynard chose entrepreneur Jef Holm instead . The couple ended their engagement months later .
Thursday 's announcement comes as a surprise to much of bachelor nation , who believed Season 13 “ Bachelorette ” runner-up Peter Kraus was the only man for the job . Series creator Mike Fleiss confirmed Wednesday on Twitter that Rachel Lindsay 's ex would not be joining the show .
While Luyendyk Jr. 's journey has yet to begin , it appears they have some explaining to do , particularly to their family .
“ It 's been such a quick turn of events and my family does n't even know , ” they said . “ So now they know . So they know along with you guys . ”
NBC 7 's Derek Togerson shares how the gift of an organ donation from a Raven 's player kept a baseball hall-of-famer alive . ( Published Friday , Feb 2 , 2018 )
NBC 7 's Derek Togerson shares how the gift of an organ donation from a Raven 's player kept a baseball hall-of-famer alive . See More
RALEIGH , N.C. ( WNCN/WNCT ) — An ECU student found dead in Falls Lake in August drowned while presumably impaired by marijuana and LSD , according to an autopsy released Monday .
The medical examiner ruled the death of Annalisa Christine Schulze , 19 , an accident .
Schulze 's body was found fully clothed in the lake after it was spotted by two men riding ATVs .
Schulze had planned to meet friends camp at the lake that weekend , and authorities found their campsite nearby , officials said .
Schulze attended ECU starting in the fall of 2016 and was enrolled at the university during the spring semester as well , the school confirmed . They were majoring in sociology .
EARLIER : ECU student 's body found with laceration in lake in Wake County
Eagles announce tour dates with son of the late Glenn Frey
hello
FILE - In this Jan. 15 , 2014 , file photo , Joe Walsh of The Eagles performs on the `` History of the Eagles '' tour at the Forum in Inglewood , California . Walsh and the rest of the Eagles announced Aug. 14 , 2017 , that they would be heading out on tour with the son of founding member Glenn Frey stepping in for their late father . ( Photo by John Shearer/Invision/AP , File ) Associated Press
LOS ANGELES -- The Eagles are heading out on tour with a son of founding member Glenn Frey stepping in for their late father .
The band announced Monday that it will visit Greensboro , North Carolina ; Atlanta ; Louisville , Kentucky ; and Detroit in October . The shows will follow a Sept. 30 date with The Doobie Brothers in Seattle .
The Eagles played concerts in Los Angeles and New York last month for their first shows since Frey died at the age of 67 in January 2016 .
Their son Deacon filled in on guitar and vocals at the concerts and will join the band on tour in the fall .
Constable : Old Cub favorites get rings
hello
The Cubs World Series rings are n't for everybody . But plenty of Cubs employees and former players will get some sort of jewelry .
These two great Cubs finished short of the World Series in 1969 . But Glenn Beckert , left , and Ron Santo , shown here as roomies relaxing during a road trip to New York in 1969 , both made the list to get 2016 World Series rings . Beckert will receive their Wednesday at Wrigley Field , and Santo , who died in 2010 , will have their ring on display at The Friendly Confines . Associated Press
Just when you thought the Chicago Cubs were done celebrating last year 's championship , they open the door to some former players who may have dropped out of sight but never out of our hearts . Chances are good that one of your favorite players from an earlier Cubs era will be back in town Wednesday to receive a World Series ring .
For me , that means Glenn Beckert , the Cubs ' All-Star second-baseman who played from 1965 through 1973 . Others who will be receiving alumni rings during the festivities surrounding Wednesday afternoon 's game at Wrigley Field against the Milwaukee Brewers include Randy Hundley ( the catcher for the 1969 Cubs ) , Jose Cardenal ( the popular playmaker of the Cubs teams in the 1970s ) , Lee Smith ( the closer for the Cubs of the 1980s ) , Jody Davis ( the catcher on those 1980s Cubs teams ) , Bob Dernier ( the leadoff man for the 1984 Cubs ) , Steve Trout ( the unconventional lefty who came from the White Sox just in time to pitch the Cubs into the 1984 playoffs ) and Scott Sanderson ( a starting pitcher who was part of the rotation during two playoff runs in the 1980s ) .
The Cubs already have given 2016 World Series rings to Hall of Famers who never made it to the championship arena as players , with presentations to Billy Williams , Fergie Jenkins and Ryne Sandberg . The franchise awarded rings posthumously to fellow Hall of Famers Ernie Banks and Ron Santo . But players who do n't have those Hall of Fame numbers still can earn a top spot with fans , who remember warm , fun feelings even if we forget the cold , hard stats . How these players made us feel is the key .
`` Every fan has their favorite players growing up , but Cubs fans are fortunate to have an ongoing relationship with these alumni , thanks to their continued involvement with the team through events like Cubs Convention , Cubs Caravan community tour , 7th inning stretch , ceremonial first pitches and more , '' emails Julian Green , the Cubs vice president of communications and community affairs . `` The team considered number of years spent with the team during both a player 's on-field career and their active post-career involvement , including number of Cubs Conventions attended , when awarding alumni rings . ''
For many fans old enough to remember the 1969 Cubs , Beckert was our guy . Actor Joel Murray , a brother of Bill Murray , says they were a Beckert guy . A second baseman for most of my baseball-playing days , I was such a Beckert fan that I successfully lobbied my high school baseball coach to give me Beckert 's No . 18 . My first computer password at the Daily Herald was Beckert , I once traded a Ken Griffey Jr. rookie baseball card for a Beckert rookie card , and a Beckert baseball card still occupies a spot in my newsroom cubicle .
At a 1993 baseball banquet featuring former ballplayers , I got to sit next to my idol . They could n't have been nicer . When they were given a plaque with their first name misspelled as `` Glen , '' I was about to make a fuss , but Beckert silenced me with a simple look and then explained that they did n't want to embarrass the organizers . Beckert got their chance with the Cubs because 1962 Rookie of the Year Ken Hubbs was killed in a plane crash after the 1963 season .
Beckert , 24 , started the 1965 season as the Cubs ' second baseman and held down that spot until they were traded to the San Diego Padres before the 1974 season . They rarely belted homers , hardly ever struck out , hit .342 in 1971 and won a Gold Glove for their fielding in 1968 .
But many of my Beckert memories were made as a boy in our barnyard spending hours hitting rocks toward the barn , pretending to be him . In my pretend games , Beckert rarely launched a homer onto the roof , but they peppered the barn door with so many singles that our cows must have feared my kid voice proclaiming , `` And now Beckert steps up to the plate . ''
An old Cub is a time machine to fun moments in fans ' lives . That 's worth a ring .
Phil Emerson/Harper Digital Entertainment
Collie Buddz finally made a welcome return to music with Good Life ( released in May ) , marking their first album in a decade . It has never been proven easy for dancehall or reggae artists to stay relevant , as the genres ' turnaround have become so fast-paced , but the Bermudian artist found a way to stay true to themselves and give core fans what they 've been craving for . `` It 's been a long time in the making ! '' Buddz explained over the phone as they just woke up in the afternoon from sunny California . `` A lot of the beats I had from years ago , so it was a lot of emotions mixed into one [ record ] . '' Keep reading below for our conversation with the artist , who is now finding their way back into the mainstream spotlight 10 years after their self-titled debut album .
FUSE : Were you nervous about putting out this record ? It 's your first in 10 years !
Collie Buddz : Yeah , I was . You know , we released a lot of music throughout but this is definitely the first full-length album in years . But I was kind of nervous just to promote an album that 's been a decade in the making . I 've dabbled in different genres—I have a couple pop songs—and it felt good to get back to what I do , which is reggae . What was your mindset like for this album ?
A lot of it is based on life on the road and mixed emotions about being away from home . And the “ good life ” for me is being around family , so that 's mixed in there as well . Basically I just needed to put out a project [ laughs ] . We did n't have a lot of time either , but it was n't rushed . That was one emotion that I had too : “ Just get it done ! ” Why did you want to do more one-drop reggae instead of dancehall that us fans have become used to ?
I 've been doing a lot of tours with the bands out here [ in California ] and we just finished one up with Rebelution . And that 's what I really loved growing up , the roots and conscious reggae music . So I definitely wanted to that tie into this album . But yeah , it is missing a little bit of dancehall . But dancehall has kind of changed in the last 10 years or so , music in general has changed . So I was trying to evolve the one-drop that I love to a nowadays feel . I think my favorite songs are “ Lovely Day ” and “ Used To . ''
I got ta say my favorites are “ I Got You , ” which is produced by Stephen McGregor and Supa Dups . It 's that nice transition between the one-drop and dancehall . That and “ Good Life , ” I love them both . But “ Lovely Day ” is definitely one of my favorites too . I had the first verse written back in 2009 . That was tough to finish because when you 've been sitting on something for so long , you 're like “ Well I do n't know how to do this ! ” Well did you change it from the original at all ?
Oh definitely . It was on a hip-hop beat so we changed it a lot . But as soon as I heard the new riddim , I knew it had to fit on the album . I had fun with that one , reliving the younger days ! [ laughs ]
Harper Digital Entertainment
I like that you do n't have too many collaborations on it , because that can take away from the music sometimes . But how did these come about ?
Well Supa Dups had Kat Dahlia in the studio and they were doing some stuff , but they always had that chorus [ on “ Save Me From the Rain ” ] . As soon as I heard it I was like , “ Yo this is so wicked . I got ta use it for the album. ” Kat Dahlia is an amazing vocalist ; they just killed it . So that 's how that one came about , it was kind of just handed to me . That makes my life easy ! [ laughs ] . With P-Lo , my tour manager is from the Bay Area and they mentioned him . Once I heard some of their music I asked if they could jump on the track . About a week later they sent back the verse…that was awesome . “ Level ” is—I would n't call it trip—but a little more along the lines of those genres . And the Snoop Dogg and Riff Raff one… What was that like ? Did you meet Snoop ?
I have n't met either of them in person . I got like three songs with Snoop but never met him . So Riff Raff hit me up , I think on Instagram , and asked if I could get on the song . I was like , “ Well… ” because if you heard their music—
It 's completely opposite from what you do .
Yeah , exactly ! So once they sent me the track and I heard the chorus I was like , “ Yo that 's what 's up ! ” I did a couple verses and they decided to get Snoop on there as well . I think that 's the way things go nowadays , just sending people tracks . I have n't been in the studio with most of the collaborations I 've done , really . Maybe I 'm just out the loop [ laughs ] . Will you be going on tour soon ?
Yeah , so we have a couple shows left with Rebelution and then we 'll hit Europe after that . That 'll be the official start of the Good Life tour . We 'll head to the West Coast around November and the East Coast in January or February . I 've realized a lot of dancehall and reggae artists usually begin their tours in Europe . I feel like they 're more appreciative of the music rather than people here in the States .
I 'm not sure , but it 's definitely true . I think maybe we 're a little spoiled over here . We have the opportunity to see any artists we want , so maybe that has something to do with it . They definitely appreciate the music a lot [ in Europe ] . The last time I was there…I do n't know what it is but they always have a love for the foundation of reggae music . I know there 's still DJs out there who still play records and turntables . I remember the first time I went out there to play a show and the guy goes , “ Okay , give me your instrumentals. ” I handed them a CD and they were like , “ What 's this ? I only have turntables ! ” [ laughs ] But yeah , Europe is such a different vibe . It kind of reminds me of the west coast , just more laidback with people enjoying themselves . For someone who was just being introduced to your music , what 's the first song they should listen to ?
I would say “ Come Around , ” “ Blind To You , ” “ Good Life ” and “ Lovely Day. ” Oh “ Mamacita ” too ! You brought up the changes in dancehall earlier . I spoke to Konshens a few months ago and they think the genre is on the come up again with all the new faces .
Yeah I agree , with Alkaline and everyone . I 've always loved dancehall . There was a patch for me where I kind of dipped off—I think it was more to do with the quality . There was so much music coming out that it was a little much for me to stay up to date . But the new artists that are coming out right now are definitely holding it together . And you still have Kartel who 's in jail and is still running it ! But me for right now , at this current time in my life , I like soca a lot .
You know what 's funny ? I 'm Jamaican so I grew up with a lot of dancehall in my house and barely listened to soca .
When I was younger , I used to hate soca . If you listened to dancehall and reggae music , soca was like the joke . We did n't take it seriously !
Exactly . But now I like listening to groovy soca . It has a lot of melody and almost reminds me of dancehall in a way because it 's all about having a good time . That 's what I like . Every song is like , “ Let 's just drink and wine and have some fun ! ” I miss the conscious reggae side , but I think that 's starting to come back with Chronixx and Protoje . I grew up with Luciano , Anthony B , Sizzla and all of those ‘ 90s conscious music , so I kind of miss that era . So which artists do you think are the next generation of dancehall or reggae ?
I definitely think Chronixx and Protoje , those two will definitely live long in the industry . They 're young and it 's refreshing to hear their music . I hope more artists come out like that . Kabaka Pyramid is also another one . Do you listen to more dancehall and soca ? Or do you like hip-hop as well ?
I own a radio station in Bermuda called Vibe 103 and it 's a Top 40 station . We always have a live DJ too but we always throw in the top dancehall and soca songs in there as well . So we 'll maybe play 10 minutes of EDM and then another 10 minutes of dancehall…so my knowledge of other genres is always going up because I listen to it every day . I like some of the EDM stuff as well . But the trap music , there are only a few songs I can handle . I 'm trying to build up my tolerance . [ laughs ] Oh it can get repetitive sometimes .
Or maybe I 'm just getting old ! Maybe I 'm not up to date with all the new talk , but the young kids love it . Whenever we play it on the station I ask the DJ how long we 're gon na play it for ! I always wonder with established artists if you find it hard to compete . Or have you found your own lane ?
You definitely have to find your own lane , especially with the exposure you can get on the internet . Music is subjective , right ? So you got ta be your own artist and see where it goes . You ca n't follow people because that 's selling yourself short . Then you get tired of that and when you do express who you are as an artist , people might say “ Well why did you change ? ” Well this is the real me ! So I definitely feel like you have to be your own artist , for me anyway .
Phil Emerson/Harper Digital Entertainment
Do n't fall for this scam on Facebook .
According to Delish , there is a post going around Facebook asking users to text TARGET to a number and they 'll receive a free gift card .
Who would n't want a free Target gift card ? ! Well , it 's a security and ID theft scam known as `` smishing . ''
IDTheftinfo.org , a website by the Consumer Federation of America , explains that it 's like a phishing scam , but the hacker will send you a link over text message rather than email . Once you click on the link , the scammer will bait you for information like you credit card information or your social security number .
On top of that , Snopes says clicking the link may also compromise your Facebook account , meaning that bots can keep sharing the scam to your followers , without you even knowing .
If you see this post on Facebook watch out for it and alert your friends to be cautious . Giving out personal information online to random sources can be dangerous so always protect yourself !
The Killers have released a new single titled “ The Man . ”
Related : The Killers Perform New Track , ‘ Run for Cover '
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born ( assuming you do n't count their 2016 Christmas album Do n't Waste Your Wishes ) . Hopefully , this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent .
Check out the latest from The Killers below .
A traditional ruler in Ise Town , Ibeju Lekki , Lagos State , Taibu Ogunbanjo , has crushed their wife , Rotimi Ogunbanjo to death .
Following the development , the monarch has been arrested by the police and is in detention .
The couple , married three years ago , have been having challenges with the marriage , resulting in frequent fights .
Ogunbanjo , who runs a block-moulding factory at Folu , a community in Ibeju Lekki , was said to have had another fight with their wife on December 7 , a development that made Rotimi to visit the business premises of their husband , damaging some blocks .
Ogunbajo was reported to have entered their Toyota Highlander and was driving out of the premises in anger when they knocked down their wife .
Rotimi reportedly died on the spot .
The spokesperson of the Lagos State Police Command , SP Chike Oti , confirmed the development .
Ota said : “ We are investigating the matter to find out what transpired between the man and their wife before the incident happened .
“ They were having family issues , which led the woman to the block industry to destroy things .
“ We want to know whether what the man did was a reaction to what their wife did .
“ We believe there is more to the ‘ accident ' than meets the eye because there was an altercation between them before the incident occured . ”
Ota said the case had been transferred to the Homicide Section of the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department , Yaba .
Modern Luxury , the regional magazine publisher controlled by the Dickey family , confirmed it has finally purchased Greengale Publishing , owners of Hampton , Gotham , Ocean Drive and L.A . Confidential among other magazine titles .
Modern Luxury CEO Michael Dickey said they do not plan to close any of the newly acquired titles despite overlap in a number of cities , including Beach in the Hamptons , Manhattan magazine in New York City and other markets including Chicago and Miami .
“ It took years to do , but we finally got it done , ” said Dickey of the deal that they finally announced on Monday .
Terms of the merger were not disclosed .
News that a deal was finally being signed after years of on-again , off-again negotiations was first reported on nypost.com Monday .
“ Our goal is to keep all the magazines up and running and to increase sales staff and editorial staff in those markets , ” said Dickey . They conceded that there would be some “ synergies ” regarding staffing at back shop operations but had no numbers to reveal .
Both Modern Luxury and Greengale have been cutting costs , but Modern Luxury has also been expanding its footprint . Last year , it started Silicon Valley magazine and has plans on the books to start Palm Beach magazine in November .
“ The ad market for publishing in general has been decreasing but for Modern Luxury it has been increasing , ” Dickey said . “ The luxury market remains very strong . ”
Indeed , Dickey said the deal is about expanding a footprint for luxury advertisers .
“ We 're now in the top 20 resort markets in the country , ” Dickey said .
Executives from Greengale were not immediately available for comment .
Katherine Nicholls , the CEO of Greengale , is going to retire but the chief financial officer of Greengale , Jonathan Kushnir , will become the CFO of the combined company , which will now boast 84 regional magazines including CS [ Chicago Social ] , San Francisco magazine , Houston magazine , Miami magazine and Atlantan magazine among others .
Greengale Publishing was controlled by Jane Greenspun Gale , a scion of a Las Vegas real estate and publishing family and their husband Jeff Gale .
Lewis Dickey , recently forced out as CEO of troubled radio giant Cumulus Media , is the chairperson of Modern Luxury . The Dickey family remains one of the largest
shareholders in Cumulus , but it is a separate entity from the publishing company that was acquired from GE Capital in September 2010 .
Greengale Publishing emerged from the family-run Greenspun Media , a Las Vegas-based media company that at one time included the Las Vegas Sun newspaper and other Las Vegas titles . It added Ocean Drive and later purchased Jason Binn 's Niche Media for what is believed to have been a $ 100 million plus deal in 2007 .
But when the Great Recession hit , the value of the ad supported properties declined coupled with losses and a bitter family feud that shattered the Greenspun family . The family got its start when dad Hank Greenspun served as a publicist for Bugsy Siegel .
After the patriarch 's death , a bitter family feud erupted and various siblings divided up the company . Brian Greenspun emerging as the sole owner of the paper and Jane took over the former Niche Media titles in a magazine company . It changed the company name from Niche to Greengale Publishing in 2015 .
SNOW HILL , N.C. ( WNCT ) — A Greene County nursing home employee was arrested Friday after the Sheriff 's Office said they abused an 87-year-old client .
Tiara Shackleford , 21 , of Snow Hill , was charged with patient abuse and assault on a handicapped person .
The Greene County Sheriff 's Office began investigating on November 26 after the family went to the Sheriff 's Office with allegations their family member was suffering abuse at the Greendale Forest Nursing and Rehabilitation Center in Snow Hill .
Detectives investigated and based on interviews and other evidence , they arrested Shackleford .
Shackleford is out on $ 25,000 bail and is due in court December 22 .
Trump eliminates rule whereby energy firms must make foreign payments public
Washington , Feb 14 ( EFE ) .- US President Donald Trump on Tuesday eliminated a rule approved during the Barack Obama administration that had obligated energy firms to make public their payments to foreign governments , one of the many Democratic regulations that the Republicans want to ax .
Trump signed a bill pushed by Republican congressional leaders repealing a regulation finalized last year by the Securities and Exchange Commission to comply with the financial reform law approved by Obama in 2010 and which the new president wants to revoke .
The regulation demanded that publicly traded US energy and mining firms make public their earnings and payments to foreign governments with an eye toward combating corruption in countries rich in energy resources .
The regulation was part of the Dodd-Frank Act , the 2010 regulatory reform package implemented in response to the financial crisis and recession .
“ This is a big signing , very important signing . We are bringing back jobs , big league . … The energy jobs are coming back , ” said Trump upon signing the bill , the third they have inked since their Jan. 20 inauguration .
The president , who signed the law in the presence of Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan and other lawmakers , reiterated that their administration will bring back jobs not only in energy , but also in industry and mining .
The measure is one of several being pushed by Republicans to take advantage of a 1996 law that has not been utilized in two decades that provides a new president and Congress with the power to revoke the rules and regulations promulgated by the prior administration in the last 60 days of the previous legislative session .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters at their daily press briefing that the signing of the repeal was the start of a plan to eliminate Obama-era regulations .
Energy firms like ExxonMobil – formerly headed by newly-confirmed Secretary of State Rex Tillerson – had opposed the regulation eliminated on Tuesday along with the US Chamber of Commerce , arguing that US companies could lose their competitiveness to foreign firms if they published the terms of their contracts .
On the other hand , the Senate Democratic opposition argued that the measure was a key mechanism for ensuring transparency and fighting corruption and fraud , thereby protecting US citizens and investors in the words of progressive Sen. Sherrod Brown ( D-Ohio ) , who is on the upper house 's banking committee .
While the 2010 financial reform remains in place , the SEC is obligated to create some kind of transparency rule for extraction industries , meaning that it must draft another regulation different from the one repealed on Tuesday .
DENVER , CO -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - American Cannabis Company , Inc. ( OTCQB : AMMJ ) ( the `` Company '' ) , a business-to-business consulting firm and distributor of ancillary products and services to the cannabis industry , today announced it has secured its first retainer client ( the `` Client '' ) in the state of Louisiana . The Client , CB Medical , LLC ( `` CB Medical '' ) , is a newly formed entity that is one of the applicants for the LSU-sponsored medical marijuana program . LSU has indicated that it will select finalists for live presentations next month , and then it will determine a winner in June 2017 .
CB Medical retained American Cannabis Company to assist them in designing and operating a medical marijuana program for patients in Louisiana in partnership with the Louisiana State University ( `` LSU '' ) and the Louisiana State University AgCenter ( `` the AgCenter '' ) . The medical marijuana program plans feature a production facility in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , that will be custom-built to produce medical marijuana for the program , complete with an indoor cultivation center , an extraction and formulation lab , a testing lab , and an LSU research lab . The CB Medical production facility will showcase American Cannabis Company 's proprietary cultivation methods in two phases : phase 1 will use the Cultivation Cube™ model , a self-contained growing system purposed for commercial-scale growing and speed-to-market execution ; and phase 2 will apply the High Density Cultivation System™ , which maximizes potential profit and space utilized with its vertical racking structure .
CB Medical Chairman of the Board , Dr. Kenneth Perego , MD , adds , `` We are excited to have American Cannabis Company as our long-term partner for the LSU project . We selected them as our [ cannabis ] consultant because we believe that they are the best at what they do in the industry . In particular , we were impressed by their proprietary cultivation methods and their past experience with projects similar to this one . This is the right group to help us produce pharmaceutical-grade medicine at our production facility . ''
The LSU medical marijuana program is requiring bidders to compete for one of only two medical marijuana licenses issued by the Louisiana Department of Agriculture & Forestry to produce pharmaceutical-grade cannabis for patients in the state . Seven ( 7 ) companies applied for the offer and submitted SFO proposals to LSU Procurement Services , including CB Medical . Per LSU Procurement Services and Louisiana WAFB Channel 9 News , CB Medical is one of the six out of seven applicants located in the state of Louisiana . The LSU Solicitation for Offer ( `` SFO '' ) was issued earlier this year and was due on March 31 .
American Cannabis Company was retained to complete the required SFO for LSU 's medical marijuana program in an effort to organize the first legal , commercial-level cannabis operation within the state of Louisiana . If CB Medical is awarded the offer by LSU , the Company will work with their executive team to plan , deploy , and oversee cultivation and marijuana-infused product manufacturing operations . The team expects to have medical marijuana available to Louisiana patients by the end of the year .
Terry Buffalo , CEO of American Cannabis Company , commented : `` We are excited to be working with the CB Medical group , and we would be honored to partner with LSU and the LSU AgCenter as well . For this program , we have assembled a world-class team of experts that we believe are exceptionally qualified to contribute to this project . Louisiana is a unique market because of the state 's mandate for oil-based products ( i.e . no smoking or vaping ) , so we had an opportunity to create some new , custom strategies to fulfill the expected patient demand . ''
Earlier this week , CB Medical announced that it had partnered with American Cannabis Company in anticipation of the LSU medical marijuana production license . ( http : //www.theadvocate.com/baton_rouge/news/business/article_f88c001a-195e-11e7-af97-1b6becf5643d.html ) .
About American Cannabis Company , Inc .
Based in Denver , Colorado , American Cannabis Company , Inc. offers turnkey and end-to-end solutions to existing and aspiring participants in the cannabis industry . Their team of industry veterans leverages hands-on experience and knowledge to provide business planning and market assessment services , to assist with state licensing procurement , and to create business infrastructure and operational best practices . Since 2013 , American Cannabis Company has worked with dozens of companies that are now thriving in the cannabis industry , many of which were awarded legal marijuana licenses in multiple states with the assistance and support of the Company . American Cannabis Company also owns a portfolio of proprietary cultivation products , including : The Satchel™ , Sohum Living Soils™ , The Cultivation Cube™ , and The High Density Cultivation System™ . The building and development of its brands and product suite is based on the Company 's geoponics philosophy of `` combining the art and science of agriculture in soil . ''
For more information , please visit :
www.americancannabisconsulting.com
www.americancannabiscompanyinc.com
www.sohumsoils.com
Forward Looking Statements
This news release contains `` forward-looking statements '' which are not purely historical and may include any statements regarding beliefs , plans , expectations or intentions regarding the future . Such forward-looking statements include , among other things , the development , costs and results of new business opportunities and words such as `` anticipate '' , `` seek '' , `` intend '' , `` believe '' , `` estimate '' , `` expect '' , `` project '' , `` plan '' , or similar phrases may be deemed `` forward-looking statements '' within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors . Such factors include , among others , the inherent uncertainties associated with new projects , the future U.S. and global economies , the impact of competition , and the Company 's reliance on existing regulations regarding the use and development of cannabis-based drugs . These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release , and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements , or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements . Although we believe that any beliefs , plans , expectations and intentions contained in this press release are reasonable , there can be no assurance that any such beliefs , plans , expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate . Investors should review all the information set forth herein and should also refer to the risk factors disclosure outlined in our annual report on Form 10-K for the most recent fiscal year , our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other periodic reports filed from time-to-time with the Securities and Exchange Commission . For more information , please visit www.sec.gov .
This post contains spoilers for Tomb Raider .
Despite being slightly more `` realistic '' than the Angelina Jolie movies , the new Tomb Raider is fully of super-unbelievable , off-the-wall stuff . First of all , Lara Croft does n't die or seriously injure anything even though they spend the whole movie getting shot at and almost falling over waterfalls . Then there 's the fact that a secret organization called Trinity is just running the entire world , funding expeditions to remote Japanese islands , and letting Walton Goggins run their most important missions . But most unbelievable of all is the movie 's main boogeyman ( boogeywoman ? ) , Himiko , a corpse that can turn people into zombies with one touch . Crazy , yes , but crazier still is this : Himiko was a real person ! They are n't really a manufacturer of zombies , but they did rule over a place called Yamatai . Here , a guide to Himiko as they appear in Tomb Raider and what their real-life counterpart got up to in the third century .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
IN THE MOVIE
The real overarching villain in Tomb Raider is Trinity , but Trinity is after an evil object they can use for their nefarious deeds . That object is the corpse of Himiko , an ancient Japanese queen who was supposedly capable of killing people with a mere touch and has power over life and death . According to legend , their soldiers took them to an isolated island called Yamatai to keep them away from the rest of humanity , but their corpse supposedly has supernatural killing powers that still work . Upon finding their corpse , however , Lara and company discover that Himiko is n't magical at all — she 's just got a weird disease that will kill you if you touch her , even though she 's been dead for thousands of years . They also went to Yamatai of their own accord because they did n't want to kill people , and the soldiers who them accompanied were just there because they liked them What a letdown !
Lara opens the door to the cave where Himiko spent their final days . Warner Bros .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
IN THE VIDEO GAME
The new Tomb Raider is based on the 2013 reboot of the video game , but the game version of Himiko is a little different from the one in the movie . In that version , the island of Yamatai is home to a cult that worships Himiko , and instead of controlling life and death , they can control the weather . They can also transfer their soul into other host bodies , so instead of being super-dead as they are in the movie , she 's just undead . It 's a fine distinction !
IN REAL LIFE
Saying that the movie and game versions of Himiko are loosely inspired by the real Himiko is generous — they 're so far apart that they 're basically on different planets — but the real lady was pretty cool , too , even if they did n't have lethal skin . Also known as Pimiko , Himiko was a Japanese queen who lived in third-century Japan and peacefully ruled for about 50 or 60 years . They presided over a territory known as Yamatai and was a shaman , though presumably one without supernatural power over death . The current location of Yamatai is unknown , but some scholars believe it was somewhere on one of the larger Japanese islands ( not on a small , remote island as depicted in Tomb Raider ) .
Lara fights the bad guys in the tomb of Himiko . Warner Bros .
According to legend , Himiko had 1,000 female handmaidens and never married ; their only male associate was their brother , who helped them with communication and various affairs of state once they started spending more time on their shamanism . When they died in 248 , 100 people sacrificed themselves to join them in their tomb . In 2009 , researchers thought they 'd found the site of their tomb but were not allowed to continue excavation because the location was considered to be a royal site . Now , Himiko serves as a town mascot for several Japanese cities , and they pop up in ad campaigns , manga , anime , beauty contests , and of course , Tomb Raider .
Follow Eliza on Twitter and Cosmo Celeb on Facebook .
The theme for EDC 2018 in Las Vegas is `` Kinetic Love . '' ( Source : EDC )
Las Vegas Metro police released the statistics of the third and final day of the Electric Daisy Carnival Monday morning .
A total of 30 arrests were made between 6 p.m. Sunday , May 20 through 6 a.m. Monday , May 21 . Police said 28 out of 30 arrests were narcotics-related . Considering the high number of carnival attendees , police only issued six traffic citations .
RELATED : First day of EDC ended with 29 narcotic related arrests
RELATED : 2nd day of EDC wraps up , 33 felony narcotic arrests made
Insomniac Productions , the organizer of EDC , reported an attendance of 135,225 people and 166 ejections from the venue .
Police reported a total of 90 felony narcotics arrests and eight misdemeanor arrests over the course of the three-day event .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
OZAUKEE COUNTY -- Wisconsinites spent Saturday plowing through the snow .
“ We 're just out here making sure that it 's safe so nobody gets injured , '' Michael Decker said .
In order to achieve that , Michael Decker of Decker Services plans to spend the bulk of their evening clearing snow on commercial properties while ensuring walkways are also clear and parking lots remain accident-free .
“ With the snow removal , it 's rewarding from start to finish , '' Decker said .
`` To see all the snow on the ground and then when you 're done it 's nice and clean and smiles on people 's faces , '' they continued .
According to Decker , he 's spent the last 19 years of their life in the snow removal business and in that time he 's learned a lot , that 's why when giving advice to drivers on the road they tell them to remember these three things :
“ You got ta put your headlights on [ and ] keep your distance , '' Decker said . `` And stay out of our way . ''
VAUGHAN , Ont . — Swiss Chalet Rotisserie & Grill will accept voice orders through the Google Assistant App .
The restaurant chain owned by Cara Operations Ltd. says the voice order feature allows customers to place an order for pickup or delivery through the app .
Users need to open the app and say `` Ok Google , order from Swiss Chalet , '' which will prompt them to select from menu options or reorder their last meal .
Swiss Chalet 's announcement comes as the company has been making a concerted effort to integrate technology into its operations .
Kidlapik said many in the hamlet stood on the beach Tuesday night under the midnight sun as Gibbons 's body was brought home .
`` It 's a very big shock , '' they said .
`` There 's never been a mauling this serious since I started going out . It 's the first mauling that I know of . ''
Dan Pimentel of Nunavut 's Environment Department said the last fatal polar bear mauling was in 2000 near Rankin Inlet , about 200 kilometres up the coast from Arviat .
Pimentel said little information was immediately available as to the bear 's condition at the time of the attack .
`` That will have to wait until our conservation officers get there and are able to examine the bear . There 's only limited information you can get right away as to the health of the bear . ''
Arviat is considered to be in the range of the Western Hudson Bay polar bear population , estimated in 2016 to number about 840 . The Polar Bear Specialist Group , an international body of experts , says that number is stable although it notes declines in body size and condition .
The hunting quota for local bears has steadily increased to 38 this year from 28 in 2016 .
The Kivalliq Wildlife Board has said that bear-human encounters are growing .
The Nunavut government and the World Wildlife Fund have co-operated to reduce those conflicts , including steel food storage bins and electric fences around dog team pens . Nunavut is issuing kits containing flares , bear bangers and bear spray to help keep hunters safe .
Western Hudson Bay is estimated to be losing up to five days of sea ice cover per decade . The bears depend on the ice as a hunting platform .
A 2017 report from the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service on bear attacks found 73 recorded predatory attacks and 20 fatalities between 1870 and 2014 , although that list is likely to be incomplete .
Nearly two-thirds of the attacks were by young adult bears who were starting to starve . Nearly nine in 10 attacks occurred between July and December when the sea ice was at its lowest .
— By Bob Weber in Edmonton . Follow @ row1960 on Twitter
By The Canadian Press
Chiefs secure first round bye
Chiefs beat division rival for possibly the last time in San Diego . They earned an important reward . By beating San Diego in the final regular season game of the season , Kansas City took the AFC West title for the first time since 2010. the team finished with a 12-4 record and took the title by virtue of having swept the Oakland Raiders who also finished with a 12-4 record . It is the first AFC West title of the Andy Reid and John Dorsey regime .
By winning the division , Kansas City was able to secure the # 2 overall seed in the AFC playoffs . With it comes the first round bye . The team will have an extra week to rest and heal up . They will not play again until January 15th at 12:05 pm Central time .
Time to strengthen for the next level of competition
The bye week will help this team that finished the regular season without starting outside linebacker Justin Houston and tailback Spencer Ware . Both players can use the extended time to treat their injuries in order to be ready for the divisional round game . Both could play major roles when the team is next no the field .
Trouble hearing podcast ? Go Here to stream it from the source .
Locked on Chiefs is a daily podcast show that drills down to the bottom line and gives you a 360-degree view of the Kansas City Chiefs . Take a few minutes to hear about your Chiefs each day . We 'll cover the offseason , the draft and all the way to the Super Bowl and want to cover the topics you want to hear about . So reach out to us on Twitter @ LockedOnChiefs with questions and for up to the minute analysis and episode information .
Thanks , Addicts !
More from Arrowhead Addict
This article originally appeared on
Benjamin Sparks is shown in an undated image . ( File )
A Las Vegas-based GOP campaign adviser was accused of abusing their ex-fiance . Benjamin Sparks was charged with a misdemeanor , but their ex-fiancé 's lawyer said they want that upgraded to a felony .
The victim hired high-profile attorney , Gloria Allred , who said she 's confident the evidence shows the abuse is a felony .
Sparks 's ex-fiancé claimed they abused them and made them into their sex slave . Prosecutors charged them with misdemeanor battery .
“ My client is very brave and they have demonstrated their courage by reporting what they have to law enforcement , ” attorney Gloria Allred said .
Benjamin Sparks , 35 , worked on Cresent Hardy 's campaign and Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign .
The victim shared their story last month , but as a victim of sexual assault , they would not be identified by FOX5 .
“ He actually , during sex , hit me so hard , it was like right in my eye socket area . I started seeing these very weird spots and then started seeing flashes of light , ” the victim said .
That eye injury is why they said they want to up the charges .
“ This present allegation which is set for trial in a misdemeanor , may in fact become a felony , ” Allred said .
Sparks was n't in court Tuesday , but their attorney was .
“ Come and face the justice system . If you believe you are innocent , if you have confidence in your innocence , it 's time to appear , ” Allred said .
Allred also pointed out the similarities between this case and the allegations against the Attorney General of New York , who is accused of assaulting women they dated .
“ Mr . Sparks , you can run but you ca n't hide.You ca n't hide any more than Attorney General Eric Schneiderman , ” Allred said .
The attorney for Benjamin Sparks has not responded to requests for a statement or interview .
The misdemeanor trial was set for Aug .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
FILE - This undated file booking photo provided by the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department shows Kishawn Holmes . A former student at Cerritos Community College is now suing the school and Holmes , the football player convicted of raping them Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department via AP , File )
iStock/Thinkstock ( SEOUL , South Korea ) — The assassination of Kim Jong Nam is presumed to have been based on North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's “ paranoia ” about their half-brother , according to South Korea 's top spy agency . Kim Jong Nam was poisoned to death by two Asian women at Malaysia 's Kuala Lumpur International Airport on Tuesday .
Public reactions in Seoul are of shock and horror , if not amazement .
“ We all know how brutal and psychotic Kim Jong-un is , but news every hour has been more like a spy movie , ” said Park Choon Ho , a 60-year-old taxi driver .
“ Kim Jong-un is cruel and cold-blooded but this [ assassination ] only shows how insecure their political power stands , ” noted Kim Do Yeon , a college student .
Getting rid of the eldest son of the late Kim Jong Il has been a long “ standing order ” from Pyongyang , said South Korea 's national intelligence chief Lee Byung Ho at a briefing to the National Assembly .
North Korean agents had actually attempted to assassinate Kim in early 2012 , which led Kim to write a letter to their younger half brother , asking for mercy for them and their family .
“ I ask for you to cancel the punishment order on me and my family . We have nowhere to go and nowhere to hide . We clearly know that the only way to run away is to commit suicide , ” the letter said .
Kim Jong Nam 's first legitimate wife and eldest son , Kim Han Sol , are residing in Beijing . Their second wife and their son and daughter have been living in Macao . The family members are under protection by the Chinese government , the spy agency confirmed .
The South Korean government has doubled the number of security guards protecting North Korean defectors who have held senior political positions in Pyongyang .
The national military also announced plans to spread the news to North Korean residents who are completely blinded from outside information by resuming news broadcasts on dozens of loudspeakers facing the North along the inter-Korean border .
CCTV footage from the domestic check-in area at the airport showed two young Asian women approaching Kim . One woman was wearing a white T-shirt emblazoned with the block letters “ LOL. ” Jong Nam had complained to a ground attendant that someone had covered their nose and mouth with a piece of cloth and that their eyes burned . They died in the ambulance on the way to the hospital . Police in Malaysia have arrested an alleged 29-year-old female secret agent traveling on Vietnamese documents .
An autopsy of Kim Jong Nam 's body has been completed at a morgue in the presence of the North Korean ambassador to Malaysia , Kang Chol , but the results are still unknown .
ABC News ' Hong Yoo , from Seoul , and Maureen Jeyasooriar , from Kuala Lumpur , contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
By Da'Sha Tuck , Staff writer
Accuracy and attention to detail are two important concepts when working to build diversity at Murray State through international recruitment .
Bill McKibben , director for International Enrollment and Retention , believes international enrollment is extremely important for post-secondary institutions .
“ This is an untapped enrollment source for new students to the university , ” McKibben said .
Going Through the Process
Because international enrollment is so important , Murray State takes an in-depth approach to recruiting . They do this by first completing an “ institutional analysis ” to decide which destinations would provide the maxim result .
Weihong Gao , English as a Second Language ( ESL ) Director and interim director of international recruitment , said the most common countries pursued are in East Asia , South Asia and the Middle East .
The next step in the recruitment process is for Murray State recruiters to take trips to those countries and attend education fairs , visit partner universities , high schools and recruiting agencies , Gao said .
This process also includes meeting with the prospective students and their families . Gao said recruiters usually take two trips a semester .
After the trip has concluded , these recruiters remain in contact with the potential students , encouraging them to apply to Murray State . This connection is kept up through what is called armchair recruiting ; contact maintained through email campaigns , social media , Skype , etc .
Gao said Murray State has been doing well with bringing in more diversity to the campus through international enrollment .
“ Given our location and limited number of programs at the graduate level we are pleased , ” they said .
Once applications have been completed , the International Admissions Office starts processing the potential students ' applications .
Murray State currently hosts more than 700 international students from more than 60 countries , Gao said . This includes 560 students taking university classes and those enrolled in ESL courses .
Even once all the paperwork has been completed and these new students arrive in the U.S. , the work is not finished .
The International recruiting office even goes as far as arranging airport pickup for these new students and transportation to Murray .
Several other support avenues are offered by the International Recruiting Office once they are settled on campus . Translators are readily available , students are assisted with their residential check-in process and are even with tasks such as setting up bank accounts .
Gao said having international students enrolled at Murray State positively impacts the campus as well as the Murray community . They said it is beneficial to the American students to be exposed to different cultures .
“ Having a diversified student body aids in breaking down negative cultural connotations and helps eliminate some common stereotypes , ” McKibben said .
From the Student 's Perspective
Nadia Khan , graduate Nonprofit Leadership student from northern Pakistan , has been attending Murray State for more than a year .
Khan first heard about Murray State through their academic advisor in Pakistan . They are currently working as a registered agent with Murray State 's International Recruitment Office .
They said their decision to attend Murray State was not difficult because Murray State had academic programs that intrigued them Khan said the rest is history .
Coming to America was a bit of a culture shock , Khan said .
“ The people here are more casual and friendly , traveling is more expensive , fast food is common among youngsters and the weather is unpredictable in this country , ” they said . “ One thing I like is how Americans love coffee and I love coffee . ”
Khan said they feel accepted and included in all aspects of their life on Murray State 's campus . They work in the International Recruitment Office as a graduate assistant .
Although they feel accepted in Murray , one drawback is being so far away from family . Khan said this is an area where the International Recruitment Office could help more .
“ The International Recruitment office needs to work on the effective communication and understand that these students who are coming all the way from another part of the world need moral support , ” Khan said .
The International Recruitment Office has a goal of making international students at least 10 percent of the campus population .
“ Students are the future of one 's country , ” McKibben said . “ Having global citizens who are well-versed with different cultures and backgrounds will help ensure that our world is a better place . ”
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
As millions of Americans get ready for the first solar eclipse in nearly 40 years , so are local schools .
The peak of the eclipse is expected to occur between 2:30 and 3:30 p.m. on Monday , August 21 . That 's also the time when many kids are getting out of school .
Now parents are wondering what schools are doing to protect kids who could be tempted to stare at the sun when they leave school that day .
The Lee County School District said , `` We are finalizing our safety plan and will be sending it out to parents , most likely tomorrow ( Tuesday ) . ''
The Collier County School District just released a website with resources for parents and students about eclipse safety .
The Charlotte County School District is taking a four-pronged approach . It will include putting out a short all-call to parents in the district with information about the eclipse . It will also include multiple safety announcements in every Charlotte County school on the day of the eclipse urging kids not to look at the sun without safety glasses . And the county will also be publishing eclipse safety resources on their website in the near future .
For more information on how to watch the eclipse safely , click this link .
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column , EM Squared , Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch , Newsmine blog , daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience .
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package ?
Lex Column - The FT 's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter . Since the 1930 's Lex has been providing concise , readable and timely commentary on companies , markets and the theory behind investing . From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks , via the banking crisis and emerging markets , Our specialists in London , New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions .
Editor 's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber , the Financial Times ' lauded editor .
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week 's news stories .
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day 's biggest topics .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Costa confounds critics as Portuguese economy holds course
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
JERUSALEM — An Israeli woman mocked a Chabad rabbi at Ben Gurion Airport as they helped another man don tefillin .
The woman , whose actions were captured on a cellphone video posted on Facebook , mocked the men , laughing and screeching on Monday morning as they practiced the religious rite . They yelled at them in Hebrew to “ move because you are bothering me ” and asked rhetorically , “ Why are you doing this here ? There are people here . ”
Several people in the terminal asked them to tone down , but instead they became louder.The video , which has had more than 300,000 views since Monday , was posted by Gad Kaufman , the business person who put on the tefillin with the help of the Chabad rabbi manning a booth at the airport.Kaufman , who was leaving Israel for a business trip , wrote a post in Hebrew with the video. “ An amazing incident took place this morning at the airport , when I was politely asked by a Chabad man if I wanted to put on tefillin , ” they wrote . “ I said yes , and then a woman with a crazy look jumped up and started cursing , harassing and disturbing ! It is really shameful that being a Jew in this country means being persecuted by leftist Bohemians . If I were a Muslim or a Christian , would it be more legitimate for them … ? ” The woman was identified by the Israel National News website as Pnina Peri , the head of the Joseph and Alma Gildenhorn Institute for Israel Studies at the University of Maryland . Peri , who formerly taught at Israel 's Sapir Academic College , is an expert in multicultural theories . Them husband , Yoram Peri , served as president of the New Israel Fund , which supports left-wing causes , from 1999 to 2001.Many of the responses to the video criticized the woman for their actions . Several also praised the Chabad rabbi , identified by Channel 20 , a religious news station , as Rabbi Meir Herzl , the director of the Chabad House in the Jerusalem suburb of Pisgat Zeev , for their restraint in not responding to them
More than 5,000 complaints of H-1B visa fraud and abuse have been received by a federal agency on a dedicated email helpline that was launched by the Trump administration last year , an official said .
“ As of May 21 , 2018 , the USCIS has received over 5,000 tips to the dedicated H-1B email address , ” Philip Smith , a Spokesperson for the US Citizenship and Immigration Services ( USCIS ) told PTI .
After US President Donald Trump Signed “ Buy American , Hire American ” executive order last year , Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate ( FDNS ) established email addresses dedicated to receiving information about suspected H-1B and H-2B fraud or abuse .
FDNS leads USCIS 's efforts to combat immigration benefit fraud .
The USCIS , however , did not provide any other details with regard to the nature of complaints , the companies involved and which country 's high-tech professionals were the victims of H-1B visa fraud and abuse .
“ Pursuant to the Buy American , Hire American Executive Order , FDNS has helped the agency investigate the H-1B program to protect American workers , ” Smith said .
Employers who abuse H-1B visa program may negatively affect US workers , decreasing wages and opportunities as they import more workers from abroad , it said .
Highly popular among Indian technology professional , the H-1B visa is normally issued for three years and renewed for another three years .
The US Congress has a cap of 65,000 H-1B visas per year .
It also issues another 20,000 H-1B visas to those who have masters and higher education from a US academic institute .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
In the wake of a pivotal national movement against rape and sexual harassment , nine Louisville , Kentucky , women have come forward–accusing former Louisville Metro Police officer , Pablo Cano , of rape .
National civil rights attorney says Louisville on brink of # MeToo movement with LMPD rape allegations : https : //t.co/YwdDOVju4t pic.twitter.com/hq6jNuOTXa — WDRB News ( @ WDRBNews ) February 1 , 2018
Civil rights attorney Benjamin Crump , who previously defended the families of Trayvon Martin , Tamir Rice and Michael Brown , has come forth as legal counsel for the nine accusers , WDRB reports . The women were also under the representation of Shannon Fauver , one of the Louisville lawyers who fought to legalize gay marriage at the U.S. Supreme Court .
“ This officer violated their trust in the entire system when they coerced them when they were most vulnerable , ” Crump said . “ We declare Louisville , Kentucky , will be Ground Zero in the “ Me Too ” movement , of women being violated by these rogue police officers . ”
Crump 's forewarning in reference to the # MeToo movement is important , but this watershed moment has struggled with acknowledging the experiences of women of color who have historically suffered in silence with their own accounts of sexual assault , harassment and violation .
Last week , a fourth women came forward to file a lawsuit against Cano , accusing them of forcing themselves on them after they pulled them over during a traffic stop .
All of the victims have remained anonymous with the moniker of “ Jane Doe , ” but in July 2017 one woman came forward in an interview with WDRB to give details of their harrowing account .
“ He grabbed the back of my head and slammed me against the door jam , ” they recalled in the interview . “ I knew if I went to the hospital , I would have to go through an exam , because I was bleeding . [ It ] would have been horrific . I knew they would call the police , and I did n't trust whoever showed up to keep me safe . ”
Cano stepped down from their position in September amongst the allegations , but has yet to be charged . An investigative report conducted by WDRB found that between 2014-2017 , Cano reported previous drug use that prevented them from being hired by six police departments in Florida , including Miami , Miami-Dade , Coral Gables and Aventura .
The accusations against Cano are eerily similar to former disgraced officer , Daniel Holtzclaw , who was convicted of in December 2015 of multiple counts of rape , sexual battery and oral sodomy . Crump was the lead attorney on the case–leading to Holtzclaw 's sentencing to 263 years in prison .
SOURCE : WDRB
DO N'T MISS :
Former Student Who Tormented Black Roommate Wants Criminal Record Wiped Clean
Eric Garner 'S Mother Is Turning Them ‘ Mourning Into A Movement ' With New TV One Documentary , ‘ Two-Sides '
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Chinese-American civil rights groups and federally elected officials are stepping up pressure on authorities in Virginia who are investigating the Jan. 26 death of a 60-year-old man who was fatally shot by a security guard .
The efforts , which include a petition drive and speaking with state lawmakers , come more than two weeks after Jiansheng Chen was killed while sitting in their minivan in Chesapeake , Virginia , less than a mile away from their home .
Jiansheng Chen . Courtesy of the Chen Family
No one has been charged in the shooting , and the guard has not been identified .
House Reps. Grace Meng ( D-NY ) , Donald McEachin ( D-VA ) , and Bobby Scott ( D-VA ) issued a joint statement Tuesday about the case , saying they were concerned over the circumstances surrounding Chen 's death .
`` Many questions remain and need to be answered , and we call on local authorities to conduct their investigation thoroughly and expeditiously , '' the statement reads . `` We must know how a game of Pokémon Go turned into a fatal shooting . ''
Conflicting accounts of the incident have emerged from both sides . An attorney for the Chen family has said that Chen , a grandfather and an immigrant from China , was parked outside a clubhouse in the River Walk community of Chesapeake playing Pokémon Go on their phone the night they died .
But a lawyer for the security company contracted to patrol the neighborhood said Chen , who police said was unarmed , drove their car at the approaching guard and left them no choice but to open fire in self-defense . They also said Chen had previously been served a notice barring them from a community area that they had visited after hours .
RELATED : 'Fear for Their Life ' Led Security Officer to Shoot 60-Year-Old Grandfather , Attorney Says
Police have said a disagreement broke out between the two men . In interviews with NBC News , Chen family lawyer Greg Sandler has said Chen had a `` very , very limited '' command of English . Citywide Protection Services attorney Andrew Sacks has said they did n't `` have any information to indicate that the events in this case occurred because of a language barrier . ''
The World Journal , a U.S.-based Chinese-language newspaper , reported Monday that Chen 's supporters gathered over the weekend to sign petitions calling for felony charges against the security officer . A change.org petition , which has collected more than 6,000 signatures , asks Chesapeake Commonwealth Attorney Nancy Parr `` to conduct a timely investigation into the case and prosecute the security guard for the shooting and killing of Jiansheng Chen . ''
VIDEO : Here 's a look at a vehicle , riddled w/ bullet holes , that police took away from the crime scene overnight in Chesapeake pic.twitter.com/M7mcMDZuDr — Rico Bush ( @ RicoBushWAVY ) January 27 , 2017
A separate letter addressed to Parr , posted on WTKR 's website , asks why charges have not been filed and requests a town hall meeting with Parr and the Chesapeake police chief . Among the signatories is Harry Zhang , president of the Eastern Virginia chapter of the Organization of Chinese Americans . A Facebook page dedicated to Chen has also been set up .
The Chesapeake Commonwealth Attorney 's Office could not immediately be reached for comment Tuesday evening .
“ Many questions remain and need to be answered , and we call on local authorities to conduct their investigation thoroughly and expeditiously . ”
Meanwhile , Chen supporters were expected to travel to Virginia 's capital Tuesday to present petitions to several state lawmakers , according to the World Journal . A photo published Tuesday on the newspaper 's website appeared to show Chen 's nephew addressing Virginia House of Delegates member Barry Knight , a Republican .
Whether the security guard should have been armed in the first place has also been a source of contention . River Walk Community Association spokesperson Billy Rudolph confirmed to NBC News last week that it did have a contract with Citywide Protection Services for `` unarmed roving patrol services . ''
But Sacks , the attorney for the security company , told NBC News last week that the contract was for both armed and unarmed services , and that it was up to the company to decide which to provide .
Asked whether there were surveillance cameras that recorded the encounter , Rudolph said , `` There 's none that are pointing in that direction . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Grandfather Shot While Playing Pokémon Go 1:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Meng , McEachin , and Scott — the three federal lawmakers who weighed in on the shooting in a statement Tuesday — said they await further details of the case from law enforcement .
`` It is our hope that Congress will act in a bipartisan manner to ensure law enforcement personnel receive high quality , evidence-based training in non-lethal de-escalation tactics , '' their statement reads . `` We must continue to work together to emphasize the need for reasonable and effective policies that reflect our nation 's moral obligation to keep our communities safe . ''
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Tumblr .
Well here 's an update for your Fourth !
Ronnie Ortiz-Magro 's ex girlfriend Jen Harley will not face domestic battery charges following a June 25 altercation .
A spokesperson for the Clark County District Attorney 's Office told Us Weekly that , “ due to insufficient evidence , ” they “ will not be going forward with the case . ”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Harley was arrested in Las Vegas in late June for the incident , which a source told Us involved Ronnie being dragged along the road .
`` He asked [ her to ] pull over and let them out of the car . They stopped and Ronnie tried getting out and got caught in their seatbelt , '' the source said . “ Jen started driving away , dragging Ronnie . Ronnie 's face was bloodied and bruised and he 's got a nasty road rash . ”
LVPD
Harley was allegedly driving so erratically that three of their four tires were flat . The couple 's 2-month-old daughter , Ariana Sky , was in the backseat . Another source told the magazine that the couple had been fighting over Ariana at the time .
“ Ronnie and Jen have been fighting over their daughter , ” the source said . “ Ronnie has been filming the show in Vegas the last couple of days and Jen would n't tell them where there daughter is . They showed up to the hotel where they were filming . Jen lunged , split and shoved Ronnie . Hotel security got involved , who then called the Las Vegas police department . ”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Jersey Shore : Family Reunion star and Harley broke up in April after dating for a year .
WEST MIAMI-DADE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A community in mourning engaged in a moment of silent solidarity for the six people who lost their lives when a pedestrian bridge collapsed near Florida International University .
The FIU flag flew at half-staff in front of Graham Center Monday , as school administrators , faculty and students held hands and observed a moment of silence at 1:47 p.m .
That time marks the moment on Thursday when the bridge came down along Southwest Eighth Street .
FIU President Mark Rosenberg was at the center of the gathering but did not speak publicly afterwards .
Students who were just returning from spring break said they felt compelled to take part in the solemn occasion .
“ I just want to show that I care and that I am supportive , ” said Rhea Berry . “ I think everybody who was out here , it 's important for them to be out here . ”
“ I 'm here to support . I 'm an FIU student , so it could have been any of us , ” said Maia Castro .
“ It 's important to show solidarity to the people that are affected , ” said Zach Lendzian . “ Every little thing counts , and I know that it meant a lot to the people who were affected that we were here . ”
Students said things felt different on Monday .
“ There 's an eerie feeling over everybody today , ” said student Angela Radcliffe .
“ Really somber . Students are quietly going from class to class , ” said Jose Sirven , vice president of FIU 's student government .
FIU was n't the only place where respects were being paid . At the Sweetwater Police Department , officers also observed a moment of silence .
The department 's officers responded to the scene of the bridge collapse on Thursday .
“ Everybody responded heroically . Not taking into account their own safety , they went in there and they did their jobs , which is what they signed up to do , ” said Sweetwater Police Chief Placido Diaz .
Meanwhile , the investigation into the collapse continued to ramp up . The National Transportation Safety Board said on Friday that workers were trying to strengthen the bridge when it came down .
On Monday , Florida Gov . Rick Scott directed the Florida Department of Transportation to suspend the project 's payments , cutting off federal funding for now .
“ The families deserve to know what happened , ” said Scott .
Also on Monday , Matt Morgan of the law firm Morgan & Morgan filed the first lawsuit in this case on behalf of a bicycle rider who was hit by a vehicle when a wall of concrete rained down .
The attorney behind the civil suit said , “ It 's important for the public to know that we will do everything to hold any responsible entity accountable . ”
Monday night , Southwest Eighth Street opened for pedestrian traffic near campus for the first time since the collapse . The roadway remains shut down to vehicular traffic .
Additional events will take place at FIU throughout the week to honor the victims .
A blood drive will take place Tuesday in Lot 33 , adjacent to the Graham Center Ballrooms in the main campus , from 11:30 a.m. to 5 p.m .
On Wednesday , the Student Government Association will hold a vigil for the victims at 10 a.m. in the Graham Center Ballrooms .
Alpha Xi Delta , the sorority that victim Alexa Duran belonged to , will also be holding a remembrance event on Thursday evening .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
1 . Frank Mason III , Kansas : Here 's the thing that makes it difficult to drop Mason out of their spot : Even when they play poorly , they put up huge numbers . Mason shot just 3-for-13 from the floor for the Jayhawks on Monday night , playing like their shoes were made of cement as West Virginia built a 64-50 lead on Kansas in Phog Allen Fieldhouse with 2:45 left . Then they were the guy who helped spark the comeback , getting to the free throw line , banging a three and making a pair of critical defensive plays .
They finished with 24 points , five assists and four boards , which is awful similar to the line they had against Baylor , when they shot 3-for-12 from the floor by ended the game with 19 points , six assists and four boards in a win . The Jayhawks did n't even suffer in their worst performance of the season , a 80-79 win over Texas Tech where they went assist-less for the first time this season , fouling out with three minutes left after shooting a paltry 4-for-13 from the floor .
2 . Josh Hart , Villanova : Here 's the concern with Hart 's Player of the Year candidacy at this point : When are they going to be playing games that we have to watch ? Kansas and Frank Mason played in one last night . They play in one against on Saturday , when they visit Baylor . Lonzo Ball played Oregon on Thursday and will pay a visit to Arizona later this month . Caleb Swanigan went up against Indiana in Assembly Hall last week , just ten days after they squared off with Maryland .
The problem with the Big East right now is that no one in the league is going to challenge the Wildcats . Xavier and Creighton lost their star point guards and Butler went off the deep end . Villanova , as good as they are , is not the kind of team that is going to command eye balls regardless of opponent . So are we going to see enough of Hart to be able to loft them over Mason in these standings ?
3 . Caleb Swanigan , Purdue : 16 points , 14 boards , three assists , a win at Assembly Hall . That was Swanigan 's week last week , not bad numbers until you consider that they had averaged 25 points and 13 boards the previous week . He 's still third on this list for three reasons : He 's not on the same level defensively as the two guys above him , he 's fouled out of their last three games and , over the course of their last six games , they have 27 turnovers . That 's 4.5 per game . For comparison 's sake , only James Harden and Russell Westbrook average more turnovers than that in the NBA .
4 . Lonzo Ball , UCLA : There is a bit of a gap for me between the top three and Lonzo Ball for one simple reason : defense . Ball , and UCLA , proved that they can lock up when they need to in last Thursday 's come-from-behind win over Oregon , but the fact of the matter is that the Bruins ranks 126th in defensive efficiency and it does n't matter how good Ball , or UCLA , is offensively . Teams that defend like that are n't title challengers , and Ball holds as much blame for that as anyone on the roster just like they deserve as much credit for their offensive renaissance as anyone in the program , including Steve Alford .
That said , Ball leads the country in “ moments ” . No one has made more big plays in big spots that spread around the internet like wildfire , and that certainly was the case in Thursday night 's game . They had a ridiculous drive through the lane for a layup to give UCLA a three-point lead with under two minutes left , then buried the dagger on an absurd , 27-foot step-back three :
It may not be right , but those “ moments ” matter , and Ball leads the nation in them .
5 . Nigel Williams-Goss , Gonzaga : How about this : Gonzaga is undefeated and ranked No . 1 in the country and they have a point guard that leads them in scoring , rebounding , assists and steals . Williams-Goss may not have the NBA future that some of the other elite point guards across the country have , but their emergence has been the biggest reason why the Zags are as good as they are .
6 . Ethan Happ , Wisconsin : As good as Happ has been this season , it 's hard to overlook the fact that they get taken out at the end of games because of their issues shooting free throws . Wisconsin survived overtime at Nebraska in spite of Happ . That did not happen at home against Northwestern , a game where Happ played just 26 minutes and had nine points and four turnovers .
7 . Luke Kennard , Duke : For the second time in Duke 's recent five-game winning streak , the Blue Devils were bailed out by Kennard . Two weeks ago , it was a 30-point second half to lead Duke to a come-from-behind win at Wake Forest . On Saturday , they had a team-high 25 points as the Blue Devils narrowly squeaked by Clemson at home .
8 . Justin Jackson , North Carolina : I had a revelation on Justin Jackson during North Carolina 's game against Duke last week , one that made me regret the error of my ways .
Joel Berry II is the guy that makes UNC 's offense run and the guy that makes the Tar Heels elite . Point guards , in general , are more valuable than scoring wings . That said , Berry has had a nasty habit of not showing up . They were 3-for-13 in UNC 's loss at Indiana . They were 3-for-13 in the loss at Georgia Tech . They were 0-for-8 with a technical foul when the Tar Heels got smoked by Miami earlier this month .
Jackson , on the other hand , has been a model of consistency all season long , particularly in ACC play . He 's scored at least 16 points in every league game and is second in the ACC in scoring during conference play at 20.1 points . He 's shooting the ball better than they ever has in their life , and he 's still utilizing a murderous floater-game that 's better than anyone in the country . He 's become North Carolina 's go-to guy and the big-time scorer that they 've lacked for the last couple of seasons .
The Tar Heels may not have the hoss on the block that we are used to seeing from Roy Williams ' best teams , but the biggest reason that has n't hurt them yet is because of how good Jackson has been .
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes , Stitcher and Audioboom
9 . Josh Jackson , Kansas : Mason is ( deservedly ) the Player of the Year for the Jayhawks , but it 's becoming more and more clear that Jackson is the most talented player and , arguably , the team 's best player . They had 31 points , 11 boards and four assists at Texas Tech to help the Jayhawks stave off an upset in a game where Mason fouled out with three minutes left , and last night , they had 14 points , 11 boards , five steals and three assists in that raucous , come-from-behind win over West Virginia .
In their last eight games , Jackson has n't scored fewer than 14 points and has hit for at least 20 four times . They have five double-doubles in that span , five games where he 's had at least three assists , five games with multiple steals and is shooting 50 percent from three in that stretch .
10 . Johnathan Motley , Baylor : Monday night 's loss aside , Motley has been consistently terrific all season long . Last week , they had 24 points and 11 boards against Oklahoma State and followed that up with 25 points and seven boards in a win over TCU .
JUST MISSED THE CUT
Bonzie Colson , Notre Dame
De'Aaron Fox , Kentucky
Lauri Markkanen , Arizona
Melo Trimble , Maryland
Malik Monk , Kentucky
Dwayne Bacon , Florida State
Sindarius Thornwell , South Carolina
Joel Berry II , North Carolina
Jock Landale , Saint Mary 's
Alec Peters , Valparaiso
‘ X-Men : The Dark Phoenix Saga ( Uncanny X-Men 1963-2011 ) ' review
By Brittney MacDonald , Life & Style Editor
5/5
In the past , I have made no attempt to hide my utter love of the X-Men . I have been a loyal fan of the franchise since I was that little girl pretending to be Rogue in my backyard . But I have done a disservice to the franchise by never acknowledging one of the most quintessential story arcs to ever grace a comic 's page : The Dark Phoenix Saga . So prepare yourself for some feelings and a whole whack-load of bias .
Even if you do n't follow the X-Men , if you are at all into comics you should know the basic gist of what the Dark Phoenix Saga is . Written by Chris Claremont , it is most notable for its tragic plot , following Jean Grey and the Phoenix Force . It is one of the earliest examples in comic lore of a character being consumed by their super-human abilities . Grey is not defeated by some outside force—though they do suffer some manipulation at the hands of the Hellfire Club—it is instead their inability to control an ancient , cosmic consciousness that lives within them that ultimately causes them to turn on not only the X-Men , but all of humanity . Thus , they become the enemy , and the reader is made to watch as the X-Men are forced to fight one another .
Though this idea of a team turning on itself is a common story trope nowadays , in 1963—when this story arc first began—this type of narrative was still relatively new . Readers were used to seeing heroes fight the bad guys , not each other . Couple that with the fact that there was already established character intrigue regarding the Jean Grey/Wolverine/Cyclops love triangle , and you have the recipe for a shocking story arc of epic proportions .
Admittedly , the art by John Byrne and Terry Austin is dated by today 's standard , though it does have a unique and endearing quality about it . It is a very classic example of the aesthetic that most people think of when they think of comics—bold colours and heavy inks within a traditional medium . I enjoy the stylization , but if you are used to more modern titles , you might find this art to be a little simplistic due to its lack of colour blending .
I think it goes without saying that I would recommend this title . Having the ability to experience the Dark Phoenix Saga in its entirety within a single volume makes the story more linear and easy to understand , which will help for people unfamiliar with this particular story arc . As far as why people should be interested in this arc at all—it is simply a classic . The comic version of Dickens , as far as I 'm concerned .
Well this is terrifying . A woman has lost their leg thanks to a blister they got after too much dancing in their Christmas party shoes , and now I 'm never going to buy new shoes ever again .
37-year-old Lorraine Burnett from Dunfermline in Scotland had bought a new pair of heels ahead of their festive party , but when they did , they never would have thought they could cause the loss of a limb .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
`` I 'd stayed out dancing until the early hours , so thought nothing of achy feet . But then two years later I was having my leg removed . It breaks my heart to think my five inch heels cost me my leg , '' Lorraine told PA last year .
The night out in question was a pub crawl around their Scottish home town , and the care assistant recalls noticing a huge blister the following day .
PA Real Life
`` There was a big red blister on my left leg . Being a carer , I knew what I needed to do - just clean it and dress it , '' they said . `` But after a week , it was so painful so I went to the doctors and was prescribed antibiotics . I really thought they would help as it just seemed like a bad wound . ''
But the blister on their heel did n't seem to respond to the antibiotics and soon after Lorraine was left unable to walk , meaning they had to cut back on their duties at work .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Doctors then referred Lorraine to the local hospital , where they debrided ( removed the contaminated skin ) around the wound , but it continued to get infected . After two years , Lorraine was given the devastating ultimatum - either endure these repeated infections for the rest of their life , or have their lower leg removed .
Medics recommended amputation and , in November 2010 , they had the five-hour surgery at Ninewells Hospital to remove their lower left leg . With daughter Megan just 10 at the time , Lorraine had to move in with family while they got used to life as an amputee .
PA Real Life
`` I had to give up my job , which was heartbreaking . I could n't believe how much my life has changed over a couple of years , '' they said . `` I 'd gone from someone who liked to go out all the time - a real party girl who enjoyed the good life – to pretty completely housebound . ''
It 's thought that Lorraine 's Type 2 diabetes caused the infections to the blister which ultimately led to the amputation , with patients of the disease being up to 30 times more likely to lose a limb because of the way the illness affects the circulation of blood to the extremities .
Lorraine has living with a prosthetic leg provided by the NHS , but has made efforts to raise funds to buy a new , more realistic-looking one .
`` A new prosthetic would mean I would look more like a lady again , not having to hide it , '' they said , adding : `` I ca n't show my leg off and feel like myself . ''
`` A new leg would mean a new life for me . ''
The xx have unveiled their sparkling new track “ Say Something Loving , ” the second single off the trio 's upcoming LP I See You .
The track samples the Alessi Brothers ' 1978 track “ Do You Feel It ? ” and spotlights the vocal
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com : Hear the xx 's Shimmering New Single ‘ Say Something Loving '
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
Is Ranbir Dating Alia ?
To this the 'Sanju ' actor replied , `` It 's really new right now , and I do n't want to over speak . It needs time to breathe and it needs space . ''
Alia Inspires Him
They said , `` As an actor , as a person , Alia is - what 's the right word - flowing right now . When I see them work , when I see their act , even in life , what they give is something that I 'm aspiring to for myself . ''
Ranbir On Being Newly In Love
`` It always comes with a lot of excitement . It 's a new person , it comes with new beats . Old tricks become new tricks again - you know , being charming and romantic , all of that , '' the actor was quoted as saying to the magazine .
On How Their Past Relationships Have Shaped Him
Ranbir said , `` I think I 'm more balanced today . I value relationships more . I can appreciate hurt and what it does to a person much more than I could a couple years back . ''
Ranbir On Being Detached From The World
The actor was quoted as saying , `` At some point , it begins to seem selfish . Often , I 'm in my own little cocoon , and there 's a lot of making up to do . As I grow older , I realize that life is not really what happens on a movie set . The truth is that people forget you , even if you 've done 30 years of amazing work , and you 've left a legacy behind . ''
The Changing Phase In Life
They added , `` When you 're 70 or 75 , you 're not going to have that fame and adulation . People are n't going to want to take selfies with you , and after it 's all done , who 's it going to be ? It 's going to be you alone in a chair with an oxygen tank , wondering where everyone went . ''
Ranbir Does n't Want To Be This Person
`` I 'm painting a drastic picture right now , as a warning to myself that this could be me , and I do n't want to be that person . I want to have healthy grandchildren , a companion , even at the age of 80 , '' the actor signed off .
Zedd , Maren Morris , and Grey 's “ The Middle ” is arguably one of , if not the song of the summer , and now it has an official remix pack !
After coming off of their 2x certified Platinum song `` Stay '' with Alessia Cara and teaming up with country star Maren Morris , Zedd 's `` The Middle '' has both reached the No . 1 position on multiple U.S. charts and is also ARIA certified 2x Platinum . You can only imagine the number of remixes that producers and DJs alike have created from this track . ( Hint : It 's a LOT . )
So , to make your remix search easier , the trio has put together a set of remixes that have the official `` nod '' from the superstars . You can listen to the 5-track EP here !
BTW , did you catch Zedd partying with their dad at their OMNIA nightclub residency last night ?
That 's probably the best thing we 've seen all day .
WeWork Cos. , a co-working space company backed by SoftBank Group Corp. , is selling bonds as the New York-based startup continues its rapid expansion .
The company is issuing $ 500 million of seven-year senior bonds , according to a person with knowledge of the matter . The proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes and are expected to price April 26 , the person said , asking not to be identified as the details are private .
This marks WeWork 's first trip to the bond market since its 2010 founding . The startup agreed to a $ 4.4 billion investment from Japan 's SoftBank and its Vision Fund in August , which increased the company 's valuation to about $ 20 billion at the time . That financing allowed some shareholders to cash out , as well as advance an aggressive global expansion that has most recently picked up steam in Japan .
S & P Global Ratings grades the company B , five steps below investment , with a stable outlook . The unsecured notes are rated one step higher at B+ . WeWork could significantly increase the size of the bond sale based on investor demand , which is currently being marketed to U.S. investors , the Financial Times reported Monday , citing five people with knowledge of the planned sale .
JPMorgan Chase & Co. , Bank of America Corp. , Citigroup Inc. , Deutsche Bank AG , Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , HSBC Holdings Plc , Morgan Stanley , UBS Group AG and Wells Fargo & Co. are managing the sale , the person said . The banks are holding an investor call Tuesday at 11 a.m. New York time .
— With assistance by Gowri Gurumurthy
Share
In 2001 , the iPod changed everything . Portable media players began to spring up like weeds in the crack of a fertile driveway , flourishing for a while — until the smartphone arrived . With their limited storage capacities , phones eventually lead to the rise of streaming services like Spotify that quickly rendered the MP3 model antiquated , and favored the limitless collections of music hosted from the cloud .
But MP3 players did n't simply roll over and die when the smartphones showed up . Instead , they pivoted . Those with sizable music collections will often find their smartphone ‘ s storage inadequate , especially since apps and music will end up competing for space . Many dedicated MP3 players offer big hard drives , meaning you 'll be able to fit your favorite band 's entire discography on a single device .
The exercise world is another niche that MP3 players have slid comfortably into . While smartphone screens grow larger , smaller media players offer the user a lightweight alternative that wo n't make your pocket bounce to and fro during a workout .
Audiophiles , too , can find devices built to handle high-quality audio in one of several file formats . Although some of these players find themselves floating up toward ( and in excess of ) $ 1,000 , there 's one that rises above the tide for a reasonable sum .
To help everyone find the right dedicated music player for them , we 've picked out our favorite MP3 players below .
Our Pick
Astell & Kern AK Jr
Why you should buy this : It 's powerful , versatile , reasonably priced , and produces extremely high resolution audio .
Who it 's for : Music lovers and casual listeners who do n't want to break the bank .
How much will it cost : $ 300+
Why we chose the Astell & Kern AK Jr :
Most companies do n't generally charge over $ 300 for their entry-level MP3 player . Then again , most companies are not Astell & Kern . The AK Jr. — which retails for about one-seventh of the cost of the flagship model , the AK380 — produces some of the highest quality sound out there . The beautifully angular Jr. , measuring 4.5 x 2 inches and weighing just 3.28 ounces , features Astell & Kern 's signature volume wheel , which offers finer control than the traditional 1-through-10 volume setting on a phone or player .
The player 's touchscreen is framed in an attractive matte aluminum shell and its battery lasts for 6 – 8 hours . The Jr. features Bluetooth connectivity , but no Wi-Fi .
All the bells and whistles are here to service the sound . You 'll be hard-pressed to find a device that produces the kind of depth , clarity , and balance that the AK Jr. churns out on a song-by-song basis . Its Wolfson WM8740 Digital Audio Converter ( DAC ) is comfortable processing several different audio formats , from WAV to FLAC to single-rate DSD codecs , and the player features 64GB of native flash storage , with an SD slot so you can add another 64GB if need be .
Never before has there been a device this affordable that produces true hi-res audio . Put simply , the AK Jr is a top-flight portable music player whose reasonable price belies the power within .
Our full review
Best fitness MP3 player
SanDisk Clip Sport
Why you should buy this : It 's lightweight , durable , and built for exercise , with reasonable storage capacity and an excellent battery lifespan .
Who it 's for : Anyone looking to listen to music while they work out .
How much will it cost : $ 44 to $ 54
Why we chose the Sandisk Clip Sport :
Using your smartphone to listen to music while exercising is nearly always a hassle . If you 're running , the phone is probably bouncing uncomfortably in your pocket , or you 're forced to hold it with a vice grip because you wore shorts without pockets ( stop forgetting the shorts with pockets ! ) .
Thankfully , MP3 players with clips — like the SanDisk Clip Sport — were built specifically to resolve that issue . What the Clip Sport lacks in audio quality , it more than makes up for with several useful features and a rock-solid 25-hour battery life .
Apart from the eponymous clip , SanDisk equipped their workout buddy with an FM radio tuner , so you can listen to your favorite morning talk show as you take your brisk pre-breakfast stroll . The player features an LCD screen so you do n't need to rely on the ‘ shuffle ' function ; the Clip Sport includes 8GB of onboard flash storage , as well as an SD card slot that allows for more storage space to be added in later . Capable of handling most audio file types ( including .FLAC files ) , this little guy is perfectly equipped to handle a marathon or a Tough Mudder . Plus , its low-risk price tag means you wo n't need to panic if it somehow falls into a puddle .
The best Apple iPod
iPod Touch
Why you should buy this : You 're an Apple devotee and you prefer the iPod family .
Who it 's for : Casual listeners , intentional users of non-smart phones .
How much will it cost : $ 150 to $ 280
Why we chose the iPod Touch :
Despite the iPod 's iconic nature , the rise of the iPhone has taken most of the shine off the gadget that reinvented the way we listen to music . Apple no longer rolls out new editions of each iPod every year , and some unfortunate limitations keep the player from reaching its true potential . Still , the ever-friendly user interface and the sleek beauty of the experience ( and of the iPod itself ) earn the sixth-generation iPod Touch a spot on our list .
With the ability to store up to 128 gigabytes of your favorite tunes , plus smartphone-like functionality like Bluetooth and Wi-Fi , and app integrations ( including the ability to use Apple Music for streaming ) , there is no better iPod for casual listeners and those who do n't want to carry a smartphone .
The iPod Touch is small and light , and comes wrapped in cool metal finishes , with a gorgeous retina display that makes browsing between albums easy . It even has both forward and rear-facing cameras for snapping the odd picture on the go . Plus , up to 40 hours of battery life is enough for a full work week of listening .
The best smartphone for music lovers
LG G7 ThinQ
Why you should buy this : Loud , “ Boombox ” speaker , a stand-alone quad DAC , DTS.X 3D support … oh , and it doubles as a phone .
Product Card Copy : “ The Best Smartphone for Music Lovers ” “ The LG G7 ThinQ is simply the best smartphone for audio , hands down . It has a fantastic speaker ( for a phone ) and outputs high-res audio . ”
Who it 's for : Music lovers who 'd rather just use their phone .
How much will it cost : $ 750+
Why we chose the LG G7 ThinQ :
Most smartphones ' music capabilities are extremely limited . Having access to streaming platforms like Spotify and Apple Music is important , but not everyone is willing to sacrifice sound quality and functionality for a bigger library of music .
Thankfully , with the LG G7 ThinQ , you do n't have to choose . The same Quad digital-to-analog converter ( DAC ) that we loved on the LG V30 returns in the company 's latest model , bringing pristine audio quality to anything you plug into the phone 's 3.5 mm audio jack ( ! ) . In addition , the g7 ThinQ also supports DTS.X 3D surround sound , a technology similar to Dolby Atmos .
The phone also features a unique “ Boombox ” speaker , which is a single , bottom-firing mono speaker that uses the phone 's entire body as a resonance chamber . It may seem like a gimmick on paper , but we found the speaker to be extremely rich and loud , offering some of the best fidelity we 've ever heard from the sometimes-tinny smartphone segment .
Ultimately , the LG G7 ThinQ is worth a buy if you 're in need of both a smartphone and a hi-res music player . It 's not the king of either category , necessarily , but there are few — if any — phones that can match the quality of its audio output .
Our full review
What is hi-res audio ?
High resolution audio uses a higher sampling rate and a higher bitrate than regular audio files . A typical hi-res audio file is sampled at 96 kHz/24 bit , which means that the audio is ‘ sampled ' more frequently each second than a typical MP3 file , which loses around 90 percent of its information during the compression process . Hi-res files ( like .FLAC files ) process information more than 20 times faster than MP3 files , which means that those little details in the music — such as the attack and decay of a single guitar pluck — can be heard more clearly by the human ear . MP3 files are quick and dirty representations of actual songs that have been compressed in order to save storage space . High resolution audio , on the other hand , is compressed in such a way that those little details are preserved .
How we test
You might be wondering how , exactly , we came to these conclusions . As the market for MP3 players has thinned , devices must fit snugly into a niche — or be left out in the cold . For hi-res options like the AK Jr. , there 's only one way to test : with variety . We tested the AK with several different genres of music across several different file codecs , with several different pairs of headphones . When it performed admirably across the gamut of variables , we knew we had our pick . We also do extensive phone reviewing , and picked other MP3 music players based on their ease of use or usefulness in a particular situation .
President Donald Trump says a GOP memo declassified on Friday `` totally vindicates '' them in the Russia probe .
In a Saturday morning tweet , Trump denied any collusion or obstruction and called the investigation `` an American disgrace . ''
`` This memo totally vindicates 'Trump ' in probe , '' Trump tweeted Saturday morning . `` But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! ''
This memo totally vindicates “ Trump ” in probe . But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 3 , 2018
On Friday , Trump approved the public release of a memo spearheaded by GOP House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority .
There are currently several investigations into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia , but Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia in its efforts to influence the 2016 election .
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
Arlington Heights board again rejects plan for downtown apartments
hello
The latest plans for a 5-story , 80-unit apartment building on Sigwalt Street between Highland and Chestnut avenues were rejected by the Arlington Heights village board Monday night . Courtesy of Village of Arlington Heights
After rejecting an earlier version , the Arlington Heights village board Monday denied the latest plan for an apartment complex on a portion of a long-vacant block downtown .
After 2½ hours of deliberation , presentations by the developer and public comment , the board voted 4-4 to deny a proposed 5-story , 80-unit apartment building on Sigwalt Street between Highland and Chestnut avenues .
`` A vote against this is going to stop downtown redevelopment , but I also know a vote for it directly affects the neighborhood , '' said Trustee Thomas Glasgow , who voted `` no '' along with Robin LaBedz , Mike Sidor and Richard Baldino . `` It 's not a bad plan in my personal judgment . But I do n't think it meets the character and locality . ''
To pass , the project needed six votes of the nine-member board . Trustee Jim Tinaglia recused themselves because their architecture firm is designing plans for a development on the other two-thirds of the vacant block west of the Vail Avenue parking garage .
Mayor Tom Hayes , who voted `` yes '' with Trustees Carol Blackwood , Bert Rosenberg and John Scaletta , said CA Development improved upon its earlier plans to make the building more aesthetically pleasing and made practical improvements such as a delivery loading zone .
After the board rejected initial plans by an 8-1 tally last October , the developer dropped the number of units to 80 from 88 , increased the number of parking spaces to 120 from 110 , reduced the building height to 60 feet from 62.5 feet , and had the top floor recede to help soften the building mass when viewed from the street .
`` As a result of your input , this project is the best it can be , '' Hayes told residents in a crowded village boardroom . `` Is it perfect ? No . We 're never going to get something that will satisfy everyone there . ''
The village staff supported the developer 's rezoning request from single-family residential to multifamily residential and granted 11 variations , and it said the project fit with the village comprehensive and downtown master plans calling for a high-density residential project of 4 to 6 stories .
Neighbors like Keith Allen , who lives across the street on Chestnut , argued the latest plans were still too dense and not harmonious with the surrounding neighborhood .
`` It 's basically still the same box . It 's just wrapped in different wrapping paper , '' Allen said .
Village officials received petitions on both sides of the issue , with 230 signatures in favor and 453 against .
Getty
Looking to continue to pace the Big 12 and strengthen their case for a No . 1 seed come March , No . 7 Kansas plays host to unranked Oklahoma State on Saturday afternoon .
The game is scheduled to start at Noon ET and will be broadcast nationally on CBS . If you do n't have cable or ca n't get to a TV , you can watch CBS online , on your phone or on another streaming device by signing up for one of the following cable-free , live-TV streaming services . They cost a monthly fee but all come with a free trial , allowing you to watch today 's game at no cost :
Amazon Prime : If you have Amazon Prime or want to start a free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime , you can watch a live stream of your local CBS channel via the CBS All-Access Amazon Channel , which comes with a 3-day free trial . Once you 're signed up for both Amazon Prime and the CBS channel , you can watch on your computer via the Amazon website , or on your phone , tablet or other streaming device via the the Amazon Video app
CBS All Access : This service lets you watch a live stream of your local CBS channel ( most markets included ) , as well as all of CBS ' on-demand library . It 's ultimately the same as the above option , only you 're watching through CBS ' digital platform rather than Amazon 's . You can sign up for a free 7-day trial , and then you can watch on your computer via the CBS website , or on your phone , tablet or streaming device via the CBS app
FuboTV : CBS ( live in select markets ) is included in the “ Fubo Premier ” channel package . You can sign up for a free 7-day trial , and then you can watch on your computer via the FuboTV website , or on your phone , tablet or streaming device via the FuboTV app
Preview
After some early-season inconsistency–surprising back-to-back losses to Washington and Arizona State , as well as some others close calls–the Jayhawks are back where they 've been the last 13 years : atop the Big 12 . With wins in seven of their last eight games , the Jayhawks are one game clear of Texas Tech and Oklahoma–but both of those teams already beat Kansas , so there 's not a whole lot of breathing room for Bill Self 's squad .
Oklahoma State , meanwhile , sits near the bottom of the conference , but this is n't a team that should immediately be written off . In addition to wins over Oklahoma , Florida State and Texas ( all Top-40 teams in Ken Pomeroy 's efficiency rankings ) , the Cowboys have also played teams like West Virginia and Texas Tech close .
Still , Mike Boynton 's team will have its hands full on the road .
On the season , the Jayhawks have three players who are knocking down at least 40 percent of their three-point attempts ( Devonte ' Graham , Svi Mykhailiuk and Legarld Vick , with the former two making at least three per game ) , but as of late they 've been joined by sophomore guard Malik Newman , who is averaging 18.0 points and hitting 47.4 percent of their threes over the last four games . When Newman is shooting the ball like that , Kansas is extremely difficult to defend , and that could be especially true for an Oklahoma State team that has been solid defensively but ranks 231st in the country in three-point field goal percentage defense .
Ultimately , it would be very surprising if Kansas did n't leave Allen Fieldhouse with a win . But Oklahoma State–although inconsistent–has proven it can play with anyone , and these early Saturday games can sometimes be unpredictable . This one could turn out to be closer than expected .
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Rishikul Primary School head teacher Surendra Kumar ( infront ) , Education Minister Mahendra Reddy with year 8 students at the new school block during the opening in Nasinu today . Picture : SOPHIE RALULU
Update : 1:31PM CHILDREN living in the greater Nasinu area can now attend Rishikul Primary School located at Valelevu after the opening of an additional 10 classrooms at the school today .
The school 's current roll is 1625 students .
It 's school manager Vijay Nair said because there is always a high demand for education , it is only crucial that Rishikul Primary School construct additional classrooms to cater for the demand .
`` Nasinu is a densely populated area and there is always a demand in education for more classrooms to cater for children , '' they said .
The Minister for Education Dr Mahendra Reddy officiated at the opening .
Parents at a middle school in Gurnee , Illinois , are upset after their kids received a controversial Hitler-themed assignment .
One mother said they were “ flabbergasted ” after they found SpongeBob SquarePants with swastikas in their son 's language arts homework online , Fox 43 reported .
Kelly Masterton told WGN their eighth grade son , Michael , was given the assignment at Woodland Middle School last week called “ If You Give Hitler a Country ” modeled after the children 's book , “ If you give a mouse a cookie. ” The assignment had a cartoon-like “ My Little Pony ” in a Nazi uniform saluting over a map of Europe .
The students were instructed to “ create a comic strip for little kids that exemplifies Europe 's appeasement towards Hitler , ” using “ fun and colorful ” pictures .
“ I asked them ‘ did you ask the teacher if you could use these images ? ' and they said ‘ yes , ' ” they said . “ Not sure what 's an appropriate manner to use a swastika . ”
Kelly posted a picture of the Hitler-themed homework on their Facebook page , prompting other parents to raise questions .
“ There 's got to be a better way to teach our kids about the horrific things Hitler did , ” another parent said .
“ I do n't think they did it on purpose , to be anti-Semitic , ” Kelly said . “ I think they were trying to teach that there was propaganda…It did not come through the assignment that way . ”
The school district wrote a letter to parents that the objective of the lesson is in alignment with state standards and district curriculum on World War II , but apologized for causing concern for members of the community .
“ However , the ‘ fun ' and ‘ cartoonish ' elements of the activity students were asked to complete did not fully represent the intent of the teachers ” or a board policy on teaching of controversial issues , the letter read . “ The intent of the student activity was to help students understand the complex issues leading up to World War II , not to minimize the atrocities of Nazi Germany . ”
$ 850 Crocs sell out in hours Crocs — the unisex , foam staple favored by grandmothers around the globe — are officially the hottest shoe of the season . Last fall , Balenciaga debuted platform Crocs on its runway ....
Fate of Barneys New York flagship up to arbitrator Barneys New York is fighting like hell to save its Madison Avenue flagship . After more than six months of intense but fruitless negotiations over a lease extension with its landlord ...
Gold-digging mistress tried to extort millions from Barneys heir : suit A married heir to the nearly billion-dollar Barneys retail fortune claims their mistress was a gold digger who tried to extort them for millions . But the woman says they truly ...
Bruce Springsteen wines down alone before Broadway The Boss makes themselves at home at Freds Madison Avenue .
Barneys selling Antifa-inspired jackets for $ 375 This is n't the first time fashion and politics have come together , but this may be the least successful . Over the weekend , apparel company Alpha Industries launched an Antifa-influenced M-65 Anarchy ...
Bruce Springsteen swings by Barneys amid Broadway prep Bruce Springsteen stepped out for lunch at Freds Madison Avenue atop Barneys New York .
Would you buy this $ 185 Prada paperclip ? The Internet is cracking up at Prada 's new money clip , which is made from sterling silver and available at Barneys . One Twitter user wrote , “ By the time I buy the ...
Lenders who finance luxe shopping chains are nervous for the holidays Some lenders who finance retail vendors are getting skittish about the holiday prospects for luxe chains Neiman Marcus , Bergdorf Goodman and Barneys New York , The Post has learned . The lending ...
Man sues Barney 's for refusing to refund swanky skinny jeans They were left in a tight spot ! A fashion-loving attorney is suing Barney 's after they claim the swanky department store refused to refund them for $ 11,250 worth of skinny biker ...
Indian stars Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone did n't emerge as winners at the Teen Choice 2017 award ceremony , where TV show 'Riverdale ' and film 'Wonder Woman ' dominated the winners ' list .
Deepika was nominated for their Hollywood debut 'xXx : Return of Xander Cage ' in the Choice Action Movie Actress category and lost the title to Gal Gadot , who won for their act in hit film 'Wonder Woman ' .
Priyanka was also nominated for their Hollywood debut film Baywatch in the Choice Movie Villain category . They were competing with stars like Charlize Theron , Elizabeth Banks , James McAvoy , Javier Bardem and Luke Evans . Evans emerged the winner .
Sushant Singh Rajput BREAKS SILENCE On Being Tagged As An 'ARROGANT ' Actor !
The fan-decided awards were announced here on Sunday .
The annual ceremony , which recognises teen icons in film , television , music , sports , fashion , comedy and the web , honoured film and TV titles including 'Wonder ' Woman ' , 'Riverdale ' and 'Beauty and the Beast ' , reports ew.com .
Stars from 'Riverdale ' , 'Teen Wolf ' and 'Pretty Little Liars ' dominated the TV categories , while 'Wonder Woman ' and 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 ' won big in the movie categories .
Orsted has signed its first manufacturing contract in Taiwan for a jacket foundation transition piece mock-up to be built by Century Wind Power ( CWP ) .
The structure is scheduled to be delivered in the second half of the year .
Related Stories Orsted hunts UXO off Asia , US
12 Mar 2018
Orsted outlines Taiwan cash plans
07 Mar 2018 The Danish energy company said the €2.5m contract aims to help CWP prepare for upcoming tenders for Orsted 's four Greater Changhua offshore wind farms , which will have a total capacity of 2.4GW .
The Taiwanese company will carry out project management , procurement , fabrication and storage of the mock-up foundation .
CWP , which signed a memorandum of understanding with Danish fabricator Bladt Industries late last year , plans to build a new plant at the port of Taipei on 16 hectares of land to manufacture jacket foundations .
The €139m plant is expected to be completed by the end of 2019 .
Orsted also signed an MoU with CWP in November last year to collaborate on turbine foundation fabrication for the Greater Changhua projects .
The four wind farms are scheduled to be built 35km to 60km off the coast of Changhua between 2021 and 2025 .
Image : Orsted
MATHEWS KABAMBA , Nkana Stadium , Kitwe
KITWE 1 POWER 0
STRIKER Emmanuel Chabula yesterday scored their seventh goal of the season as Kitwe United beat rivals Power Dynamos to get the city 's bragging rights. “ We created chances and managed to score one . Last time we drew [ 1-1 with Power ] . I told the players to score and maintain the lead . I am happy we have won two of our last games , ” Kitwe coach Steven Mwansa said in an interview .
Chabula , who netted a hat-trick in the 4-1 win over KYSA last Saturday , headed in a Tom Muzech cross beating Power goalkeeper Lawrence Mulenga in the 44th minute in this Super Division Week 22 encounter.http : //epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- The father of an 8-year-old boy killed by a garbage truck says their family is in shock .
“ Man , I just never would have thought this would happen at all , ” said De'Andre Baker , who said he 's living the worst time of their life .
“ It 's a terrible nightmare . I just want to wake up for real , but I know it 's all real , ” Baker told Fox 4 's Robert Townsend during an exclusive interview just three days after losing their 8-year-old son , Dra'Viontay Baker .
De'Andre Baker said their son was a free spirit .
“ He liked to have fun , and they were real energetic and goofy -- - real goofy just like me , '' the heartbroken dad said . `` Every time I look at their picture , it just hurts . ''
Dra'Viontay 's stepmother echoed De'Andre Baker 's heartbreak and love for the boy .
“ He loved their siblings especially their baby sister , '' a smiling Tanisha Garrett said about their stepson . `` All the time they clanged to them and they clanged to him . ''
`` He was just a great kid , '' said Kalvin Loyd , Dra'Viontay 's maternal grandfather . `` He and their mom lived here with me and my wife . I will just miss seeing them and them being here with us . ''
The 8-year-old 's maternal grandfather , who they were living with ,
De'Andre Baker said Friday afternoon Dra'Viontay , a third-grader at Truman Elementary , left school and was excited about spending another weekend with their dad .
But one phone call changed all that .
“ A neighbor across the street called me , '' De'Andre Baker said . `` When they told me what was going on , I dropped the phone , and I just started shaking my head like 'Hold on , no ! ' I then picked my phone back up and everybody on the phone was crying . I could n't get there fast enough . ''
No one could believe Dra'Viontay -- who was outside their home , riding their wagon and playing with a 9-year-old buddy for just a few minutes -- had been hit by a garbage truck . The tragedy happened just two weeks before Christmas .
“ My boy died at that scene , '' De'Andre Baker said . `` That truck 's tire was on their little body . As for Christmas , it wo n't be the same and I 'm not really feeling it , but I will do it for their sisters and brother . I had already bought them the scooter they wanted , and I was going to get them the one thing they really wanted : a hoverboard with Bluetooth , but now I ca n't . ''
Garrett said they believe prayers help a lot .
“ No one should ever go through that with a child , '' they said . `` All the support and reaching out , it 's helping , but it will never be the same . ''
Family and friends will gather at 3 p.m. Tuesday around a memorial at East 100th Street and Drury Avenue where Dra'Viontay lost their young life .
Dra'Viontay 's funeral will be held at 1 p.m. Saturday at Graceway Church in Raytown . The visitation will also be at the church from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday .
Two Go Fund Me pages have been set up to assist the boy 's family with their funeral expenses .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Reinsurers braced for year of cost-cutting
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Woodstock Museum curators Shelli Lipton and Nathan Koenig , have been visiting for the Aquarius 45th Anniversary celebrations . They feel the activities of that 70s generation 'were a way to see right through the political and religious indoctrinations ... to see the truth , and its was different to what our parents were telling us . ' They wanted to be free on this planet ' and the expanding of their consciousness is still going on .
Woodstock Museum curators Shelli Lipton and Nathan Koenig , have been visiting for the Aquarius 45th Anniversary celebrations . They feel the activities of that 70s generation 'were a way to see right through the political and religious indoctrinations ... to see the truth , and its was different to what our parents were telling us . ' They wanted to be free on this planet ' and the expanding of their consciousness is still going on . Peter Derrett
ROLLING STONE magazine listed the Woodstock Festival , on a dairy farm in the Catskill Mountains in Southern New York State in 1969 , as one of the 50 moments that changed the history of Rock and Roll .
Woodstock Museum ambassadors Shelli Lipton and Nathan Koenig said the town of Nimbin took what Woodstock represented one step further .
The couple have been in Australia for the fourth time , showing documentaries and films about the connection between Woodstock and the Northern Rivers as part of the Aquarius Celebration 2018 .
Mr Koenig said it was a number of Sydney University representatives from the National Union Students who took the Aquarius Festival counter-culture and gave it a chance to `` evolve in Nimbin , not just as a town , but as a place of many cooperatives , colleges and smaller communities ” .
`` The goal to create utopia took root in Nimbin and now we are seeing how it has evolved into the next generation . Some are thriving and some have had problems but , from humble beginnings , they are still here ... the 60 's Summer Of Love is represented in this town better than almost anywhere in the world , ” said Mr Koenig .
`` And now that the 50th anniversary of Woodstock is coming up there is a chance to take stock and deepen our understanding of what the era was all about . ”
Mr Koenig and Ms Lipton have confirmed their plans to set up a trip for locals to celebrate 50 years from Woodstock .
`` We are talking to travel agents locally in Lismore and Byron about booking a plane flight from Australia to the 50th anniversary of the 1969 Woodstock Music festival , ” Mr Koenig said .
`` We are in touch with the producer of all three Woodstock music festivals , they comes often to the museum , but they are not announcing anything yet , but we are attempting to take a plane-load of Australians and Nimbinites over for the festival and to have a tour of the area . ”
Mr Koenig said the festival will most likely be held in mid-August 2019 .
Photo / Mikey Williams-Top Rank
Vasyl Lomachenko could have come to ringside and chatted with media somewhat informally , but the pound-for-pound ace wanted something a bit more structured , so the PR folks moved press at the MSG Theater to a section of seating , and had some stools set up so Team Loma could take queries after their easy-peasy takeout of Guillermo Rigondeaux Saturday evening in NYC .
Seems clear that the 29 year old is getting more and more comfortable in their role…which is that of the best boxer on the planet .
OK , OK , this is n't provable , that they are THE BEST…but the way some folks talk about them suggests they kinda sorta has to be THE MAN .
“ Never seen anyone like that…never seen anyone does some of that stuff , ” is what I heard from vets of the sport , we 're talking some with four decades under their belt .
The 10-1 boxer dispatched Rigondeaux with absurd ease , so much that the Cuban did n't land more than three punches in any single round during the six rounds they completed . Now , not everyone of the 5,300 or so in the building was giddy after , because , frankly , many felt like Rigo quit , gave up , did n't give their best effort to win . They hurt their hand , they said , and they and the trainer , Pedro Diaz , decided to end it early .
Loma themselves was asked about that , and they clearly are n't keen to go the polite route , and let the Cuban off the hook . “ No , it did n't surprise me ( that Rigo quit ) , ” they said in their native tongue , though they mostly spoke English during the press briefing . “ I was waiting for them to do something more , ” they said , as told by manager Egis Klimas , who could well win BWAA manager of the year , what with Loma 's ascent cementing and Kovalev getting back on the winning track . “ And during the press conference ( on Thursday ) , I had said I would n't be surprised if they said ‘ no mas . '' '
Bottom line , did they think the left hand injury explanation was righteous ? “ I fight with one hand in Macao…it depends on you . If you want to win , want to fight , you need ( to be willing to ) die in that ring . ”
Rigo talked mad trash , much of it on Twitter…and then quit…thoughts ? “ Where 's Rigo , ” they said , need to ask him . At the hospital , came the response… .
When , I asked , did Loma know that he 'd have their way with Rigo…right away ?
“ No , it was after the second round , ” the ace tradesman said at the post-fight presser . “ The first round I think , maybe they have some strategy . Wait a little bit , then after the second round , he 'd begin to use their punches . ”
Did they know it could maybe go like this ? “ He 's a good fighter , he 's a strong fighter , but it 's not their weight , not theirs size . ”
And is they breaking guys mentally , or physically ? “ Both…both , ” Loma said . “ I feel after the third round , I say , ‘ You 're mine , you 're mine . ' ” They knew after one round that it would n't go the distance , they shared .
Will they stay at 130 .. or go to 135 ? They asked Bob Arum what 's next and Bob , they said , told them to rest . “ I want a big fight , a big name . I 'm ready for anybody ! ”
Are they fighter of the year ? Nah , they said , “ not three big wins…It 's not big for me , ” they said of the Rigo conquest , because Rigo was coming up so much in weight .
And was they frustrated by Rigo 's holding ? They said they prepared for that , they knew the Cuban would . “ It 's not wrestling , it 's boxing , ” they said .
Talking about 135 .. Bob Arum said that Mikey Garcia and Jorge Linares would be easy work for Loma . Does the fighter agree ? No , they said ; moving to 135 will be like Rigo going from 122 to 130 . ( I think he 's not giving themselves enough credit . )
As for next , Salido is off the list , being that they lost Saturday . Name one guy ! “ Maybe Mikey Garcia , ” Loma said , after some pondering . Do they think Garcia would be a stern test ? They treat every foe if they will be a stern test , they said , basically telling us that they do n't get cocky , and trains their tail off for any fight . No , they did n't go out of their way to laud Mikey 's skills .
Gary Russell again ? It 's hard , because of promotional differences…and they also said they think Russell does n't love fighting that much .
So , 135 next ? “ It depends on Bob Arum , ” they said . “ My weight is 138 , ” they stated . They said he 's open to stay at 130 , or go to 135 . Miguel Berchelt , a titleholder at 130 , holding the WBC strap , is a logical next for Loma , said Top Rank exec Carl Moretti . Moretti basically said no one at 130 is likely to really test Loma , but unifying is decent idea . “ There are no challenges in the sport for them right now , ” Moretti said , and that bears repeating , and underlining . They also said Alberto Machado , the WBA champ , is n't very marketable , so that one does n't make sense .
My three cents : Loma 's English is getting better and this will help spread the word on them to the casuals . A nasty KO of Rigo , tailor made for SportsCenter , would have helped , as well , but the crafty Cuban was n't going to go out like that . On that point , it was interested in that a media member asked Dino Duva of Roc Nation for proof of Rigo 's injury , implying that they do n't trust the explanation that a left hand injury from round three made them unable to continue . Some of that mistrust could be , I think , also run-off from the Roc Nation/Daniel Franco situation , as public opinion is seemingly almost wholly on the Franco side . I have n't heard many , if any , folks who understand why Roc Nation is n't standing behind the injured fighter , and why Jay-Z , a billionaire , is n't offering to help with medical bills . Roc Nation boxing boss Michael Yormark did n't attend this fight , leaving Duva to be the answer man . Since Rigo went to the hospital , no Roc Nation rep was at the post-fight presser , the official one . Duva did stand and take questions from press at ringside , twenty minutes after the main event ended . They are n't asked about the Franco situation , though . My guess is that it is on the minds of everyone over there , every day . That 's my guess , though , none are keen to go on the record and talk about their side of this .
Follow Woods on Twitter .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
NEW YORK — The Mets have hired two new public address announcers for Citi Field , including the first woman to hold the job and a grandson of late ABC broadcaster Howard Cosell .
Marysol Castro will start work at Thursday night 's homestand opener against the Chicago Cubs , and Colin Cosell will debut on Saturday night .
Alex Anthony was the announcer from 2002-17 , making the move with the team from Shea Stadium to Citi Field . They were replaced on an interim basis at the start of this season by Rob Rush , also the announcer for the NBA G-League 's Long Island Nets .
Castro has worked at WPIX and News 12 The Bronx in New York , and was a weather anchor on ABC 's `` Good Morning America '' for seven years .
eric musselContrary to what people that were caught up in the moment are going to try and tell you , this was not the craziest first weekend of the NCAA tournament of all time .
We may have had the single-craziest moment ever — we 'll get to that — and we did lose a number of the top teams in the bracket , but the insanity of this weekend was n't quite clinical .
That said , we did get left with a number of memorable moments through out the first four days of the greatest sporting event in America . Here are the 12 that will stick with us for the longest time :
12 . THE KEENAN EVANS TAKEOVER
We 've been trying to let you know about this guy all season long . The Texas Tech star averaged 22.5 points and 3.0 assists through the first two weekends of the event , and 33 of the 45 points that they scored came in the second half of two close wins . They hit the go-ahead three to beat Florida with just over two minutes left and made all the big plays in the come-from-behind win over Stephen F. Austin in the first round . They are a killer .
The best moment , however , might have been this lob that elicited memories of Kobe-to-Shaq :
Maybe it does n't deserve a video , but since it reminds me of Kobe 's lob to Shaq in game 7 of the 2000 Western Conference Finals… Keenan Evans ' lob to Zhaire Smith for the DAGGER is even better with Titanic music ! ! ! 🏀🚢🎶 pic.twitter.com/K1NTRmrJxp — 🏀🚢🎶TITANIC HOOPS🏀🚢🎶 ( @ TitanicHoops ) March 18 , 2018
11 . MYLES POWELL FOR THE COVER
If you 're not a gambler , you may not have noticed that the final , seemingly meaningless shot in Kansas ' win over Seton Hall in the second round had all kinds of weight behind it . Powell hit a running 30-footer as time-expired , cutting the Kansas lead to 83-79 . Kansas was favored by 4.5 points in that game . The shot that they hit meant that the Pirates covered the spread . Millions of dollars — that 's not an exaggeration — changed hands as a direct result of that shot going in .
🚨🚨🚨 # MOOSEALERT 🚨🚨🚨 Myles Powell 's `` meaningless '' 3 pointer to cut Kansas ' lead from 7 to 4 is a shot that Jayhawks full game ( -4.5 ) and 2H ( -1.5 ) bettors will never forget . pic.twitter.com/Vweqc4km1X — The Action Network ( @ ActionNetworkHQ ) March 18 , 2018
10 . MEET ZACH NORVELL
You may not have known who they were before this event started but you probably know who they are now . The Gonzaga first-year student scored 15 points and hit the game-winning three as the Zags beat UNC Greensboro in the first round of the NCAA tournament , following that up by going for a career-high 28 points , a career-high 12 boards , a career-high six threes and their first career double-double in a second round win over Ohio State . He 's scored at least 14 points in each of their last six games . They will be the next superstar in Spokane .
9 . SYRACUSE IS IN THE SWEET 16 PLAYING BASKETBALL THAT MAKES VIRGINIA SEEM EXCITING
Jim Boeheim , man . You have to give them credit . For the second time in three seasons , their Orange team has snuck into the NCAA tournament with a resume that did n't deserve a bid and proceeded to make everyone seem like an idiot for saying they did n't belong . The Orange are in the Sweet 16 after starting in the First Four and failing to score more than 60 points in any of their three games . Boeheim just packs in that 2-3 , puts as many long and athletic people on the floor that they can and lets Tyus Battle go make plays . And it works . Sometimes basketball is an easy game , I guess .
8 . TEXAS A & M MOLLYWHOPS THE REIGNING NATIONAL CHAMPS
One thing that I never thought that I would see in this event is a team with Joel Berry II and Theo Pinson getting run out of the gym . Those two dudes are so good and so tough and been through so much that I expected them to be in a dogfight every time they set foot on a court for all eternity . Then Sunday happened , and Texas A & M — who spent four months flirting with the idea that maybe living up to their potential was a possibility — absolutely trucked them . They won by 21 points , and the outcome never really felt in doubt after the final TV timeout of the first half .
7 . BUFFALO STEAMROLLS ARIZONA
Remember when we all thought that this was going to be the most memorable upset for the first weekend ?
Hahaha . That was fun .
But just because Virginia happened to go full Virginia and exactly one half of the top three seeds in the tournament were knocked out before the start of the second weekend does n't mean that what Buffalo did should be swept under the rug . The Bulls eviscerated an Arizona team that looked like they were ready to quit on this utterly forgettable season by the middle of the second half .
6 . FLORIDA STATE SENDS XAVIER PACKING
Xavier , the No . 1 seed in the West Region , looked like they were going to be able to cruise into the Sweet 16 , as they led the Seminoles by 12 points with under 10 minutes left in the game . But that did not last , as they were outscored 18-4 to close out the game while Florida State reached the Sweet 16 for the first time since 2011 .
It 's the first time since 2004 that we head into the Sweet 16 with two of the nation 's No . 1 seeds sitting at home .
5 . NEVADA WITH TWO COMEBACKS IN THREE DAYS
Eric Musselman and the Wolf Pack managed two thrilling wins in the span of three days . First , they came from way behind to beat No . 10-seed Texas in the opening round of the event before erasing the second-largest deficit in NCAA tournament history when they came back from 22 points down in the final 11:43 to second No . 2 Cincinnati back to the Queen City .
4 . JORDAN POOLE HITS Their GAME-WINNER
This shot , to beat Houston in the second round , will be the most memorable shot from this first weekend :
Absolutely LOVE this fan-shot video of Jordan Poole 's game-winning shot , via @ redditCBB : pic.twitter.com/aEByXrFokK — Alejandro Zúñiga ( @ ByAZuniga ) March 18 , 2018
While this image is one that will forever epitomize what makes March Madness so special :
3 . ROB GRAY 'S FIRST ROUND PERFORMANCE
The shame in Poole 's shot going in was that it ended the tournament run of Houston star Rob Gray , who put together one of the best first weekend 's in tournament history as well as a performance that should have been iconic . In the first round , against No . 11-seed San Diego State , Gray finished with 39 of their team 's 67 points , including the game-winning bucket with 1.1 seconds left on the clock .
That game-winner capped one of the wildest finishes to a game that I can ever remember seeing . Check this out :
And that led directly to this :
WOW . 😱😱😱 ROB GRAY gives Houston the lead & hits a new career-high with 39 PTS ! pic.twitter.com/LPtUCUXY6n — NCAA March Madness ( @ marchmadness ) March 16 , 2018
2 . THE No . 11-SEED LOYOLA-CHICAGO RAMBLERS , AND SISTER JEAN , ARE IN THE SWEET 16 AFTER TWO GAME-WINNERS
I do n't even know where to start with this .
Twice in the span of three days , Loyola trailed 62-61 with less than 10 seconds left and twice in the span of three days they made a game-winner to advance to the next round of the tournament .
LOYOLA-CHICAGO DOES IT AGAIN ! ! ! Clayton Custer gets the game-winner to go as the Ramblers upset 3rd-seeded Tennessee , clinching a spot in the Sweet 16 for the first time since 1985 ! pic.twitter.com/QMmfTH4gWs — DRK Sports ( @ drksportsnews ) March 18 , 2018
Sister Jean loves it .
1 . UMBC !
Could it be anything else ?
For the first time in the history of the world , a No . 16 seed has beaten a No . 1 seed in the NCAA tournament as the Retrievers knocked off Virginia to get their shot to play their way into the Sweet 16 . They lost to Kansas State on Sunday , but who cares ? It would have been terrific theater to see them get their shot in the Sweet 16 , but it was not meant to be .
We 'll have to simply settle for UMBC truck-sticking the No . 1 overall seed in the tournament .
The new Dean of Belfast has spoken of their excitement at taking on the role , but also acknowledged it is “ a massive challenge and a daunting task ” .
Archdeacon Stephen Forde will be installed as the 14th Dean of Belfast at a service in St Anne 's Cathedral at 3.30pm tomorrow .
The service will be attended by the Bishops of Connor and Down and Dromore , representatives of community life in the city , visiting bishops and leaders of the other main denominations in Northern Ireland .
Dean-elect Forde said they approached their new role knowing they would need the prayers and support of many others , including “ staff at the cathedral , the cathedral community who call this place their spiritual home , and also support from the wider community in Belfast , as well as from the clergy and people of the two dioceses that this cathedral serves ” .
They added : “ Yet I know that the God who calls is also the God who equips . All I can ask is that people will pray for me , and work with me , to achieve God 's ambitions for this great cathedral and to embrace all the opportunities of God 's future . ”
Archdeacon Forde said the redevelopment of the Cathedral Quarter , and the arrival of 10,000 students at the University of Ulster , represented “ a time of new beginnings and new horizons ” .
They added : “ I hope the cathedral will be a place where people who are rushed and hassled by life 's demands will find rest and refreshment , a place of peace in a world of many pressures .
“ I also hope the cathedral will be a place of ecumenical encounter , a place where bridges are built and barriers dismantled .
“ Above all , I pray this will be a place where people discover how much they matter , because they will discover how much they matter to God . ”
The formal institution and installation of the new dean is followed by commissioning in which they are presented with symbols of the teaching , pastoral and sacramental ministry of an incumbent .
These will include a Bible ( to preach the Good News of Jesus Christ ) , a container of water ( recognising that the cathedral is a place of Christian baptism ) , a Book of Common Prayer ( demonstrating the primary role of the dean to lead public worship and encourage a life of personal devotion ) , bread and wine ( the elements of holy communion ) , oil ( symbolic of healing and reconciliation ) , the key to the cathedral ( as a reminder that the cathedral is a place to be kept open for all people ) and a towel ( as a reminder of Christ washing their disciples ' feet and of the ministry of service and support of those in need and in trouble ) .
Click to share on Google+ ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Tumblr ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
AUBURN , Ala. ( AP ) With defensive stops hard to come by , Canyon Barry and the Florida Gators simply scored more than they had all season .
Barry scored a season-high 30 points and the 15th-ranked Gators kept up with high-scoring Auburn for a half , then sprinted away to a 114-95 victory Tuesday night .
Known more for their stingy defense , the Gators ( 21-5 , 11-2 Southeastern Conference ) blew past their previous scoring high of 106 points en route to a seventh straight win . They dominated after going into halftime locked in a 50-50 tie , coming out of the locker room on a 13-3 run and never looking back despite losing center John Egbunu to a knee injury early .
“ It was an odd game to me , ” Florida coach Mike White said . “ Outside of early second half we never could find a defensive rhythm . They were fantastic offensively . They 're just very difficult to defend . Good thing for us it was one of those nights where we made a bunch of shots . We made a bunch of shots , we made a bunch of free throws .
“ Our guys found a way . Obviously a different way than we won any game last year . ”
Florida shot 56 percent from the field and made 11 of 19 3-point attempts and 37 of 42 free throws .
Auburn ( 16-10 , 5-8 ) became the first team to reach its season average in regulation against the Gators , but could n't slow them down on the other end .
The game was so dominated by offense that 13 players scored in double figures . It was also easily the most points allowed by a Florida team that came in giving up 65.2 points per game .
“ I do n't think our defense was very good , ” Barry said . “ They were n't locked in on scouting reports . The first play of the game , we give up a 3-pointer to one of their best shooters ( Purifoy ) . ”
Anfernee McLemore led Auburn with a career-high 19 points , T.J. Dunans had 13 and Ronnie Johnson 12 .
KeVaughn Allen scored all 17 of their points in the second half for Florida , which had seven players reach 10 points . Devin Robinson added 14 . Kasey Hill had 11 points and 12 assists .
Egbunu had 10 points before leaving with a left knee injury midway through the first half . They did n't return , and White said they did n't know the nature of the injury . Egbunu is scheduled to have an MRI on Wednesday .
“ He was having a heck of a game , too , before they got hurt , ” White said .
Barry – who had their made free throw streak end at 42 – made 3 of 5 3-pointers and 11 of 12 foul shots .
“ Florida 's a great team , ” Auburn coach Bruce Pearl said . “ They 're engaged on both ends of the floor . We got a real treat in seeing Barry play . He 's just a terrific player . ”
It 's the first time in nearly two years Auburn has allowed 100 points , the last time against Kentucky on Feb. 21 , 2015 .
BIG PICTURE
Florida has matched the longest win streak in White 's two seasons . The Gators have won 10 straight meetings , including nine in a row at Auburn .
Auburn hosted Florida for the first time since 2014 , with the three meetings since coming in Gainesville . The Tigers allowed 60-plus second-half points for the third straight game . The Tigers started 5 of 6 from 3-point range and made 1 of 15 from there .
STREAK ENDS
Barry 's school-record streak of made free throws ended at 42 . Barry , who shoots underhanded like their Hall of Fame father Rick , missed the second of two attempts with 15:20 left in the first half . They still had 13 points in the first 8 minutes .
“ You 're going to miss eventually , ” Barry said . “ Obviously I 'd like to make all of them but in basketball and life , you 're not going to . ”
UP NEXT
Florida visits Mississippi State on Saturday to continue a stretch with three of four games on the road .
Auburn travels to Texas A & M on Saturday then goes to LSU three days later .
—
More AP college basketball : http : //www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP-Top25 .
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image CEO FNRL Timoci Naleba , Nadi Aviators team captain Akuila Utonitakari and Aviators coach Vela Tawaka and two other members of Nadi Aviators during the launch today . Picture : ERONI TUINUKU
Update : 12:53PM The Fiji National Rugby League today launched the outfits for the Nadi Aviators club for their match against the Lae Snax Tigers from Papua New Guinea this week .
Nadi Aviators qualified for the Champion vs Champion competition after defeating Suva Eagles 38-30 in the zone finals .
The Champion vs Champion match will be played at Lawaqa Park on Saturday , February 18 at 3pm .
The Papua New Guinea champs will arrive into the country tomorrow morning and will camp at Uprising Beach Resort .
Small business job growth and wages increased in the first month of 2018 , according to The Paychex | IHS Markit Small Business Employment Watch . While The Small Business Job Index was below the break even point of 100 at 99.88 , it still marked a small increase over December of 0.18 percent . However , January 's job growth rate is down compared to this time last year by 0.74 percent .
January 2018 Small Business Employment Statistics
The year-over-year growth rate for wages in January was 2.81 percent , an improvement over December 's 2.78 percent . Hourly earnings are up 0.72 percent over last year , to $ 26.38 .
Long awaited tax clarity made a difference .
“ After an extended period of uncertainty , the passing of federal tax reform at the end of last year offered clarity to business owners on the immediate future of U.S. tax policy , ” said Martin Mucci , Paychex president and CEO in a release .
Regionally , the Midwest jobs index placed over 100 , moving 0.47 percent in January alone . At the other end of that scale , the West has the lowest index regionally ( 99.43 ) and the weakest monthly and yearly growth rates at 0.09 percent and -0.74 percent , respectively .
Virginia had a large decrease of 0.40 percent in January and Missouri 's index was the weakest at 98.32 . Denver 's index at 103 placed it at the top for metros .
The West had the best earnings growth at 3.44 percent hourly and 3.86 percent weekly . Arizona , with a 4.92 percent hourly earnings growth , has the best state numbers . Ohio , Illinois and Indiana have hourly earnings growth that leaves them in the bottom three positions .
Phoenix is the best metro for hourly earnings growth at 5.15 percent , with San Diego , Riverside and Los Angeles rounding out the next positions . Hourly earnings climbed in the financial services and construction industry , with a slight uptick in manufacturing .
The report draws on the payroll data of approximately 350,000 Paychex clients . The Small Business Jobs Index uses payroll data from businesses with fewer than 50 workers with 100 being the break even point for growth .
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) – A 2-year-old is recovering in the hospital after possibly overdosing on opiates late Tuesday afternoon on Pointview Avenue in Dayton according to Dayton Police .
As of Tuesday night , the child is in serious condition at Dayton Children 's Hospital . Medics rushed the child to the hospital after their godmother called 911 .
Caller : “ My god daughter just , I do n't know . She 's not waking up . She 's not breathing . She 's not nothing . ”
Moments later , the dispatcher tells the caller to put their head near the girl 's mouth to check them breathing .
Dispatch : “ Can you feel them breathing ? ” Caller : “ Yeah . She 's breathing . She 's breathing . She 's having a hard time breathing . ”
A minute later , medics arrived and rush the child to the hospital . Police say they were in the care of a babysitter at the time and say the initial investigation points to a possible overdose .
“ With the height of the opiate epidemic , ” Dayton Police Lt. Steven Bauer said . “ There 's some suspicion that it might possibly be an opiate overdose . ”
First responders were called to a home on Pointview Avenue near Main Street late Tuesday afternoon . Neighbors , like Janae Johnson , say they 're in disbelief .
“ It 's sad , ” Johnson said . “ I mean I just think people should start paying attention to their kids because now that makes me worry about my kids and makes me want to keep my kids in the house . ”
Johnson is a mother of 3 kids and says their family spends most of their days outside . They say they always keep a close eye on their children .
“ My kids know what to do and what not to do , ” Johnson said . “ They know to play in front of the house . They know to keep an eye on each other . ”
“ It 's just sad , ” Neighbor Jade Calloway said . “ It 's real sad . I hope whatever happens to the baby , I hope the baby is okay because that is sad . Nobody deserves that . That baby did n't deserve that . ”
Lt. Bauer says what happened serves as a sad reminder that the opioid crisis is getting worse .
“ A 2-year-old is an unwilling participant in it , ” Lt. Bauer said . “ A lot times we see willing participants in it . It 's a very serious problem and it seems like it 's becoming more prevalent . ”
We 're working to learn more about the toddler 's parents . Police say they know the mother . As of Tuesday night , Police were actively searching for them
GRAYSON COUNTY , Texas -- Flash flooding overwhelmed Grayson County over the weekend . Parts of Sherman received more than 9 inches of precipitation in a month that -- on average -- delivers around 2 inches of rain .
Motorists found debris on the streets and some roads were blocked by high water . Homes suffered flood damage .
The hardest-hit residences were along Post Oak Creek on Washington Street , Regency Circle and Contemporary Drive . At least 19 families were evacuated , and the American Red Cross is offering assistance .
`` If they did n't have owners ' insurance , ... the Red Cross will help them be able to advocate for them and give them referrals to organizations to help them on the road to recovery , '' said Red Cross disaster program manager Michael Lierer .
The last time Sherman saw flooding like this was back in 2007 , and Roger Flexer is heartbroken to have to go through this type of disaster for the third time .
`` There 's no good one , not at all , '' they said . `` You feel sorry for all the people that are displaced and all their belongings ruined and stuff like that . ''
Flood-damaged household goods sit on the front lawn of homes along Post Oak Creek in Sherman . ( KTEN )
The next step is to clean up the homes that were damaged by a wall of water that rose four feet .
`` So now , we 're going into the cleanup stage , '' Flexer said . `` We have to have the renter there when we start to clean up the apartments ... to make sure that everything is thrown away that needs to be thrown away , and the other stuff not thrown away . It 's really emotional for all of us , but thankful that everybody got out safe . ''
The Red Cross is encouraging storm victims to visit its Denison office at 2527 FM 691 ( Grayson Drive ) for supplies and support .
There have been only three other days on record where Sherman saw more rain than on Sunday .
Up to 6.4 inches of rain was measured in parts of Denison over the weekend , leaving flood damage behind .
At Waterloo Lake Regional Park , docks and signs were almost completely underwater . Area residents said they 're accustomed to seeing the lake flooded every year ... but not like this .
`` We 've lived here for the past four years , and it seems like for the past three years we 've had flooding almost every year , '' said one person . `` But this time , it seems like it is a lot worse than what it has been in the past . ''
Randy Day said they were surprised to see how quickly the situation deteriorated .
`` It is worse than it has ever been , especially as far as one night of rain goes , '' they said . `` It 's not even this bad whenever it rains all week . ''
The 148-acre park remained open Monday as workers tackled cleanup issues . Denison Parks and Recreation Department director Chris Mobley said a couple of bridges at the facility were damaged and that one had already been replaced Monday morning .
`` We 're doing an assessment right now on the damage , '' they said , adding that the storm may have a silver lining . `` We 've got all this debris that 's washed up now , and now we get a chance to pick it all up and have a very clean park now . ''
That effort is expected to last several days .
Mill Creek was rising near Bells , Texas on Sunday morning . ( Courtesy Carolyn Dexheimer )
Forecasters said Pottsboro was also hit hard , where just under 7 inches of precipitation was measured over the weekend .
More rain is in the forecast for Texoma through the rest of the week .
KTEN reporters Amelia Mugavero and Colton Thompson and meteorologist David Siple contributed to this report .
Image copyright Orr family Image caption Jayden died while training at an ice rink
Ten-year-old Jayden Orr was a promising ice skater , training for the British Championships , when they suddenly collapsed on the ice rink .
The leisure centre where they were skating had a life-saving defibrillator , but it only had adult pads and the person trained to use it was not there .
Jayden , who had given their dad the thumbs up seconds before they collapsed , could not be saved .
Their family do not know if using the defibrillator could have saved him , but they are now raising money to have child-friendly defibrillators put into schools and are campaigning to make sure defibrillators are registered with the Scottish Ambulance Service .
This will allow ambulance staff to direct members of the public to the nearest defibrillator to use until paramedics arrive .
It is not clear exactly why Jayden , from Port Glasgow , suffered a cardiac arrest . Their death , in August last year , was recorded as sudden death syndrome .
Image copyright Orr family Image caption Jayden had achieved a podium place in all seven competitions they took part in
Their 20-year-old sister Kerri Lynn told the BBC Scotland news website : `` He was a fit and healthy wee boy who had been ice skating for about four years .
`` That day they had been training for a competition and was their usual self . Two seconds after giving their dad the thumbs up they collapsed on the ice and that was it .
`` It was such a shock . It happened in seconds . We were absolutely heartbroken .
`` The fact that they were a healthy boy made it worse because there was no reason as to why it happened .
`` Using a defibrillator might have helped - you only have six minutes to save someone . ''
The family started a campaign to have defibrillators installed in all schools in Inverclyde , which they hope will extend to sports centres and other schools across Scotland .
As well as setting up a Just Giving page , they created a charity , Jayden 's Rainbow , and opened a charity shop in Greenock .
`` We have raised tens of thousands of pounds , '' Kerri said . `` The Inverclyde community have been absolutely amazing . We have been overwhelmed by the support they have given us since the day it happened . ''
Image copyright Orr family Image caption Jayden 's sister Kerri described them as a `` fit and healthy wee boy ''
Jayden 's family have ordered their first 10 defibrillators , costing £1,500 each , which will go into schools in Inverclyde .
They have also arranged for a trainer from Great Ormond Street Hospital to provide staff training .
`` We are getting defibrillators that are compatible with the ambulance service and have an adult or child button to press , '' Kerri said . `` It then tells you where to place it on the child . Everyone could use it . ''
Kerri said the family had since discovered that some defibrillators are accessible to the public but locked in cabinets .
`` You only have a few minutes so you do n't have time to look for the key , '' they said .
'Let Jayden live on '
Them mother Kathleen , 42 , added : `` These defibrillators need to be accessible to members of the public . They are no good locked away . People also need to be trained to use them . ''
Speaking about their son , they said : `` Jayden was in seven competitions and had a podium place in all of them . They were training for the British Championships .
`` It was devastating losing a son , but we 've kept ourselves really busy . The fundraising has kept us going .
`` We just want to let Jayden live on through helping other people . ''
Kathleen , Kerri , their father John , 38 , and 18-year-old brother Declan will be attending a member 's debate on the campaign which is being held in the Scottish Parliament at 17:05 , led by MSP Stuart McMillan .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/19KLM
— New parking equipment at Raleigh-Durham International Airport is causing some confusion and congestion at the exit from the parking garages .
Installation of the new system began Monday , and RDU officials said it will make getting in and out of parking at the airport much more efficient .
`` First of all , our new equipment is going to let you pay with Apple Pay or mobile payment devices , which our current system does not let you do , '' RDU spokesperson Andrew Sawyer said .
The system also has license plate readers , which Sawyer said will eliminate problems caused by people losing their parking tickets because airport staff will be able to determine how long someone has been parked in one of the garages .
But the transition has n't been without some turbulence .
Until all of the new equipment is in place , which RDU officials said would be in about a month , travelers have to enter and exit using the same system .
`` If you come in through old equipment through the entry plaza , you have to exit with the same equipment at the exit , '' Sawyer said . `` Our goal is that no one would notice ( the change ) in this transition , other than we need to get you in the right lane . ''
RDU has color-coded entrance and exit lanes and handed out yellow tags as part of a `` Yellow In , Yellow Out '' education campaign to guide people through the process .
But the change has initially led to long lines at the exits and frustrated travelers .
`` They flagged us down , we stopped , and they said , 'Go to pre-paid . ' So , I see ( a sign for ) pre-paid , because I paid for it , and they say I was in the wrong lane , '' Stuart Jones said .
Jones had gone into the garage through a lane with old equipment and was in a yellow exit lane reserved for those who entered using the new system .
`` I travel the world , and I 've been in and out of this airport every week for years , and in and out is so easy . I tell people how great Raleigh 's airport is , but not today , '' they said .
But Dan Hagerty had their `` yellow out '' reminder tag and did n't have any problems .
`` No problems at all . It was easy coming in on Tuesday , and it looks like it was easy going out today – no issues , '' Hagerty said .
RDU officials said the new equipment will allow people to reserve spaces in the parking garages online starting sometime next year .
Kevin Durant has heard plenty of heckling in opposing arenas lately , what with their return to Oklahoma City on Saturday .
So they were quick to comment back when a Nuggets fan flung a “ See you in the playoffs ! ” in their direction after Monday 's loss to the Nuggets .
Durant 's reply : “ We 'll sweep your ( expletive ) . ”
Talk about sass .
( Warning : The following post contains explicit language )
Golden State could very well face Denver in the playoffs .
If the season ended Monday , the top-seeded Warriors would host the eighth-seeded Nuggets in the opening round .
Sounds like Durant is ready to demolish Denver .
VATICAN CITY — South Korean taekwondo athletes have performed for Pope Francis , after a planned show of Korean unity at the Vatican fell apart when the North pulled out at the last minute .
Pope Francis did n't seem to notice or mind , thanking the athletes Wednesday for their exhibition `` which was a show of the will for peace , the two Koreas together . ''
South Korea 's World Taekwondo organization , the Seoul-led international body , said last week that a demonstration team from the North withdrew from the performance over the U.S.-South Korean military drills .
The performance had been planned to ceremonially open the World Taekwondo 's Grand Prix competition this week in Rome .
Clinical trials involving the editing of genes in sperm , eggs and early-stage embryos could be permitted under certain conditions , the National Academies of Sciences and the National Academy of Medicine said in a long-awaited report .
Once technical questions are resolved , clinical trials could start with extensive oversight , the report said . But the report urged limiting trials to the “ most compelling circumstances , ” such as when no other treatment exists , the condition is very serious , and the genes in question are well known to cause a particular disease .
Gene editing offers the possibility of treating many diseases , and there are already trials or advanced research under way to use the techniques to try to cure individuals with HIV , sickle cell anemia and cancer . But adjustments made to the human germ line — eggs , sperm and embryos — do n't just change the health of a single person ; they can be passed on to any future offspring .
For that reason , a gene-editing trial involving the germ line would have to include oversight not only of people participating in the trial but also following the long-term health of future generations , presumably including people who have n't been born yet and never consented to being in a clinical trial .
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com .
Richard Thaler : Here 's the best investing strategy ( 1:31 ) Professor Richard Thaler , an expert in behavioral economics , talked to MarketWatch about their 'lazy ' investing strategy that allows investors to maximize their returns while doing very little .
Also popular on WSJ.com :
Mike Flynn 's brief White House stint caps contentious career .
Disney severs ties with YouTube star PewDiePie after anti-Semitic posts .
North Sea producers turn to robots to cut costs
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
A newly developed vaccine for glioblastoma shows 'remarkable ' promise , according to preliminary results from a study of the treatment . Patients with the disease typically die within 2 years . Some in the trial have now lived as long as 7 years . Evan Vucci AP
First responders in Gladstone , Missouri , stopped by to sip on some fresh lemonade after a customer questioned an 8-year-old boy who did n't have a permit at their lemonade stand . Courtesy photo Clay County , Missouri , Sheriff
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad . It 's educational , invigorating and just plain fun . With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands . In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation . The more pre-planning that you do , the fewer hassles during your travels . Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “ Trip of a Lifetime ! ”
FORT COLLINS , Colo. ( AP ) — Colorado State placed basketball coach Larry Eustachy on administrative leave Saturday while the school assesses the program , a decision that again raises questions about their conduct .
Athletic director Joe Parker said they “ asked ” the coach to “ temporarily step away ” while the university gets a better understanding of the “ climate ” surrounding the team .
Assistant Steve Barnes will coach Saturday 's game against Nevada and “ until the assessment is complete. ” Eustachy is under contract through the 2020-21 season .
“ We are diligently working through this assessment as expeditiously as possible , understanding the importance of a thorough and fair process , ” Parker said in a statement . “ No conclusions have been made . ”
On Wednesday , Parker said the school was evaluating the team by talking to students and staff associated with men 's basketball . Parker offered no further information . That came after an online report by former Rocky Mountain Collegian sports editor Justin Michael who said Parker was interviewing players about Eustachy 's conduct .
Eustachy coached later Wednesday night , with the Rams losing 91-86 to Wyoming in double overtime .
It was reported last year that the university looked into Eustachy 's conduct in 2013-14 , finding that they created an atmosphere of “ fear and intimidation ” among players . In documents obtained by the Coloradoan and posted online a year ago , Eustachy acknowledged they “ crossed the line ” when asked about the atmosphere within the program by former athletic director Jack Graham . The documents also said the coach called players derogatory names , threw chairs , soda cans and erasers , along with punching a whiteboard .
Graham wrote to Eustachy in March 2014 , saying the “ behaviors we discussed shall not occur again or the university will terminate its contract with you for just cause . ”
The 62-year-old Eustachy is in their sixth year with Colorado State . The short-handed Rams entered the day 10-14 — dropping five in a row — with a 7-5 mark at Moby Arena . Entering this season , Eustachy 's squads have won 80 percent of their games in Fort Collins .
Before their arrival at Colorado State , Eustachy went 61-33 in three seasons with Idaho , and then 98-52 in five seasons at Utah State . They may be best known for their time at Iowa State . Their best season for the Cyclones was 1999-2000 , when Eustachy had Jamaal Tinsley and Marcus Fizer and the team went 32-5 record , reaching the final eight of the NCAA field . For that , Eustachy was named AP coach of the year .
They resigned from Iowa State in 2003 after photos of them partying with students surfaced . Soon after , Eustachy went into alcohol rehab .
Following a year away from basketball , they were given another opportunity at Southern Mississippi , where they steadily built the program into a contender . They turned in four 20-win seasons with the Golden Eagles and led them into the NCAA Tournament in 2011-12 .
They were introduced as Colorado State 's coach in April 2012 . The Rams went 26-9 their first season and made it to the NCAA Tournament .
An indigenous company , Propetrol Limited , has concluded plans to increase its retail outlets through the acquisition of more available assets in the country .
The company , which has retail network across 18 outlets in the Southern part of Nigeria , is ready to take over retail outlets , which some oil majors are ready to relinquish their interest .
It also disclosed plans to partner with foreign company in the Nigerian bunkering business of the oil and gas sector.In the global petroleum/marine industry , oil bunkering is a legitimate business that involves the process of supplying a ship with fuel .
Speaking during an interactive session with the media executives to mark 15-year anniversary of doing business in Nigeria 's oil and gas sector , the Chief Executive Officer/Managing Director , Harry Ebohon , disclosed that the company has become a leading player in the bunker supply business .
According to him , “ We are a key indigenous player in the bunkers market . Our inroad into the bunkering market was informed by the gap in the sector in terms of indigenous participation . The sector , which was dominated by the foreign players , witnessed series of withdrawals due to insecurity and slump in the price of crude oil in the international market .
“ Today , we are one of the leading indigenous players in the bunker supply sector in Nigeria , providing services to leading International Oil Companiess , National Oil Companies , rigs , platforms and dredging companies , vessels on Nigeria waters , marine equipment . In consolidation of our market leadership in this niche , we have entered into partnership with international corporates to offer even more robust services to our customers in markets where we are not physical . We shall be making announcements in this regard in the coming weeks . ”
They posited that when the company commenced operations 15 years ago , it was providing logistic services to downstream petroleum marketers . “ They relied on our trucks to speedily and efficiently move products to every part of the country . But we decided to play a more prominent role in the industry and increase our footprints and investments across the oil and gas value chain .
“ We went into retail marketing franchise with Oando , a leading major marketer .
Down the line , we saw a gap in the forecourt experience in the retail market and decided to increase our capacity and market share and launched our brand – Propel .
“ The Propel brand was designed to represent the vibrant energy inherent in the customer service delivery of Propetrol limited . With our value proposition of competitive pricing , reliability , quality products and exceptional forecourt experience ( introduction of outdoor video screens on the forecourt for entertainment and information purposes ) our retail network has spread across 18 outlets in the Southern part of Nigeria .
“ We do n't only retail all refined petroleum products such as PMS , AGO , Kerosene , LPG , lubricants , LPFO , we also distribute and supply these products in bulk to commercial and industrial customers in the country , ” they said .
8-UNDER
Milliken Roofing 15 , Wilson Bank 3
Abby Smith tripled twice and doubled for Milliken while Gracyn Milliken singled twice and tripled and Adilynn Harris had two triples . Sophie Bayes , Amiyah Hodge and Lexi Simpson each singled twice and doubled . Jailyn Driver and Jenny Yow each singled three times , Haven Risner twice and Ky'Leigh Chandler and Payln Stephens once apiece . Bayes and Smith turned a double play .
Julianna Pruitt singled as she , Labreion Kirkendoll and Rylee Rogers doubled for Wilson Bank . Addison Lattimore , Carolyn Natte and Jadan Warmath singled . Molly Followill turned a double play .
Lester Digital 11 , Journey 's 10
Alyssa Wood homered , tripled and singled for Lester while Avery Taylor doubled three times . Olivia Lester doubled twice and Marleigh Gray once as both singled . Emma Broomfield and Courtney Bruce each banged out two singles and Ava Felts , Amelia Friedhof and Lillian Fulton one apiece . Phillips and Wood turned a game-saving double play in the fourth inning .
Lindsay Denson singled twice and Ashtyn Corley once as both tripled for Journey 's . Nora Rogers and Reagan Schmitz each doubled twice and singled . Emma Kate Hunter had two singles and Aryanna McCarver one as they and Bella Stafford doubled . Makenzi Ellis singled .
6-UNDER
Gypsy Jo 's 7 , All Around Home Repair 0
Hope Judd homered , doubled and singled for Gypsy Jo 's while Hadley Hays had a triple , double and single . Halle Bond , Rachel Gaddes , Anniston Smith , McKenzie Jo Thompson and Alivia Weir each singled twice and Ailee Weitzel once .
Kaylee Anne Tomlinosn and Delaney Vaughn doubled for All Around while Ansleigh Gray and Sarah Jane Porter singled .
Spiral Systems 6 , Ligon & Bobo 3
Adollyne Lalka-Hill tripled and doubled for Spiral while Courtney Haley singled as they and Cadence Malave doubled . Raelynn Ashley , Alaysia Bennett , Alivia Lattimore , Sadie Mosley and Madelyn Patton each singled twice and Makenna Lee once .
Adalynn Morris homered for Ligon & Bobo while Nataliyah Dowell , Paisleigh Guy and Ensley Wood tripled . Coraline Ash and Kinsley Schwend doubled while Makenna Guy and Maile Morris singled .
PEE WEE
CedarStone Bank vs . Smile Gallery
Hadleigh Gant , Karleigh Hollils and Stella Scott doubled for CedarStone while Isabelle Goad-Hodge , Morgan McCauley , Raelynn Parlsey , Leiah Rush , Aubray Smith , Ellison Smith , Anna Tyree and Ellie Webb each singled twice .
Kinley Ash , Isabella Callahan , Bonnie Cobb-Cook , Bree Hickman , Kennedy McGovern , Kenslie Nieves , Adelynn Owen , Allie Pominville and Makayla Williamson each singled twice and Adi Reece Davis and Aleeyah Rummell once apiece for Smile .
A round-up of people who have appeared before Wigan and Leigh magistrates .
Mark Anthony Prior ( 42 ) : Priory Road , Bryn – Drove at a speed exceeding 50mph on the M6 motorway in contravention of a temporary maximum speed restriction : Fined £40 , pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £30 , pay costs of £100 , driving record endorsed with three points .
Callum Myddelton ( 24 ) : Wigan Lower Road , Standish Lower Ground - Drug driving on Montrose Avenue with cocaine and cannabis in the blood , drove without insurance and without a licence : Fined £240 , pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £30 , pay costs of £85 to the Crown Prosecution Service , disqualified from driving for 24 months .
Philip Mark Hickey ( 29 ) : Chorley Road , Standish - Assaulted Julie Horrocks by beating , damaged a packet of cigarettes and glasses belonging to Julie Horrocks : Jailed for 12 weeks , suspended for 24 months , restraining order not to contact Julie Horrocks or enter Dean Crescent , Kitt Green : Pay £100 compensation , pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £115 , pay costs of £300 to the Crown Prosecution Service , pay £36 compensation .
Clifford Anthony Faulkner ( 33 ) : No fixed address - At Wigan , damaged a motor vehicle rear window to the value of £500 belonging to Donna Borland : Discharged conditionally for two years , pay compensation of £200 .
Catherine Rogers ( 32 ) : Thirlmere Avenue , Ince - Used a motor vehicle when there was not in force in relation to that use such a policy of insurance and dishonestly received stolen goods , namely a Kia Rio , to the value of £5,000 : Fined £200 , pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £30 , pay costs of £85 to the Crown Prosecution Service .
Peter Hill ( 36 ) : Ash Close , Appley Bridge - Behaved in a manner whereby a breach of the peace had been committed : Bound over in the sum of £100 for six months to keep the peace .
David Kenneth Collier ( 34 ) : Brookhouse , Scholes - Without lawful excuse , had with them in a public place , namely Gidlow Lane , an offensive weapon , a samurai sword : Guilty plea , committed to Bolton Crown Court for sentence on June 21 .
Michael James Bosy ( 19 ) : Greenfields Crescent , Ashton - Drink driving on Pottery Road with 75 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath with the legal limit being 35 microgrammes : Fined £270 , pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £30 , pay costs of £85 to the Crown Prosecution Service , disqualified from driving for 18 months .
Ryan John Charlton ( 32 ) : Albert Street , Newtown - Possession of methadone : Discharged conditionally for 18 months , pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £20 , pay costs of £85 to the Crown Prosecution Service .
Garry Steven John Lally ( 26 ) : Wigan Road , Aspull - Assaulted Dominic Coote , causing actual bodily harm , damaged a front door window to the value of £40 belonging to Dominic Coote : Guilty pleas , committed to Bolton Crown Court for sentencing on June 28 .
Owolabe Muritala Oderinde ( 23 ) : Derwent Road , Hindley - Drove on Marsh Row while disqualified and without insurance : 12-month community order with unpaid work requirement , pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85 pay a surcharge to fund victim services , pay costs of £85 to the Crown Prosecution Service , disqualified from driving for 12 months .
Stacey Jayne O'Brien ( 26 ) : Inglewhite , Skelmersdale – Possession of cannabis , possession of cocaine and having responsibility for a child under 16 , wilfully assaulted , ill treated , neglected , abandoned or exposed the said child in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering or injury to health : Jailed for 18 weeks , suspended for 12 months with a drug rehabilitation requirement , pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £115 , pay costs of £35 to the Crown Prosecution Service .
PIQUA — Edison State Community College has recognized 458 students for excellence in academics on the Spring 2018 semester dean 's list . To be eligible for the dean 's list , a student must have at least a 3.5 grade point average and carry a minimum of 12 hours for the semester .
Students from Miami County include :
Bradford : Danielle Alexander , Dylan Burgan , Emily Clack , Ryan Elliott , Chelsea Ford , Tara Goubeaux , Jackson Moore , Hannah Myers , Lincoln Rapp , Deborah Rice , Kayla Seman
Casstown : Andrew Austerman , Jennifer Buchert
Conover : Kelsey Kirchner
Covington : Danielle Adams , Ian Benedict , Patricia Casey , Alexander Courts , Charity Courts , Jessie Crowell , Sienna Edwards , Shianne Fortner , Ryan Gengler , Eli Gerling , Gray Harshbarger , Lisa Holfinger , Rayna Horner , Sarah Hubbard , Breanna Kimmel , Courtney Lucente , Benjamin McFadden , Jett Murphy , Abigail Niefer , Samuel Pritchard , Matthew Siefring , Andrew Slusher , Angela Weaver , Samantha Whiteman , Jennifer Whitenack
Fletcher : Samantha Everett , Catherine Harleman
Laura : Karen Sowers
Piqua : Benjamin Adams , Dustin Baker , Mitchell Bolin , Gustavo Bonilla , Anthony Bowen , Megan Crusey , Steffanie Davey , Alycia Davidson , Lisa Davidson , Kaylynn Dill , Mouhamadou Faye , Carmynn Frysinger , Rebecca Gambill , Casey Garpiel , Ashley Gregory , Brooke Harpest , Austin Hartrunft , Brennan Hicks , Jason Hill , Dana Hursey , Grace Jennings , Devin Johnson , Jennifer Kanniard , Meredith Karn , Ashley Keller , Clarissa Kiehl , Nathin Libbee , Craig Lichtenberg , Jonathan Masterson , Marissa McGillivray , Jacob Oglesbee , Jessica Paylor , Ashley Peterson , Cecilia Peyton , Kelly Pryfogle , Erik Quinter , Christ Ramos , Alexis Seiter , Joshua Sheets , Brandy Shepard , Tristin Stangel , Kaylee Trump , Jacob Voisinet , Lindsey Ward , Dylan Watson , Lauren Williams , Ashley Young
Pleasant Hill : Kassidi Alexander , Lorrie Beacom , Gabriella Clingman , Sabrina Liette , Corrin Luedeke , Kaitlyn Marker
Saint Paris : Kristin Eklund , Endre Endresen , Katelyn Jackson , Kyle Jackson , Rebekah Shearer , Harlee Thomas
Tipp City : Mindy Bach , Joshua Evers , Annie Livesay , Raegan McElhose , Jessica Miller , Janice Moore , Kirah Noble , Natalie Seeman , Calissa Stewart , Alexandra Wendling
Troy : Caitlin Ball , Megan Byram , Thomas Casey , Sean Cheatwood , Emma Deweese , Julia Dickman , Andrienne Durbin , Samantha Francis , Taylor Ganger , Joshua Heil , Susan Ivan , Isatou Kassama , Ashley Lamb , Kristie Lawrence , Kaitlyn Mack , Kendra Magnuson , Grace McCalister , Audrey McWhorter , Timothy Michaliszyn , Samuel Nation , Olivia Newman , Joshua Niemi , Katherine Pence , Bradford Pierce , Tyler Ritchey , Shelby Rodgers , Donna Rue , Megan Rutledge , Erica Sharits , A'leigha Smith , Jessika Snyder , Natalie Snyder , Heather Spurgeon , Haley Stine , Cheryl Terry , Sandra Tipps , Spencer Tuck , Rebecca Tucker , Abigail Vogelmeier , Savannah Wade , Anna Walker , Rachel Winters
West Milton : Annalise Bennett , Robert Donley , Kiley Jacobe , Taylor Kolker , Tess Woodcock
Bollywood star Sonali Bendre has revealed they have recently been diagnosed with high grade cancer .
An ‘ optimistic ' Sonali took to Instagram to release a statement where they said they are “ determined to fight every step of the way . ”
“ Sometimes , when you least expect it , life throws you a curveball . I have recently been diagnosed with a high grade cancer that has metastasised , which we frankly did not see coming . A niggling pain led to some tests , which led to this unexpected diagnosis , ” wrote the 43-year-old .
They further thanked their family and friends for being their support system and said they are undergoing treatment in New York .
“ My family and close friends have rallied around me , providing the best support system that anyone can ask for . I am very blessed and thankful for each of them . There is no better way to tackle this , than to take swift and immediate action . And so , as advised by my doctors , I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York ”
“ We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way . What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I 've received over the past few days , for which I am very grateful . ”
“ I 'm taking this battle head on , knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me , ” concluded the ‘ Kal Ho Naa Ho ' star .
My experience in working with clients and collaborating with colleagues on various strategic meetings management deliverables has taught me to always keep top of mind what is really best for your business . Not what is easiest to develop , or what you presume is the best program design , or what worked really well at your last company . No , you really need to ensure that each decision is truly the best based on organizational goals and objectives .
So how do you know what is the best ? Here are four tips that will help you to figure that out :
• Compare the objectives of your SMMP with the overarching goals of your business . If they align , you are likely doing what 's best , if there are discrepancies , you need to reassess .
• Evaluate the SMM processes that have been designed . Do they integrate easily with existing procedures in order to maximize compliance ? If yes , terrific ! But if someone was merely checking the boxes to get the project off of their or their desk , it 's likely some modifications will be needed to be best for your business .
• Review current customer satisfaction ( C-Sat ) scores for your SMM program . Are they at or above target levels ? If not , why not ? Have processes developed that are hard to use rather than making someone 's job easier ?
• Review current satisfaction scores for the meeting objectives . Are the meetings helping people achieve their business goals ? If not , examine how you can improve in order to deliver on corporate objectives .
Do n't make it personal . This is not about your personal preferences ; it is about what will best achieve the objectives of your program , which need to be aligned with overall corporate goals . Every decision relating to the SMMP should be considered through this lens and will help you determine what is `` best for your business . '' And if you think about it , this advice is not exclusive to strategic meetings management ; it should be followed whenever business decisions are made .
Ranbir Kapoor-Vaani Kapoor-starrer Shamshera will hit the screens on July 31 , 2020 . The action entertainer will be directed by Karan Malhotra and produced by Yash Raj Films . Shamshera , also starring Sanjay Dutt as antagonist , is set to go on the floors by the end of this year , according to the production house .
The project marks Ranbir 's return to YRF after a gap of nine years . Their last project with the banner was `` Rocket Singh : Salesman of the Year '' . This will be Vaani 's third film with the production house , after their debut `` Shuddh Desi Romance '' ( 2013 ) and `` Befikre '' ( 2016 ) . The shooting of the film will wrap by mid 2019 .
Ranbir believes Shamshera is quite a departure for him . `` Shamshera is not a story of a 'daaku ' , but a filmbased in the 1800s , it is about a dacoit tribe who are fighting for their right and independence from the British . There was a great story of heroism , a story rooted in our country which actually happened back then , '' Ranbir told PTI .
`` It is a departure from the kind of films I have done , it is not the coming-of-age lover boy roles which I have done often . 'Shamshera ' is in the aspirational space , the space of true , badass commercial cinema . ''
Ranbir also said that the film will have an element of romance as well because Hindi movies are incomplete with a love story , says the actor . `` A true blue Hindi film has everything- comedy , action , romance drama . And all these films I am doing are all in that direction , we are trying to have all these factors in it . ''
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
TALLAHASSEE ( CBSMiami/AP ) — Florida 's business-recruitment agency -Enterprise Florida – is doing away with a controversial bonus program but giving some raises .
The Enterprise Florida Executive Committee voted unanimously during a conference call Friday to approve a recommendation — supported by Gov . Rick Scott — to replace the bonus program .
The pay increases are seen by committee members as a way to maintain Enterprise Florida without causing an exodus of employees . The public-private agency has faced heavy scrutiny during the past year , with House leaders even seeking to eliminate it .
“ No one is excited about taking away the bonuses , but it does make sense given the fact that the Legislature has expressed an interest in this , ” committee member Holly Borgmann said .
The raises — retroactive to July 1 — range from $ 3,000 to $ 25,000 and will increase payroll by $ 118,000 for the year , under the plan outlined for the committee .
In August , several members of the executive committee expressed concern that withholding performance pay , when employees have done an “ admirable job ” in difficult times , could result in an exodus of experience .
“ Certainly , none of us foresaw this path coming in the previous weeks and months , ” committee Chairman Stan Connally , who is also president and CEO of Pensacola-based Gulf Power , said during the conference call Friday . “ We want to be sure we 're fairly compensating this team . ”
In a memo Thursday to the committee , Enterprise Florida President and CEO Pete Antonacci explained that while the bonus program has worked , it has also been a source of criticism .
“ The bonus practice , typically across the board , has had the effect of smoothing over rough spots ( under payment ) while at once creating unwarranted expectation ( over payment ) , ” Antonacci said in the memo . “ Under circumstances and for reasons known well to all , staff bonuses are an object of public derision and will not ever be well accepted . ”
“ Practically speaking , ” Antonacci continued , “ most Floridians having opinion about EFI at all , believe our employees are public servants in the broadest sense . ”
Last October , Enterprise Florida handed out $ 448,662 in bonuses to 57 employees .
In 2015 , with up to $ 765,000 in bonuses being offered , then-President Bill Johnson received $ 50,000 , half of what they could have received , despite being on the job for just six months .
A year earlier , the Enterprise Florida board approved a $ 120,000 bonus to then-President Gray Swoope , surpassing a $ 100,000 cap , while also approving $ 765,000 in bonuses .
The bonus program , which officials promoted as coming from money pooled by private contributions rather than tax dollars , was tied to a series of recruitment and hiring objectives for each year .
The possibility of scuttling bonuses came after the House this year sought to eliminate Enterprise Florida and the tourism-marketing agency Visit Florida . The House 's efforts were ultimately blocked by the Senate and Scott .
The Legislature settled on cutting state money for Enterprise Florida 's daily operations from $ 23.5 million in 2016-2017 to $ 16 million for the budget year that began July 1 .
Along with the revised funding , lawmakers also imposed new rules such as increasing financial-disclosure requirements and prohibiting the use of tax dollars for performance bonuses or severance pay unless authorized by law .
Also , any employee pay exceeding the governor 's authorized salary of $ 130,000 a year must be funded out of private contributions .
Antonacci said Friday the agency has sufficient resources to cover the raises .
Under the plan outlined for the committee Friday , the largest raise , $ 25,000 , will go to Senior Vice President of Business Development Tim Vanderhoof .
Vanderhoof , who would see their annual salary grow to $ 155,000 , will also take over marketing for the agency .
The second-largest raise , $ 13,000 , will go to Heather Shubrig , who serves under Vanderhoof as vice president of business development . They currently are paid $ 80,000 a year .
Manny Mencia , the senior vice president of international trade and development , will get a $ 4,000 raise . Mencia , who oversees the agency 's trade missions , currently is paid $ 160,000 a year .
Comptroller Robert Schlotman will see a $ 10,000 increase in pay , to $ 130,000 a year , with a promotion to senior vice president .
Antonacci and Executive Vice President Mike Grissom — who served as interim president before Antonacci joined the agency in August — were not among those up for raises .
In August , Scott sent a letter to members of the boards of directors at Enterprise Florida and Visit Florida outlining their opposition to employee bonuses .
“ Employees are the key to success in any organization , ” Scott , who serves as chairperson of Enterprise Florida board , said in the letter . “ But , after a long legislative session where the spending at these organizations was greatly debated , I do not believe that employee compensation should include bonuses at this time . ”
Instead , Scott advised the agencies to review employee pay “ to ensure that everyone is being compensated fairly relying on salaries rather than bonuses . ”
Visit Florida , which gave out $ 440,915 in bonuses to 119 employees in May , has announced it has ended the performance reward program .
( The News Service of Florida 's Jim Turner contributed to this report . )
3:55 Barack and Michelle Obama 's final Christmas address from the White House Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:33 How to grill ribs : Tips from The Rib Line 's kitchen
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:43 Take a look inside the historic Atascadero Printery building
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The average household income for food bank users is below £320 per month
Wales has `` unique problems '' related to poverty and is `` vulnerable '' to a growing reliance on food banks , a charity 's director has warned .
The Trussell Trust 's Tony Graham wants the Welsh Government to help form plans to stop people `` falling into crisis '' .
Between April 2016 and March 2017 , it gave 60,387 emergency food parcels to adults and 34,803 to children .
The Welsh Government spokesperson said it was working to `` help people out of poverty '' .
Emergency food parcels given out by the Trussell Trust rose from 79,049 in 2013-14 to 85,875 in 2014-15 .
It then dropped to 85,656 in 2015-16 but rose by 11 % to 95,190 in 2016-17 .
Mr Graham , director of devolved nations , described Wales as being `` streets ahead '' of other UK governments in tackling food poverty with schemes such as free school dinners .
But they said : `` Wales started from a much lower baseline in terms of wage levels and income than south east England when welfare reform was introduced in 2012 .
`` So when benefits caps and universal credit came to Wales , they hit it much harder . ''
In the past nine years , the Trussell Trust has opened 36 food banks in Wales .
But Mr Graham said care agencies and housing associations were increasingly highlighting `` holes in towns '' where more help is needed .
`` The myth is that skivers and scroungers use food banks but many hardworking people are in crisis , '' said Mr Graham .
`` When you 're working full time and still ca n't afford to feed your family - it 's a powerful example , not just of the benefits system , but the amount we consider acceptable for a day 's work . ''
Stagnant wages , an increased cost of living and people not saving as much were among the reasons for the spike , said Mr Graham .
`` The whole UK is potentially vulnerable but Wales has some unique problems - job creation , Brexit , no-one really knows what the impact will be . ''
Mr Graham praised a £500,000 Welsh Government scheme , launched on Tuesday , to provide school holiday meals in some of the most deprived areas .
But they want organisations and community groups to help develop this programme to create a `` long-term coordinated solution to stop families falling into crisis '' .
Image copyright Eastside Food Bank Image caption Volunteers sort through supplies donated to Eastside food bank after an appeal when it ran out
Issues affecting food banks were highlighted in July , when an independent facility , Eastside Food Bank in Swansea , ran out of supplies .
School holidays were blamed , with no free food for youngsters during this period .
People answered the call to restock the shelves and Rev Chris Lewis , who runs the food bank , said they were looking to open it twice a week because of demand .
`` It is not just the homeless and people on benefits using it . Last week , a woman who is working came in after a utility company took the bill early which wiped their account , '' they said .
A Welsh Government spokesperson said : `` We are working hard to increase prosperity for people in Wales and help people out of poverty .
`` Job creation , closing the education attainment gap and improving skill levels are top priorities and represent the most effective levers at our disposal to tackle poverty in Wales . ''
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Trussell Trust takes gives emergency packages to people who have been referred by social services
Bangor University 's social policy expert Dr Hefin Gwilym conducted research in 2015 with PhD student David Beck , listing 157 food banks in Wales .
They said the number had `` reached a plateau '' but added : `` Need is going up , demand is going up . There are debates around whether this is the responsibility of the voluntary sector .
`` You could argue that they are doing something the state should be doing . ''
Their evidence suggests they are more likely to appear in areas with church and community groups , a strong volunteering ethos and sometimes more affluent areas , meaning they are sometimes not widely accessible where the need is greatest .
By Jocelyn Illing , February 14 2017 —
Although technology may be efficient , there is one important thing the Internet and cinema can not give us — human interaction . Theatre provides us with entertainment , as well as a human connection we can not get from movies or television .
University of Calgary students will have the opportunity to witness such an event in the form of Mother Courage and Them Children .
The U of C School of Creative and Performing Arts will present Bertolt Brecht 's play Mother Courage and Them Children at the University Theatre from Feb. 17–19 and Feb. 21–25 .
Mother Courage is an ensemble piece that takes place in Germany during the Thirty Years ' War . It centres around the title character and their children as they struggle to survive .
U of C associate drama professor Valerie Campbell will play the role of Mother Courage . They say this “ iconic play ” is relevant to today 's society .
“ Mother Courage [ is ] determined but flawed in the way they go about conducting their life . [ The play ] has a lot of political resonance that wo n't be lost on audiences , ” they say .
Campbell has taught acting and movement at the U of C since 1998 . They say the chance to play this role is “ the opportunity of a lifetime . ”
“ It is the plum role , ” they say . “ It 's like Hamlet for younger men . Even though it 's a huge undertaking , I felt like I had to do it . ”
Although their role is important , Campbell stresses that the piece is an ensemble . They say many students from various backgrounds have worked relentlessly over the last few weeks to prepare for the show .
Campbell says they have been able to influence the students while simultaneously learning from them as a way to “ stay current ” and continue their lifelong study of theatre .
But director Adrian Young says the road to opening night has n't been easy .
“ The process of getting the show together [ has been ] a perpetual nightmare , ” Young says . “ [ While saying that ] , I think that the reason why we always remember nightmares most clearly is because they kind of get the adrenaline up the most . It is that kind of feeling that [ helps you ] stay on top of everything . ”
Young says working with students was unique .
“ With students , especially with student actors , you have this interesting nature of not being able to know what they know in terms of what they have learned , ” they say . “ It becomes an interesting bond between directing and sometimes teaching , which , in a way , have similar goals . You do n't want to tell them what to do , you want to give them the tools and the structure to thrive . ”
Young — a graduate student at the U of C — became infatuated with drama at a young age . They grew up in England and has participated in after-school drama clubs since they were four years old .
“ I was just always in [ the arts ] and English theatre is more a part of the direct culture , ” they say . “ I do n't even remember a time where I was n't involved in theatre , actually . That 's how it happened and then I did my undergrad in Ontario after I moved to Canada . Having the opportunity to come here and do theatre as a full-time student was just really nice . ”
With this production , Young hopes to shorten the distance between individuals and the reality of war .
“ I think that a lot of Canadians have this sense that Canada is out of [ the ] idea of war and making money off of war , ” they say . “ I think now with what has happened in the United States , more and more people are starting to figure out that you have to get involved , you have to do something , because otherwise , these things will happen and we just have to stand there and be a hypocrite . ”
The performances will run Feb. 17–19 and Feb. 21–25 at the University Theatre and there will be a themed pre-show reception on opening night . Tickets are free with your student ID .
For more information , visit scpa.ucalgary.ca
Comments
You 're almost there.We 've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration .
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time .
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page .
In a landmark verdict on the power tussle between the Delhi government and the Centre , a five-judge bench of the Supreme Court on Wednesday unanimously held that Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal does not have independent decision-making powers , and is bound to act on the aid and advice of the Council of Ministers .
The judgement pronounced in the court by Chief Justice Dipak Misra , who was heading the Constitution bench , also held that the LG can not act as an “ obstructionist ” .
In three separate but concurring judgements , the bench , also comprising Justices A K Sikri , A M Khanwilkar , D Y Chandrachud and Ashok Bhushan , said there is no independent authority vested with the LG to take independent decisions .
It said all decisions of the Council of Ministers , who are elected representatives of the people of Delhi , must be communicated to the LG but that does not mean their concurrence is required .
“ There is no room for absolutism and there is no room for anarchism also , ” the court ruled .
The decision is a major victory for Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal 's AAP government , which has been in a constant tug of war with the LG over the power wielded by the two branches of the executive .
The Supreme Court said that except for three issues , including land and law and order , Delhi government has the power to legislate and govern on other issues .
It was ruling on a batch of appeals filed by Kejriwal 's government challenging the Delhi High Court 's order holding the LG as the administrative head of the national capital .
Virtually disagreeing with the High Court order , the Supreme Court said the LG should not act in a mechanical manner and stall the decisions of the Council of Ministers .
It said the LG has not been entrusted with independent powers and they can refer issues on difference of opinion to the President only in exceptional matters and not as a general rule .
The LG needs to work harmoniously with the Council of Ministers and an attempt should be made to settle the difference of opinion with discussions , the apex court said .
In their separate verdict , concurring with the rest of the judges , Justice Chandrachud said the real power vests with Council of Ministers and the LG must bear in mind that it is not they but the Council of Ministers that will take the decisions .
The judge also said the LG must realise that the Council of Ministers is answerable to the people .
“ There is no independent authority vested with LG to take independent decisions , ” they said .
Justice Bhushan , who also penned a separate but concurring verdict , said all routine matters do not require consonance of the LG .
These are the shocking injuries suffered by a woman who had to relearn to walk and talk after they were knocked over by a horse .
Jennifer Thornton , 43 , was n't wearing a helmet when they were knocked to the ground by a rowdy horse in the stables while looking after their own pony Blue .
Doctors who were forced to put Jennifer into an induced coma and warned partner Paul Avis they were unlikely to survive .
But brave Jennifer miraculously pulled through – but only after doctors REMOVED a chunk of their brain leaving them with an ten-inch scar .
The brain injury robbed them of their speech and movement , and it took them a year to learn to stand on their own – and a month to say them name .
Bizarrely the extreme knock to the head also changed their personality too and the former heavy-metal fan now feels PAIN when they hear loud sounds .
Almost two years on from the accident they are campaigning to get horse owners to wear helmets – even when they are n't riding their ponies .
They said : “ I have always felt safe around horses and never in a million years imagined that I would end up with such catastrophic and life changing injuries doing something I love so much .
“ I had to learn to talk , swallow , eat and walk again and build my strength .
“ But I deem myself extremely lucky to be alive and to not have lost long term memories .
“ I had to learn how to walk and talk again – even basic things like eating and going to the toilet seemed impossible .
“ I was not wearing a hard hat , but if I had been wearing one the outcome would have been very different . ”
Jennifer , from Plymouth , Devon , had rescued Blue a month prior to the accident in October 2015 .
They were helping dentists in the Plymouth yard by putting an unruly horse into the barn when the animal knocked to the floor and they hit their head on a curb .
Although the other people in the yard did not see the incident , they were alerted by the sound of their head cracking off the concrete floor .
They were put on a back board by paramedics who rushed to the scene and worried medics at Derriford Hospital put them in an induced coma .
Jennifer 's family and partner , dog-walker Paul Avis , rushed to the hospital and were warned they would be severely disabled if they even survived .
They had a massive bleed on their brain .
“ The section of bruised and bleeding brain was removed and my head was sewn back together , minus the skull flap , ”
They had a dent in their head for six months and was left with a huge scar from their forehead to their ear in a horse shoe shape .
They spent two months in hospital and initially could n't even lift their arms or say them name .
It took them a month to learn to walk with people holding them for assistance and a year to get up and stand on their own .
Jennifer admits they turned into “ Jekyl and Hyde ” – happy to be alive but frustrated that they had been stripped of them independence .
“ Paul was brilliant but I would fling into a fit of rage when they did something a different way to how I would have , ” they said .
“ I became a complete cow .
“ I would burst into fits of rage . I was n't aware of how angry I had become . It felt like everything was against me .
“ Neither of us knew whether the side effects were permanent . ”
The Conservation Biology graduate now suffers from hyperacusis , which means sounds cause Jennifer excruciating pain as well as giving them anxiety .
They can no longer cope with every day sounds like buses , lorries or even their dog barking .
Whilst they were still in hospital , the equine lover decided to set up a Facebook page called Hard Hats & Horses .
Jennifer had been around horses for more than 30 years at the time of their accident and warns other equestrians not to become complacent .
“ When I am fully recovered I will be wearing my hard hat whenever I am dealing with any equines , ” they said .
“ I have always felt safe around them and never in a million years imagined that I would end up with such catastrophic and life changing injuries doing something I love so much .
“ Please be safe and look after your heads , you only have one brain and when it 's broken it 's broken . ”
Category : News
Five years to the day that journalist Austin Tice went missing covering the civil war in Syria , McClatchy Co. raised a banner Monday outside its corporate headquarters at The Sacramento Bee to honor the kidnapped newsman and draw attention to theirs plight .
The banner , with a photo of Tice superimposed over the American flag , reads , “ American Journalist Austin Tice ” and notes that they have been “ captive in Syria since August 2012 . ”
“ Now is the time to bring them safely home , ” the banner states , carrying the hashtag , # FreeAustinTice . ”
“ We , across McClatchy , are thinking about Austin today and every day , ” said McClatchy President and CEO Craig Forman , who marked the anniversary in The Bee 's courtyard before an audience of employees and Sacramento-area television reporters .
Forman called Tice 's disappearance “ an unjust and senseless detention in Syria ” and called on federal leaders and their captors to work on their release .
“ There was no reason for their detention and there 's none now , ” Forman said .
Tice , who turned 36 on Friday , is believed to have gotten into a car to head toward Lebanon when they went missing .
They have not been seen since , except for the release of a 43-second video five weeks after their disappearance that was titled “ Austin Tice is alive ” and showed them being held by a group of armed men .
Tice , a native Texan and former captain in the U.S. Marine Corps , went to Syria as an independent journalist in May 2012 , before their final year of studies at Georgetown Law School .
They were covering events in Syria for McClatchy , The Washington Post and other news organizations .
Forman noted that their parents Marc and Debra Tice have maintained efforts to win their release . Their family has created a website at austinticefamily.com to advocate for their release and draw attention to their case .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Liberty Island has been evacuated because of a climber at the Statue of Liberty .
A person climbed the statue 's base on the Fourth of July shortly after several people were arrested after hanging a banner from the statue 's pedestal calling for abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
News helicopter video showed the climber sitting Wednesday by the bottom of the statue 's robes , about 100 feet ( 30 meters ) aboveground . Police nearby tried to persuade the climber to descend .
Earlier , National Park Service spokesperson Jerry Willis said at least six people were taken into custody for the banner , which read “ Abolish I.C.E. , ” referring to part of the Department of Homeland Security .
Willis says federal regulations prohibit hanging banners from the monument .
Banner organizing group Rise and Resist says the climber is n't connected to its demonstration .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The quick , successful transition from college golf to the PGA Tour for several former All-Americans—Jordan Spieth , Justin Thomas , Jon Rahm and Aaron Wise to name a few—has created an all-to-enticing example for collegians weighing when it might be right to turn professional . For a pair of high-profile underclassmen , the time is now .
Clemson 's Doc Redman and Oregon 's Norman Xiong , members of last year 's victorious U.S. Walker Cup team , both announced this week that they 'll be forgoing their remaining college eligibility .
Redman , the reigning U.S . Amateur champion who just finished their sophomore year with the Tigers and set the school 's career scoring mark with a 70.70 average , will make their first pro start this week at the Memorial , where he 's playing on a sponsor 's exemption . Redman , 20 , had played in three PGA Tour events already in 2018 . They finished 71st at the Arnold Palmer Invitational and T-50 at the RBC Heritage , while missing the cut at the Masters .
“ I thought I could hang with those guys day in and day out , and I was n't too far off , '' Redman recently said . `` I just need to get a little bit better here and there , be more consistent . ''
Redman 's decision to turn pro at this time means he 'll forgo exemptions into the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills and Open Championship at Carnoustie that they earn by winning the U.S . Amateur title last August at Riviera Country Club .
Xiong , 19 , also just completed their sophomore year with the Ducks and is among the favorites for this year 's national college player of the year honors . The American teenager ( born to Chinese parents in Guam and raised in San Diego ) won six tournaments this season , and finished with a 68.7 stroke average . In their last college start , they finished T-11 at the NCAA Championship on Monday .
Pinterest Jamie Schwaberow Xiong is excited to get a jump on their pro career .
Xiong 's amateur resume also include a victory at the 2017 Western Amateur . At 6-foot-1 and 185 pounds , the athletically built Xiong has displayed a blend of power and touch that has many people believing he 's a can't-miss PGA Tour prospect .
“ At 19 years old , I think Tiger [ Woods ] is the only guy I would defer to as being better than Norman , ” their coach at Oregon , Casey Martin , a college teammate of Tiger 's at Stanford , recently told GolfChannel.com . “ I have n't seen much better than them at that age . He 's really that good . ”
Xiong will compete in U.S. Open Sectional Qualifying as a pro , but their official debut tournament is still to be determined . They plan to move to Las Vegas , where another U.S. Walker Cup teammate , Maverick McNealy , and former Oregon NCAA champion Aaron Wise are based .
“ It 's definitely bittersweet , ” Xiong told the San Diego Union-Tribune . “ I know I 'm going to be really sad about leaving my friends . The guys at Oregon are basically my best friends now , and Casey has taught me so much . But I know I 'm ready , maturity-wise . I know I 'm ready for the next stage of my career . ”
WATCH : GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Cloud-Core NAS ( C2N ) Wins Bronze in Disk and Hybrid Storage Systems Category for its Ability to Create Cloud-Enabled Infrastructure
PITTSBURGH , PA -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) - Avere Systems , a leading provider of hybrid cloud enablement solutions , announced today that it was named a winner of Storage Magazine/SearchStorage.com 2016 Product of the Year awards , earning the bronze designation in the disk and hybrid storage systems category for its Cloud-Core NAS ( C2N ) system . The annual competition recognizes the year 's best data storage products that have been introduced or undergone a significant upgrade within the past year .
Winners of the 15th annual Storage Magazine/SearchStorage.com Product of the Year awards were evaluated by a panel comprised of users , analysts , consultants and editors . Judges noted that Avere 's C2N system is an `` interesting move to finally produce an on-prem product to complement the caching FXT . '' Additionally , they praised C2N as `` highly innovative '' and `` a major release , '' calling it `` a high performance scale-out NAS , cloud integrated storage , global file system , high performance AFA or hybrid , and more . ''
Announced in 2016 , Avere C2N is the only storage solution to combine the simplicity of NAS and the efficiency of object storage to deliver cloud-enabled infrastructure to the enterprise . Transforming traditional storage environments into cloud infrastructure that scales from 120 terabytes to more than five petabytes , Avere C2N provides an easy and economical path to the cloud .
`` Avere is honored to be named as one of the Products of the Year by Storage Magazine and SearchStorage.com , '' said Rebecca Thompson , VP Marketing at Avere Systems . `` As organizations are increasingly looking to adopt the cloud , C2N helps transform existing environments into cloud-aware infrastructure , offering enterprises a stepping stone to object storage . ''
Avere is pleased to add the Storage Magazine/SearchStorage.com Product of the Year awards to its growing number of industry honors . Avere 's FXT Edge filers won silver for the category of Enterprise Product of the Year in the 2016 Best in Biz Awards and was named Pittsburgh Post-Gazette 's Top workplaces for the third consecutive year in 2016 . Additionally , Avere was named a finalist in the 2017 TechTarget Impact Awards , Pittsburgh Technology Council Tech 50 Awards and Computing Vendor Excellence Awards in 2016 .
About TechTarget 's Storage Media Group
TechTarget 's SearchStorage.com is the No . 1 online destination for IT professionals charged with purchasing , implementing and managing storage systems at the core of large- and medium-sized businesses . More than 600,000 storage-focused IT executives , managers and staff rely on SearchStorage.com for the information they need to do their jobs . SearchStorage.com content includes original editorial features , news , expert storage advice , Webcasts and white papers . TechTarget 's Storage magazine is the only monthly resource that provides information technology ( IT ) executives , managers and staff with in-depth analysis and forward-looking guidance on managing , storing , networking and safeguarding the data at the core of large organizations . More information can be found at www.SearchStorage.com .
About Avere Systems
Avere is radically changing the economics of data storage . Avere 's hybrid cloud solutions give companies -- for the first time -- the ability to end the rising cost and complexity of data storage and compute via the freedom to store and access files anywhere in the cloud or on premises , without sacrificing the performance , availability , or security of enterprise data . Based in Pittsburgh , Avere is led by veterans and thought leaders in the data storage industry and is backed by investors Lightspeed Venture Partners , Menlo Ventures , Norwest Venture Partners , Tenaya Capital , and Western Digital Capital . For more information , visit www.averesystems.com .
All Progressives Congress ( APC ) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly . Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari 's veto on the Electoral Act amendme ...
SAN JOSE — A man walking across Santa Clara Street near downtown was hit by a car Tuesday night and later died at a hospital , the city 's 19th traffic fatality of the year , according to police .
The male pedestrian 's name will be released once their family is notified by the Santa Clara County Coroner 's Office .
At 8:46 p.m. , San Jose police received reports that a pedestrian had been hit by a car at Santa Clara and 11th streets , according to Sgt . Enrique Garcia . The preliminary investigation revealed the man was walking east on Santa Clara when they were hit by a man driving a 2004 BMW 330CI travelling north on 11th Street , a one-way street .
Police did not indicate whether the pedestrian or driver had the green light .
The pedestrian was rushed to a hospital , where they were pronounced dead a short time later . There have been eight pedestrian deaths so far in 2018 , according to police .
The driver remained at the scene and cooperated with the investigation , Garcia said . Police said it does not appear that drugs or alcohol were factors in the crash .
Anyone with information is urged to contact Detective LeeAnn Alfonzo of the San Jose Police Department 's Traffic Investigations Unit at 408-277-4654 .
Bollywood actor Ayesha Takia who has been a part of films like 'Wanted ' , 'Dor ' and others has been receiving threats from a litigant . Them mother-in-law and sister-in-law too are being harassed . Ayesha 's husband Farhan Azmi posted a series of tweets on their official Twitter page to seek help from the Mumbai police .
They also accused a senior official , DCP Dahiya of not responding to their calls and also blocking Ayesha 's account . They tweeted , `` My wife @ Ayeshatakia , mother & sisters are being harassed , threatened stalked by a litigant , @ MumbaiPolice # dcpDahiya refusing to answer my calls or messages . # DahiyaIPS has illegally frozen our bank accounts Dear PM @ narendramodi ji @ SushmaSwaraj Pls intervene ! ! # betibachao '' .
They further tweeted a screenshoot of their conversations with DCP Dahiya . In their tweet they alleged that the DCP was disconnecting the call-
Their next tweet read-
After the required action was taken , Farhan thanked the Mumbai Police and wrote , `` Thank you @ DevenBhartiIPS Ji # MumbaiPolice for stepping in . I trust the Mumbai Police . 3 rotten apples can not spoil # theappletree @ CPMumbaiPolice @ MumbaiPolice
For those who ai n't aware , Farhan was slammed with charges of cheating by their former business partner , Kashif Khan . Kashif lodged an FIR at Bandra police station . A source close to the family told timesnownews.com , that the accused got Ayesha 's number and has been threatening them that they and their husband will be in jail very soon . They also informed that Farhan 's mother and sister , who is seven months pregnant have also received similar threat calls and texts from the litigant .
Tia Mowry , she 's just like us .
The actor and mom-to-be-again was captured on video by hubby Cory Hardrict dancing around the house singing and cleaning .
Armed in full black mama gear–barefoot , housedress and headscarf–the ‘ Sister , Sister ' alum belted out their best rendition of Blackstreet 's ‘ Do n't Leave Me . '
Mowry even stopped to rub their growing baby bump :
Sunday feels ! My husband informed me they used to call this Dusties in the Chi when you would listen to music and clean ! I know I look a mess but who cares I 'm happy : ) 🤪 🎹🎤 📸- @ coryhardrict A post shared by tiamowry ( @ tiamowry ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 11:40am PST
Just a month ago , Mowry and their husband announced they were expecting again , after a long battle with fertility after the birth of their son , Cree .
Looks like Tia is enjoying their growing home !
RELATED LINKS
Baby Bumpin : Tia Mowry 's Adorable Maternity Moments
Tia Mowry & Cory Hardrict Expecting Baby Number Two
Charlize Theron On Incident With Tia Mowry : ‘ I 'm Not An Eye Roller , But I Would Be Like , ‘ F * ck Off ”
WASHINGTON — Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Tuesday that they do n't think the federal government can do much to respond to school shootings .
`` I do n't think at the federal level there 's much that we can do other than appropriate funds , '' McConnell said at an event with community leaders in the city of Danville during Congress 's Fourth of July week-long recess , according to the Lexington Herald-Leader .
The Kentucky Republican also said that improvements to school security might be the best solution — though , they added , Congress could do little on that front either .
`` You would think , given how much it takes to get on an American plane or given how much it takes to get into courthouses , that this might be something that we could achieve , but I do n't think we could do that from Washington , I think it 's basically a local decision , '' they said .
`` It 's a darn shame that 's where we are , but this epidemic is something that 's got all of our attention , '' they added . `` And I know it 's got the attention of every school superintendent in the country . ''
Their comments Tuesday came days after the mass shooting at the Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis , Md. , where five people were killed last week .
The GOP-controlled Congress has opposed Democratic calls to pass tighter gun laws such as universal background checks . The last major government spending package Trump signed into law in March , in the wake of the school shooting in Parkland , Fla. , included a provision that aimed to improve state compliance with the national background check system for gun purchases .
The bill also provided more than $ 2 billion for school safety , far more than the $ 50 million the House passed in the STOP School Violence Act , and more than the $ 100 million in the Senate version of a similar bill . Democrats had argued that the $ 2 billion figure is Republican spin because that total includes money for programs that already exist . The measure did not provide money for arming teachers .
President Donald Trump said Saturday that the memo released by the House Intelligence Committee the day before has vindicated them and proved that the special counsel 's Russia investigation is an “ American disgrace . ”
In a tweet posted Saturday morning , Trump continued their attacks against their own FBI and Justice Department for its investigation into potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign during the 2016 election .
- Advertisement -
“ This memo totally vindicates ‘ Trump ' in probe , ” the president tweeted . “ But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . ”
This memo totally vindicates “ Trump ” in probe . But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 3 , 2018
Trump 's tweet appeared to support contentions made by Democrats like Rep. Adam Schiff of California that the memo 's release was merely a partisan attempt to undermine the Russia investigation .
On Saturday , Schiff responded to Trump 's tweet by claiming that — far from vindicating the president — the memo in fact proved “ quite the opposite . ”
“ The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your adviser , Papadopoulous , who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians , ” tweeted Schiff , who is the ranking member on the committee .
Quite the opposite , Mr. President . The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your advisor , Papadopoulos , who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians . https : //t.co/2rGOE1jGg2 — Adam Schiff ( @ RepAdamSchiff ) February 3 , 2018
On Friday , after more than a week of speculation and partisan infighting , the White House declassified a memo written by House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , and staffers .
Related : The House memo does n't prove the Mueller probe is a fraud
FBI and Department of Justice ( DOJ ) officials fought hard against the memo 's release , even issuing a rare statement claimingthat they had “ grave concerns ” about inaccuracies and misleading conclusions in the document .
In an interview with Fox News on Friday , Nunes said although they helped write the controversial memo , they had not read the FISA application under question .
Instead , as part of an agreement with DOJ officials , Nunes said one Democrat and one Republican were allowed to read the documents . Rep. Trey Gowdy , R-S.C. , a former federal prosecutor , and Schiff were selected .
House Republicans have touted the memo as proof that the premise of the Russia investigation is flawed . The memo argues that the FBI misled the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court about the basis for its application to eavesdrop on Trump campaign aide Carter Page .
Related : No , the GOP 's public war with the FBI is not normal
The memo states that the decision to spy on Page was based on a dossier written by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele , who Republicans claim had an overt anti-Trump bias .
But after analyzing the four-page document , many political analysts noted that the memo does not shed light on what role , if any , the dossier played in the special counsel 's inquiry . Others note that Page came under surveillance in October 2016 , after the Russia investigation was well under way .
Trump continued to tweet about the Russia investigation Saturday evening . Trump touted what they called “ great jobs numbers ” and rising wages , but “ nobody even talks about them . ”
“ Only Russia , Russia , Russia , despite the fact that , after a year of looking , there is No Collusion ! ” the president tweeted .
Citigroup Inc. may not look far for its next chairperson .
Michael O'Neill , the 71-year-old who has led the bank 's board since 2012 , said he 's “ agnostic ” about keeping chairperson and chief executive officer as separate roles and directors will consider Mike Corbat to be their successor .
Corbat and Wells Fargo & Co. 's Tim Sloan are the only CEOs at the six largest U.S. banks that do n't also fill the chairperson role . Many corporate governance experts call for the two jobs to be separate for oversight , while bank executives say there are advantages to one person filling both .
O'Neill was responding to a question from Wells Fargo bank analyst Mike Mayo , who said on Bloomberg Television Monday that former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. president Gary Cohn should be Citigroup 's next chairperson .
Watch : Mayo says Cohn should be Citi 's next chairperson
Japan captain Makoto Hasebe has announced their retirement from the national team , on the heels of the squad 's heartbreaking ejection from the World Cup in a match against Belgium .
“ I have decided to end the chapter of my career with the national team with this tournament , ” Hasebe wrote on their Instagram account .
The 34-year-old defensive midfielder 's departure from the Blue Samurai could mean a changing of the guard for the team , with former AC Milan striker Keisuke Honda , 32 , also saying they plan to retire from the national squad .
Hasebe , who won the German Cup with Eintracht Frankfurt last season , has been on the national team for more than 12 years under five coaches .
This year 's World Cup is their third , after South Africa in 2010 and Brazil in 2014 , and saw their team come heartstoppingly close to the quarterfinals before crashing out against Belgium .
Japan were ousted after Belgium came from behind to win 3-2 in their first match in the knock-out round .
The team will head next to the Asian Cup in the United Arab Emirates early next year , and may also be looking for a new coach .
Akira Nishino , who took over months before the World Cup after the controversial firing of their predecessor Vahid Halilhodzic , has been tight-lipped on their future plans despite reports they could be replaced .
CLASS OF 2019 RANKINGS : Rivals250 | State | Position | Team CLASS OF 2020 RANKINGS : Rivals250 | State | Position
Dontae Lucas
STOCK UP
Jones was back for their second Five-Star Challenge and they were impressive in their hometown . They look comfortable at guard and they had success against the bigger interior guys and faster guys who project at end .
Morris is a 2020 prospect , but they were arguably the most athletic offensive lineman there . They have great agility , they showed good reaction speed and they have good length . They may not have elite height , but they almost checks every box for a top tackle prospect .
Wormley really worked their hands well . They kept their feet moving , they showed good balance and they kept defenders in front of him . When they showed patience and let defenders come to him , they were very successful .
Lucas was nasty . Some thought the Florida State commit played a little dirty and kept going after the whistle blew , but you can not deny their success in Atlanta . They were stoning defensive linemen on a regular basis and they could be a top guard in the ACC down the road .
Bradford had to work on both sides of the ball due to the lack of interior defensive linemen on their team . They had success on both sides and won some key battles on their team at defensive tackle . The LSU commit is naturally strong and was tough to move once they got their hands on defensive linemen .
STOCK STEADY
Thomas is already a five-star , so there is not a lot of room for them to move up , but they did everything expected of him . The LSU commit was strong , they were dominant much of the camp and they left as the MVP .
Rogers may have been the most consistent offensive lineman in the group . They look like a guard and is ranked as one on Rivals.com , but they played right tackle and showed good feet , balance and patience .
Kight had their moments , but they struggled some after being asked to line up at guard instead of tackle . They were not comfortable there , so they are n't playing at a high level , but you can not knock them for lining up somewhere new .
Webb was not as dominant as they had been in prior events , but they were still very impressive . The speed got to them a little and Jowon Briggs gave them some trouble , but they won more than they lost and showed why they are a five-star center .
Wilkins has a great frame to build on and they have some real upside . There is a lot to like about their game and potential with their length and coordination . They will get stronger over time and continue to improve their mechanics .
Akporoghene is an intriguing prospect . They are still somewhat new to football , so they are raw and they are all about potential . They are naturally strong and when they get their hands on defenders , they can control them , but they struggled against guys who had speed and move off the ball .
There were a few instances when Harrison looked like a sophomore going against upperclassmen , but for most of the day they had a very solid all-around performance . There is a lot to like about their game - including versatility and an intriguing size/athleticism combo - and very few weaknesses other than youth and relative inexperience .
STOCK DOWN
Bragg ended up facing quite a few defensive ends on the day , which is not likely a situation they will face in college as a projected interior lineman . However , the quicker prospects exposed limitations in the Stanford commit 's lateral agility and overall quickness , and they also had some issues anchoring against stronger defensive linemen .
Truss is a big body that flashed on the offensive line , but they were not consistent . The Georgia commit is ranked as a tackle , but could move to guard down the road . They need to improve their strength and balance .
The subject of beer sales was one of the major topics for discussion during Thursday night 's Gleason City Board meeting .
Although Gleason currently does n't sell beer inside its city limits , this may change if certain aldermen have their way .
The issue of beer sales as a means of generating revenue to meet the City 's financial obligations was fiercely debated by Board members and local citizens , with some arguing for it to gain much-needed tax revenue , and others speaking out against it on ethical grounds .
( See compete story in the Feb. 15th issue of the Dresden Enterprise . )
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says they do n't regret moving from California to New Jersey so their daughter could receive care after being declared dead .
Nailah Winkfield told reporters Tuesday that they gave up everything for daughter Jahi McMath , but it was worthwhile . The San Francisco Chronicle reports that Jahi will be buried Friday in Hayward , California .
Winkfield says doctors declared Jahi dead on June 22 after an operation to treat an intestinal issue .
McMath had already been declared dead in December 2013 after suffering irreversible brain damage during routine surgery in California when they were 13 .
Winkfield refused to accept the conclusion and took McMath to New Jersey , which accommodates religions that do n't recognize brain death .
From Gary Thomas
PETALUMA , Ca . ( April 24 , 2018 ) – The early slate of competition continues for the Sprint Car Challenge Tour presented by Elk Grove Ford and Abreu Vineyards with the first of two season appearances at the Petaluma Speedway set to commence this Saturday April 28 .
The evening of racing marks the third round of the year for the Sprint Car Challenge Tour presented by Elk Grove Ford and Abreu Vineyards and puts an exciting close to the month of April that has already seen stops in Placerville and Stockton .
The Petaluma Speedway is always a welcomed stop for teams around Northern California . The tacky and hooked-up 3/8-mile clay oval routinely produces thrilling wheel-to-wheel racing , as lapped traffic can create some of the most hectic action of any venue on tour . Please note that the facility features an earlier start time , with cars on track for wheel packing at 4pm .
Defending Sprint Car Challenge Tour champion Kyle Hirst goes into Saturday holding a slim four-point lead over their brother-in-law Willie Croft at the top of the standings . Hirst , pilot of the Roth Motorsports No . 83jr , will be in search of their first career SCCT win this weekend , while Croft captured last April 's visit to Petaluma and has shown immense speed the last couple weeks . The Roseville racer has been on the brink of victory more than once .
Fremont 's Shane Golobic and San Jose 's Tim Kaeding sit just five-markers behind Hirst for the lead and will both be favorites to stand atop the podium on Saturday . Golobic has raced to numerous wins at the 3/8-mile clay oval and Kaeding appears to be settling in with their new ride , the Josh Bates Motorsports No . 42x . Auburn 's Andy Forsberg rounds out the top-five in points and is another driver that is routinely strong on the Petaluma adobe .
Other drivers expected to be on hand at the Petaluma Speedway this Saturday will include Watsonville 's Justin Sanders , Hollister 's Tony Gualda , Penngrove 's Buddy Kofoid , Chase Johnson and Colby Johnson , Sebastopol 's Geoff Ensign , Roseville 's Colby Copeland and Sean Becker , Clarksburg 's Justyn Cox , Stockton 's Matt Peterson , Visalia 's Steven Tiner , Placerville 's Andy Gregg , Princeton 's Mason Moore , Lemoore 's Cole Macedo , Santa Rosa 's Klint Simpson , Citrus Height 's Kalib Henry , Cameron Park 's Shane Hopkins , Tracy 's Kyle Offill , Foresthill 's Jodie Robinson , Cottonwood 's Lucas Ashe , Fairfield 's Zack Lynskey , Fremont 's Dustin Golobic and many more .
Adult tickets this Saturday April 28 cost $ 20 , with juniors 6-11 and seniors 65+ $ 16 , kids five and under will be free . The pit gate for competitors opens at noon , while the front gate opens at 4pm . The drivers meeting will be held at 3:45pm , with track packing at 4pm . Teams are encouraged to arrive early .
The Petaluma Speedway is located in the southern part of the wine country at the Sonoma-Marin Fairgrounds just off Highway 101 in Petaluma , California . More info on the track can be found at http : //www.petaluma-speedway.com
DAVIE , Fla. ( AP ) — Miami Dolphins center Mike Pouncey 's left arm briefly went numb when they collided in practice Monday with Pro Bowl defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh .
It felt good , Pouncey said .
“ I miss those hits , ” they said with a laugh . “ I was like , ` Golly , I miss that feeling . ' It was good to have it back . ”
The feeling 's coming back for Pouncey , and not just in their left arm . They missed 12 games last year because of hip issues , and is gradually being phased into the routine in training camp .
The Dolphins want to limit Pouncey 's exposure to contact to reduce the risk of re-injury , so they joined contact drills for the first time Saturday . He 's practicing every other day and will likely play in one exhibition game , perhaps Thursday against the Baltimore Ravens .
“ We 're just sticking to the plan of one day on , one day off , and it has been working so far , ” Pouncey said . “ Physically I feel great . I feel like we have a great plan , a great schedule that I 'm going to stick to throughout this whole camp . ”
Coach Adam Gase said Pouncey does n't need much practice to be ready for the season .
“ I just want them to follow what our plan is , and I do n't want them to try to sneak in two extra reps , ” Gase said . “ He 's not one for just standing on the sideline and watching . ”
Pouncey , 28 , is a three-time Pro Bowler who has n't played a full season since 2012 . They have had surgery on both hips , and last year they wondered aloud how long they would be able to continue to play .
But they said an offseason of rehabilitation has allowed them to believe they can stay healthy this year .
“ I would n't be out here taking reps if I did n't , ” they said . “ You do n't want to be a guy that 's second-guessing yourself , because any time you do , you 're going to cause injury . I 'm a guy that 's full out or full nothing . I 've been going full out every day , and it has n't been an issue . ”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
MIAMI ( WSVN ) - Two people are in critical condition after , officials said , a pickup truck collided with a palm tree in Miami , Saturday morning .
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue responded to the scene , near Southwest 40th Street and 125th Avenue .
Crews were able to safely extricate the two trapped passengers .
Both passengers were treated on scene and transported to a local trauma center in critical condition .
MDFR officials advised that people wear seat belts and use caution when driven during light rain conditions , since the roads become very slippery .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Republicans represent 23 congressional districts that Democrat Hillary Clinton won in 2016 . Thirteen of those Republicans are banding together to push their own plan to force action on immigration .
It 's probably going nowhere , meaning the plan 's purpose is to help protect these vulnerable GOP lawmakers politically as Republicans and Democrats remain stuck over how to tackle immigration issues .
Darrell West , vice president of governance studies at the Brookings Institution , a nonpartisan think tank , said Republicans are simply giving themselves political cover .
“ They can say they made an effort , then blame Congress as a whole for not taking action , ” West said .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
The vulnerable Republicans ' plan , introduced by Rep. Jeff Denham , R-Calif. , with 38 other Republicans Monday , would have the House consider a series of immigration bills .
Two of the bills – the DREAM Act and the USA Act – have been backed by both Democrats and Republicans .
The USA Act provides a path to legal citizenship for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals recipients while also providing more for immigration enforcement policies . The DREAM Act provides a path to legal citizenship without increased immigration enforcement .
DACA is an Obama-era program that allows people who entered the country illegally as minors to remain , work and study in the country legally . President Donald Trump announced plans to phase out the program in September .
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 59 Pence responds to Joy Behar 's comments calling their faith a 'mental illness ' Pause 119 Once denied a chance to testify , Charlotte woman says Supreme Court justice sexually harassed me 109 Political campaign seasons starts today 104 Mecklenburg Co. Sheriff Carmichael talks about why they favor the 287 ( g ) program 149 Mecklenburg Co. Sheriff candidate McFadden tells why he 's against the 287 ( g ) program Berger reacts to gerrymandering ruling 111 New interim DA Merriweather speaking after swearing in ceremony 138 Mayor-elect Vi Lyles reflects on the day after their historic win 65 Charlotte Mayor-elect Vi Lyles and supporters celebrate victory 176 Vi Lyles wins Charlotte mayor 's race Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
President Trump outlined their immigration plan during their first State of the Union . Congress is set to take up immigration and DACA legislation before the next government shutdown deadline on Feb. 8 . The White House
They gave Congress a March 5 deadline to pass legislation aimed at resolving the issue , but court rulings have continued the young immigrants ' protected status for now .
The Securing America 's Future Act has no Democratic cosponsors and includes border wall funding , significant cuts to paths to legal immigration and no pathway to permanent citizenship for DACA recipients .
Under House rules , whichever bill wins a majority and receives the highest number of votes in the package would be considered passed and move on to the Senate .
“ We have several viable solutions stuck in committee , unable to advance for debate and amendment , ” Denham said . “ The gridlock simply can not continue . ”
Sponsors in Clinton-won districts include Denham , Reps. David Valadao , R-Calif. , Will Hurd , R-Texas , Carlos Curbelo , R-Fla. , Dana Rohrabacher , R-Calif. , and Stephen Knight , R-Calif. Reps. Darrell Issa , R-Calif. , and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Fla. , also signed on but are retiring in 2018 .
Many also have large Latino populations . Denham 's district is 40 percent Latino , Valadao 's is 71 percent and Curbelo 's is 74 percent .
The White House and Democrats have been trying , unsuccessfully , to find common ground . The effort by the vulnerable Republicans to use little-known actions to force their own leadership to consider immigration legislation is yet another indicator of the ongoing deadlock .
“ Quite frankly , we now are in a situation where leadership is going to have to show leadership and do that which has not been happening on immigration , ” Issa said . “ And my guess is leadership likes what 's not happening . I hope I 'm wrong . ”
House Speaker Paul Ryan 's office did not return a request for comment .
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , said there “ might be an opportunity ” with that proposal , but still did n't see reasons for Democrats to cooperate .
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 59 Pence responds to Joy Behar 's comments calling their faith a 'mental illness ' Pause 119 Once denied a chance to testify , Charlotte woman says Supreme Court justice sexually harassed me 109 Political campaign seasons starts today 104 Mecklenburg Co. Sheriff Carmichael talks about why they favor the 287 ( g ) program 149 Mecklenburg Co. Sheriff candidate McFadden tells why he 's against the 287 ( g ) program Berger reacts to gerrymandering ruling 111 New interim DA Merriweather speaking after swearing in ceremony 138 Mayor-elect Vi Lyles reflects on the day after their historic win 65 Charlotte Mayor-elect Vi Lyles and supporters celebrate victory 176 Vi Lyles wins Charlotte mayor 's race Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi set the record for the longest House floor speech Wednesday . They spoke for more than six hours to oppose the budget deal because the plan does n't include a permanent solution for undocumented immigrants affected by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program . AP
“ There 's not a whole lot of reasons to negotiate , to do anything that is not already covered by the court decision , ” Pelosi said , referencing a ruling by the federal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that allow new DACA applications to be accepted indefinitely .
“ I mean , should we give a border wall for nothing ? No , I do n't think so , ” they added .
Rep. John Yarmuth , D-Ky. , the top Democrat on the House Budget Committee , said Republicans did not have the votes needed without Democrats , and Democrats were unlikely to make a push right now .
They cited past failures , including the government shutdown stemming from a Democratic push for DACA action in January and an unwillingness to act when the courts had given “ some breathing room , probably nine to 12 months . ”
McClatchy Washington Bureau reporter Lesley Clark contributed to this report .
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - Millions of people around the world celebrated the new year by going to parties or hosting them , but some South Florida families welcomed 2017 with their new bundles of joy .
From Miami-Dade to Broward , a couple of families rang in 2017 waiting , not for a ball or orange or anchor , but for the arrival of a new member .
Like Nishon'te King , who came into this world at 12:32 a.m. , at Jackson South Community Hospital , in Southwest Miami-Dade .
“ She took me through a lot of pain , but thank God she 's here , ” said the baby girl 's mother , Standricka Wooden .
The there was Marius Pruitt , who followed 10 minutes after Nishon'te at Memorial Regional Hospital . “ At first , I thought we were going to have them on Christmas and everything , ” said their mother , Jasmine Aldiva . “ I was having contractions , but they sent me home . ”
When a Christmas birth was n't in the cards , Marius made another holiday their own .
“ I was n't like that many centimeters , and out of nowhere , in like an hour , I was 9 centimeters , and they were ready to come out , ” said Aldiva .
Meanwhile , Wooden thought they were just stopping at Jackson South for a checkup , but their 5-pound , 14-ounce daughter had other plans . “ I did n't know that they were going to keep me . I went into active labor , actually , at 12 o'clock a.m. , ” they said .
Nishon'te 's arrival , however , made the unexpected ordeal well worth enduring . “ It 's the best thing in the world , knowing that she 's here , healthy and strong , ” said Nishon King , the baby 's father .
Wooden 's doctor , Jamell Walker , had nothing but praise for the mother who managed to push just once to deliver their youngest . “ It 's something we do every day , ” they said . “ We make miracles daily , but this one is a particular happiness and joy for me because she 's my first New Year 's baby . ”
Both babies have big brothers to meet at the hospital . Marius has three other siblings at home .
Aldiva and Wooden said a baby at the start of the new year is an incredible blessing .
When asked whether they have any New Year 's resolutions , Aldiva replied , “ Just for my kids to be safe and healthy . ”
“ She 's a New Year 's baby , and she 's one of my New Year 's resolutions , ” said Wooden .
The one thing neither newborn can claim , however , is being the very first 2017 baby born at a South Florida hospital . Northwest Medical Center in Margate reported a baby was born there at 12:02 a.m .
Copyright 2016 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Researchers claim to have solved the primary problem stopping room-scale virtual reality ( VR ) gaming from becoming full-scale : the fact you can only walk in a given direction for so long before you hit a real-world wall .
The current resurgence of interest in virtual reality gaming has researchers and companies eager for a slice of the pie , and while work is well under way on solving one of the issues with current-generation VR implementations - the cables which tether you to the driving PC - the issue of the size of the gaming space exceeding the size of the physical space remains . Previous solutions have primarily revolved around physical omnidirectional treadmills , but a team of researchers led by Stony Brook University student Qi Sun claims to have a solution : walking in circles .
'In VR , we can display vast universes ; however , the physical spaces in our homes and offices are much smaller , ' Sun , a former research intern at Adobe Research and Nvidia , explains . 'It 's the nature of the human eye to scan a scene by moving rapidly between points of fixation . We realized that if we rotate the virtual camera just slightly during saccades [ rapid eye movements ] , we can redirect a user 's walking direction to simulate a larger walking space . '
Sun 's technique , known as dynamic saccade redirection , fools the user into believing that they are walking in a straight line while actually subtly redirecting them to walk in a circle . In testing , the researchers found that users were unable to notice the virtual camera 's rotation so long as it happened during saccades and experienced no dizziness or sickness as a result - a major step up over previous attempts to implement similar solutions . Better still , the prototype system proved rapid enough to redirect users invisibly around objects such as tables and chairs and , impressively , even moving objects like people invading the play space .
'Currently in VR , it is still difficult to deliver a completely natural walking experience to VR users , ' says Sun . 'That is the primary motivation behind our work - to eliminate this constraint and enable fully immersive experiences in large virtual worlds . '
The team 's paper , Towards Virtual Reality Infinite Walking : Dynamic Saccade Redirection , was teased by Nvidia earlier this year ahead of a presentation at the SIGGRAPH conference and is available in the journal ACM Transactions on Graphics ( TOG ) ' Volume 36 Issue 6 . A YouTube video , embedded below , offers a demonstration of the technology .
How Shared Parking Can Reduce Housing Costs and Cut Traffic
Parking is expensive to build . It 's particularly expensive in cities like Seattle , where space is limited and land costs are high .
Sound Transit will spend $ 100,000 per parking space , for instance , to build garages around its new suburban light rail stations . Now imagine baking costs like that into the construction of new housing — that 's what mandatory parking minimums do .
The political appetite for eliminating parking requirements is limited , however , so Seattle officials are taking an incremental approach , reports Dan Bertolet at Sightline .
In the Seattle region , King County Metro found that more than a quarter of residential parking spaces are unused , but current rules prevent the agency from using those empty spaces for park-and-ride purposes . Now the city is looking to change those rules to enable “ greater sharing of parking in certain zones ” [ PDF ] . The basic idea is to reduce the amount of parking in new construction by making more efficient use of existing parking , and the benefits could be substantial , Bertolet writes :
While Seattle 's current efforts to eliminate barriers to shared parking may have been catalyzed by the King County Metro 's park-and-ride ambitions , the city stands to gain much more . For one , using existing parking more efficiently helps recover the sunk costs of oversupplied parking . For another , underutilized parking can absorb new parking demand , so that future buildings can be constructed with fewer stalls . Developers can build confidently , knowing that tenants can find parking nearby . Municipalities can forgo huge parking structures . To summarize the benefits : Cheaper and more abundant housing ( parking stalls take up space and cost upwards of $ 40,000 )
Improved urban livability through better urban design and architecture
Reduced car use and associated climate pollution
More walking , biking , and transit use One concern about allowing shared parking is that it could backfire : developers might build extra parking to sell to people not residing in their building . Seattle 's proposal would address that concern by placing a 145-stall cap on shared parking in any one development . It 's an improbable scenario anyway , because in urban areas parking costs so much to construct that it 's still likely to be a money loser for developers , even counting the extra revenue from sharing .
More recommended reading today : The Natural Resources Defense Council shares a report on how to prevent improvements to transit or walkability from causing residential displacement . And Greater Greater Washington and Seattle Bike Blog are excited about the integration of dockless bike-share data into the Transit App trip planner .
Could Naperville 's 'cow tunnel ' of the past be bike path of the future ?
hello
It looked and sounded like an urban legend to Susan Ahlfeld , a Naperville resident for more than 10 years but a relative newcomer considering the city 's 186-year history .
A tunnel built not for people but for cows to pass from the north side of the Burlington Northern Santa Fe railroad tracks to the south . Four decades after its last use , the tunnel is nearly hidden behind piles of brush and overgrowth , and its entrances are chock-full of wood and concrete . Naperville is known for its agricultural roots , and the cow tunnel that aligns with Webster Street between 5th and Spring avenues is a lasting -- though nearly invisible -- reminder of that heritage .
But to Ahlfeld and a group of neighbors who live near the tracks , the rustic connection seems a fitting solution to a modern problem of pedestrian access and safety .
Ahlfeld is leading a community group planning an Aug. 23 meeting to discuss the possibility of reopening and repurposing the walkway they nearly did n't believe existed .
`` Then I come to find there 's actually this tunnel under the tracks , '' Ahlfeld said . `` It 's there , and I think we can build it out and make it a great , safer passageway for bikers and walkers . ''
Ahlfeld is n't the first to rediscover the cow tunnel since the city closed it in during the 1970s . City council member Paul Hinterlong says the idea of reopening it comes up from time to time , surprises a few folks who do n't know the tunnel is there , then fades away -- typically because of cost concerns or logistical challenges .
`` It seems like a pretty good push this time , '' Hinterlong said . `` Maybe we can at least get to the bottom of it to see if it 's feasible or not . ''
- Marie Wilson | Staff Photographer The southern entrance to the cow tunnel that a group of Naperville residents is considering reopening is located near a gazebo in the Naperville Station subdivision of row houses just west of the DuPage Children 's Museum . The tunnel , behind a chain-link fence and some brush , has been closed off with pieces of concrete and wood .
That 's exactly what Ahlfeld and their neighbors aim to do -- draw together the community to determine if residents want to invest the money , time and engineering it would take to make the tunnel available for public use . It 's estimated the project could cost $ 1 million to $ 2 million .
`` It 's a good idea for a community conversation because it deals with the quality of life and safety and it brings two neighborhoods together , '' said Mary Lou Wehrli , a Naperville Parks Foundation member and DuPage County Forest Preserve District commissioner who is involved with talks about the tunnel . `` There are so many things that can be tied together more safely . ''
The tunnel 's location is strategic , supporters say , because it 's between two busy roads that bikers and walkers might not like to use -- Washington Street on the east and Mill Street on the west . Pedestrian-friendly or not , those roads connect people on both sides of the tracks to transportation , jobs , shopping and schools .
Hinterlong said he 's worked on safety improvements to Washington Street , adding a railing where the road travels under the tracks to make bikers and walkers , especially students heading to nearby Washington Junior High , feel more secure .
`` The cow tunnel , if it 's feasible , would be even better yet , '' Hinterlong said . `` It 'd be a more direct route for the kids to use and a safer one . ''
But the cow tunnel was n't built to modern standards for bike path width , lighting or security .
`` It 's very short and narrow , '' Wehrli said . `` But we could ride our bikes through it as kids . ''
To reuse it , the city would need to pay for a structural assessment and follow the construction process of the BNSF Railway , said Bill Novack , director of transportation , engineering and development .
The group could seek grants to cover the cost or ask the city and the Naperville Park District to chip in .
Park District Executive Director Ray McGury said the agency could help residents apply for grants , using the expertise of a grant writer on staff .
But they and Mike Reilly , park board president , said the panel has n't yet discussed the cow tunnel idea and has no plans at the moment to help pay for it . The city similarly has not discussed funding for the project .
The residents who want to examine the possibility will present their thoughts at 7 p.m. Wednesday , Aug. 23 , in the municipal center , 400 S. Eagle St .
`` If we were to reopen it , '' Ahlfeld said about the tunnel they hope can exist anew , `` let 's make it more beautiful and enlarge it . ''
A Soil Burn Severity Map shows how badly areas in the Columbia River Gorge were burned by the Eagle Creek fire , which started Sept. 2 , 2017 . ( InciWeb )
Portland Ore-Experts and forest scientists say the burn may not be as bad as everyone expected . Engineers are still exploring the use of mulch and retaining walls to hold back slides during the winter . The popular hiking trails will still be closed until at least spring because of the damage and the need for repairs .
You have knowledge and insights that can help journalists cover the news in greater depth and uncover stories they might not otherwise find .
Photo : Courtesy RCA
By Scott T. Sterling
From the moment it was officially announced , Justin Timberlake 's Man of the Woods has generated a whirlwind of rumors , innuendo and controversy .
Related : Justin Timberlake Dances With Jessica Biel in ‘ Man of the Woods ' Video
The title alone had many trumpeting that the pop superstar was pulling a reverse Taylor Swift and “ going country. ” Others accused them of simply aping contemporary country music culture in an appeal at a wider audience .
Listening to Man of the Woods , the reality is far less sensational . As an artist who emerged from NSync into a fully formed pop star with the release of their 2002 solo debut , Justified , Timberlake has continually taken bold risks in ongoing efforts at staying at the vanguard of modern music and pop culture at large . Their new album is no exception .
With the futuristic sheen of “ Filthy , ” an attempt at recreating the then-shocking effect “ Sexyback ” had upon its initial release in 2006 , Man of the Woods finds Timberlake again delving into new territories hoping to shake things up in the world around him .
These are the 5 best songs on Man of the Woods .
“ Wave ”
With Timberlake re-teaming with the Neptunes ( Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo ) for a number of tracks , the trio recaptures the bright , feel-good vibes that made Justified such an instant hit on this cool and melodic track .
“ Supplies ”
This one probably should n't work . Somehow , Timberlake throwing caution to the wind and going hard with the Neptunes on a full-blown trap-style club banger comes together into a track that will actually bang in Vegas clubs .
“ Say Something ”
The first of two Chris Stapleton collaborations on Man of the Woods is the clear standout . The two share a similar genre-blurring aesthetic , with Stapleton 's genuine roots a strong foil for Timberlake 's pop experimentalism .
“ Breeze Off the Pond ”
Another Timberlake/Neptunes gem . Justin assumes a smooth , Stevie Wonder-like singing style on the relaxed , soul-pop track brushed with lush background vocals . The top-down summer road trip jam of the album .
“ Morning Light ”
Timberlake teams with Alicia Keys on this cool , breezy tune . Key 's laid-back and subtle performance gives the track a warm , sultry appeal , and meshes well with Timberlake 's controlled delivery . Like with the Stapleton tracks , Timberlake lets the featured artist lead the track and infuse it with their own personality .
I 'll sign in later
And we 'll keep you signed in .
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC ?
DURHAM , N.C. ( WNCT ) – Duke University head men 's basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski will take a leave of absence due to lower back surgery they are expected to undergo on Friday , the team announced Monday .
According to the team 's website , the surgery is to remove a fragment of a herniated disc , and the anticipated recovery time for Krzyzewski is up to four weeks .
Duke associate head coach Jeff Capel will coach the team in Krzyzewski 's absence , starting with the Blue Devils ' game vs. Boston College on Jan. 7 in Cameron Indoor Stadium .
“ Dr . William Richardson , Dr. Friedman , and our medical team have worked tirelessly to help manage this issue for several weeks , ” said Krzyzewski . “ Together , we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time . During my recovery process , the team will be in the capable hands of Coach Capel , Coach James and Coach Scheyer . As soon as the doctors clear me to do so , I look forward to returning and giving our team 100 % of my energy and attention , which is certainly something that they deserve . ”
Ray Tamarra/GC Images via Getty Images ( WASHINGTON ) — Reality TV star Kim Kardashian Wednesday brought their quest for clemency for an imprisoned grandmother to the White House .
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders confirmed that Kardashian was visiting the White House but would not confirm the people with whom they were meeting . They were expected to meet with Jared Kushner , the president 's adviser and son-in-law , who has led the Trump administration 's efforts on criminal justice reform .
Kardashian began advocating on behalf of 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson earlier this year . The grandmother was given a mandatory life sentence plus 25 years in 1997 for their part in a cocaine distribution ring , their first offense .
Kushner , whose father spent time in prison , has made prison reform a personal passion , saying they want to help those who “ have made mistakes , paid the price and are deserving of a second chance . ”
Johnson 's daughter Tretessa had earlier told ABC News that they were grateful to Kardashian and their legal team for working on behalf of and shining a light on their mother 's case .
“ She could have just sawed the video or read an article or whatever and just said ‘ oh that 's a shame ' or whatever and went on with their life , but they did n't , they chose to get involved in a major way , ” Johnson told ABC .
The Johnson family first sought clemency for Alice , unsuccessfully , from President Barack Obama , gathering letters of recommendations from their warden and from members of Congress .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Quick Little Garden Tip
You probably remember thinning out seedlings in the row of vegetables so the plants that remained would have room to grow and develop to full productivity . You did n't like to waste the plants as a youngster , but your parent told you how critical it was to your vegetable crops ' success .
It 's the same with your fruit crops . If you leave every last fruit hanging on your trees and vines , final quality will undoubtedly suffer . In fact , so can the actual health of the plants themselves .
Stark Brothers Nursery in Missouri , long known for their fine fruit trees sold via mailorder , has great information on this topic .
Continued Below
Advertisement
To boil the Stark Brothers Nursery information all down to what is applicable to Texas :
• Thin most fruit crops 3 or 4 weeks after prime bloom time for the crop .
• Use your fingers and small clippers to remove excess fruit .
• Do so to allow more water and nutrients to enter the fruit that remain , for higher quality and larger fruit .
• Thinning will take weight off the trees ' branches .
• Remaining fruit will be exposed to more sunlight for more attractive coloration and uniform ripening .
• Thinning helps ensure annual fruit production rather than biennial bearing .
• Peaches and apples require thinning to leave the fruit 6 inches apart on the branches . ( Compare that to the photo of the peach branch shared with me by a Facebook friend . )
• Plums and pears should be thinned to 4 to 6 inches between fruit .
• Grapes are thinned a great deal with your annual mid-winter trimming that removes as much as 80 to 85 percent of their cane growth .
Here is the entire story from the Stark Brothers website . Our thanks for their useful information .
( Note : Portions of this story ran in the April 7 , 2016 , e-gardens . I felt the topic merited covering again . Neil . )
Posted by Neil Sperry
Interstate work to extend into Clarendon County
Road work on Interstate 95 underway since October in Dillon and Florence counties will soon move into Clarendon County , according to a spokesperson from the South Carolina Department of Transportation .
Robert Kudelka said Monday morning that the agency “ continues work on an interstate preservation project on Interstate 95 in Dillon , Florence and Clarendon counties . ”
“ The preservation project has been under way since October 2017 along a 21-mile stretch of Southbound I-95 from mile marker 192 near Dillon to mile marker 171 near Florence , ” Kudelka said . “ Currently the contractor , Chester Bross Construction Company , is working near southbound mile marker 190 up to mile marker 172 along with working at Exit 160 Ramps in Florence County . ”
This work , Kudelka added , will continue further south into Clarendon County and includes “ concrete patching , diamond grinding , joint sealing and pavement markings . ”
Southbound lane closures are expected to be in place 24 hours a day from 7 p.m. Mondays through 10 a.m. Thursdays .
For motorists traveling southbound , alternate routes include US 301/76 or SC 34 . Motorists are encouraged to use the alternate routes to avoid delays if there are noticeable traffic backups and if message boards request the use of an alternate route .
“ SCDOT appreciates your patience and cooperation during these necessary activities to provide a safer , more efficient interstate system , ” Kudelka said . “ Motorists are advised to use caution in the work zone and to check current travel conditions on the SC 511 Traveler Information System at www.511sc.org .
Cousins has also , like it or not , dived right into the extraordinary expectations surrounding the Vikings following their advancement to the NFC championship game last season . The junior-high kids were yet another reminder of this .
`` Most of the questions revolved around , 'Will we go to the Super Bowl ? ' and 'Will we make the playoffs ? ' I just throw it back at them saying , 'Do you think we will ? ' and they say , 'Yes ' . They 're confident , and that 's a good place to start . ''
As the Vikings worked through their fifth of nine formal spring practices labeled by NFL parlance as organized team activities , outside linebacker Anthony Barr was back on the field with the team after an absence last week they confirmed was related to their contract status .
Now playing the final season of their rookie contract at a fully guaranteed salary of slightly more than $ 12.3 million , Barr said they hoped to have a new deal in place before the on-field workouts began . That did n't happen , so they took out an insurance policy to protect their future earnings in case of injury in 2018 .
The issue for Barr and their desire for longer-term security is the Vikings also have hefty paydays looming for wide receiver Stefon Diggs and defensive end Danielle Hunter , who are also playing this season on expiring contracts for a team that has plenty of expensive stars .
`` My agent is doing a great job , and they 're having conversations , '' said Barr , who was the team 's first-round draft pick in 2014 . `` I do n't know too many details on that . My focus is here with the team and getting better . ''
Sounds a little like the quarterback , dealing with their challenge of taking over a championship-chasing team .
`` Everything is new , so I 'm just continuing to try to get to where the plays and the reads and the terminology are all instinctual without having to think , '' Cousins said . `` That takes a long time , but every day you can take a step in that process . ''
___
For more AP NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dave Campbell , The Associated Press
MONTREAL , QUEBEC -- ( Marketwired - Oct. 6 , 2017 ) - KHALKOS EXPLORATION INC. ( `` Khalkos '' ) ( TSX VENTURE : KAS ) announces that following the resignation of Ms. Éliane Tremblay Paradis as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company , the Board nominated Mr. Dominique Doucet as interim for both positions .
The Board of Directors wishes to greatly thank Ms. Tremblay Paradis , who recently left for their maternity leave , for their valuable contribution to the Company .
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider ( as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release .
1 ) Direct telecast of Parliamentary proceedings be stopped
Outgoing Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairperson PJ Kurien has rightly suggested based on their experience that direct telecast of Parliamentary proceedings is neither practically proper nor otherwise justified . Study may establish that disruption in Parliamentary proceedings might have increased manifolds ever since direct telecast of Parliamentary proceedings was started . It is also said that some Parliamentarians deliberately create nosy scenes and enter into well of the House so that they may show such video-footage of their activeness in their constituencies .
Otherwise also since there is a provision of expulsion of certain Parliamentary proceedings by chairperson of the concerned House , it is not fair that such proceedings may go public through direct telecast of Parliamentary proceedings . Properly edited pre-recorded Parliamentary proceedings should be telecast for which there should be an all-committee to prevent any element of bias .
– Subhash Chandra Agrawal
2 ) Reduce validity of demand-drafts
Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) and Union Finance Ministry should look into serious issue of black-money transactions through benami demand-drafts/pay-orders where such instruments continue exchange of hands like currency . Even there exist certain firms which act like a sort of ‘ banker ' where demand-drafts/pay-orders made in their names are easily accepted in markets , and these firms give cash after deducting their commission to holder of such demand-drafts on a date nearing validity-period .
Now with numerous households connected with banks under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna , stress should be on banking-transactions replacing cash-dealings . Validity of demand-drafts should be further reduced to 45 days with compulsion of printing name and account-number/address of purchasers on these instruments . Demand-drafts/pay-orders of above Rs 10,000 may generally not be made from cash .
– Madhu Agrawal
3 ) Planting saplings paves the way
Chief Minister 's master plan to plant 13 crore saplings in 2018 is a very good initiative . The Maharashtra government has taken an initiative and that will yield fruits in developing green pasture in the metro city . By planting 400 crore saplings to cover 33 per cent of the state 's forest area is a right step in the right direction . If we are conscientious enough , the task of keeping of environment clean can be accomplished . Each one of us should plant at least one sapling , considering it to be our duty . If we protect trees , nature will do the rest . If we have pollution free environment , we will lead lives of peace and happiness . Where there is a will , physical constraints are of no consequence . God 's precious gift of nature is being destroyed by the complacence of the people . Chief Minister deserves all praise for taking up the lead in this direction .
– Nikhil Krishnan
4 ) Ghatkopar plane crash
I was deeply pained to hear the news about the chartered plane crash at Ghatkopar , a suburb in Mumbai on June 28 , 2018 . It is very unfortunate that five people including one person on ground lost their lives in this crash . My salutation to the two pilots who showed great presence of mind to avoid a big mishap and saved many lives at the cost of their own lives ! My heartfelt condolences to the grief-stricken families of the bereaved and may the souls of the departed who lost their lives in the crash rest in peace !
– Jubel D'Cruz
5 ) Another bridge bites the dust !
Mumbai city is in the doldrums as another overhead bridge bites the dust bringing the city to a halt as it fell on the busy local tracks at Andheri . Early morning tragedy minimised the casualties but human life has no value in the city as untoward incidents from accidents , fires and killings have become a regular event in the city . Three fourth of the city is dug up for metro and other work on account of poor planning and corruption .
Citizens themselves are responsible for selecting corrupt governments year after year . Educated people need to join politics so that citizens have a good choice to select honest governments in future . The BMC is headquarters for corruption and courts should order investigations in not just bridge collapses but the functioning of the governments and corporations as well !
– S.N.Kabra
6 ) Brazil Football Team back to business
Neymar fired on all cylinders , scoring for Brazil in their 2-0 victory over Mexico . But it was their theatrics that got everyone talking during the last 16 World Cup Clash . Both Messi and Ronaldo are out of action after early exit of their teams from the championship , but Neymar lived up to their reputation and became a match winner in their own right . The sequence of events that led to the star player scoring a goal is fresh in our memories . Mexico 's Layun Miguel left a sneaky foot on the forward 's ankle while trying to receive the ball . And Neymar reacted by rolling around in over dramatic fashion on the touch line at the Samara Arena . Brazil have won five times , and they are the only team to have played in every tournament . Last time Brazil won the World Cup was in the year 2002 and in the last edition they touched fourth place . This time round they stand a good chance to annexe the cup and show their supremacy in football . Brazil football team is back in business and hoped to go further to the final stages of the tournament .
– Anandambal Subbu
( The views expressed by the author in the article are his/her own . )
MILWAUKEE -- Gardening expert Melinda Meyers shared some ways to keep your Valentine 's flowers looking extra fresh .
They say make sure to have wrapping around your flowers during transport in these extreme cold temperatures .
Make sure to clip the ends of each flower in an angle . This will prevent the stems from staying flat on the bottom of the vase so that the flower can absorb water .
Be sure to fill your vase with the nutrient bag your florist gives you . There is fungicide to prevent rot and nutrients to keep the flowers living longer .
If your flower begins to droop , Melinda suggests you dunk the flower in warm water for 30 minutes and recut the stem then it will stand up straight .
Melinda Meyers will be at the NARI Home Improvement show starting February 15 . Click here to find out more .
Elaine Herzberg has been identified as the pedestrian who tragically died after being hit by a self-driving Uber in Arizona . This is likely the first pedestrian fatality involving a self-driving car . This is a developing story . Read on for more details .
1 . Elaine Herzberg , 49-Years-Old , Was a Mother and Graduate of Apache Junction High School
The woman who was killed by a self-driving Uber was Elaine Herzberg , the Tempe Police Department announced . The 49-year-old was transferred to a local hospital after they were hit and died of their injuries . The accident happened around 10 p.m. on Sunday evening . Additional details about Herzberg have not yet been released , but according to their Facebook accounts , they became a mother at 15 and 18 , and stayed active in their community , often staying in contact with a close circle of friends . They graduated from Apache Junction High School in 1985 .
The Tempe Police Department have possession of the vehicle , and Uber has not yet been able to analyze data from the car 's sensors to see what happened during the crash . The data will determine if the car was at fault . Typically , the company overseeing a self-driving car comes to the scene of an accident to help determine what happened , Recode reported .
2 . They Are Walking Them Bike Across the Street Outside a Crosswalk Near Mill Avenue & Curry Road
Officials said that Herzberg was walking their bike across the street , outside a crosswalk , when they were hit , ABC 6 reported . The crash occurred near Mill Avenue and Curry Road , ABC 15 reported . The Uber was heading north and the woman was crossing from west to east when they were hit . This is a general look at the area where the accident occurred . You can view it on Google Maps here .
Police have not provided any additional details about the crash , as of the time of publication .
3 . A Driver Was Behind the Wheel of the Uber at the Time
Although the Uber that hit Herzberg was in Autonomous mode , this does n't mean the car was completely self-driving with no one inside . A driver was behind the wheel and could have taken control of the car at any time , Slate reported .
4 . Arizona Has the Highest Rate of Pedestrian Deaths in the Country
After the news of the accident , Uber announced that it 's pausing tests of its autonomous vehicles in Pittsburgh , San Francisco , Toronto , and Phoenix . A spokesperson said in a statement : “ Our hearts go out to the victim 's family . We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident . ”
Uber has been testing autonomous vehicles in Tempe since 2016 . It was temporarily blocked from operating in San Francisco after a car ran a red light , but it has since returned to the city and expanded its autonomous program .
Just a couple weeks ago , AZ Central reported that Arizona has the highest rate of pedestrian deaths in the country . For the first six months of 2017 , Arizona had 1.61 deaths per 100,000 people . There were 224 pedestrian deaths in the state in 2017 .
5 . An Autonomous Uber Was in a Crash in Tempe in 2017 , After Another Vehicle Failed to Legally Yield
In March 2017 , Uber temporarily suspended its self-driving program after an autonomous vehicle was in a crash , VentureBeat reported . The driver of another vehicle had failed to yield to the Uber vehicle while making a turn , and the two cars hit each other . The Uber rolled on its side in the accident . There were no serious injuries . Two safety drivers were in the Uber , which was in self-driving mode .
The National Transportation Safety Board has opened an investigation into Herzberg 's death and is sending a team to Tempe , Bloomberg reported . The NTSB rarely investigates traffic accidents , but is keeping a close eye on autonomous accidents . It investigated the 2016 Florida accident involving a Tesla and partially faulted Tesla 's Autopilot system for the fatal crash . In that case , a driver using Tesla autopilot died when their car drove into a tractor-trailer .
Still , the number of fatal accidents involving autonomous cars is far , far fewer than number of fatal accidents involving traditional cars . Nearly 1.3 million people die each year in car crashes , averaging 3,287 deaths a day . In the United States in 2013 , more than 32,000 people died in U.S. car crashes , amounting to about 90 deaths a day .
This is a developing story .
Saying and doing are two different things for the Red Bulls .
Despite their current eight-match winless stretch , third-longest in club history , the Red Bulls ( 43 points ) find themselves mildly comfortable in the sixth-spot in the Eastern Conference . They currently sit four points ahead of Montreal , with a one-game advantage over their Canadian conference rival .
All the Red Bulls have to do to make the MLS playoffs is win — except that 's easier said than done , considering they have n't won in nearly two months . Head coach Jesse Marsch called their disastrous September , one in which they dropped the US Open Cup final to Sporting Kansas City and were ultimately embarrassed on the score sheet by Supporter Shield winners Toronto FC last week , a “ demanding month . ”
“ At least we get to say bye to September . It 's October now — it 's a new New York Red Bulls , ” said forward Bradley Wright-Phillips .
We 'll see if that holds true when the Red Bulls try to scratch out a win Saturday against the Vancouver Whitecaps at Red Bull Arena ( 5 PM ; UniMas ) .
With concerns of travel — an excuse Marsch blamed for their September skid — behind them , the Red Bulls essentially control their own destiny . Vancouver ( 51 points ) , widely considered favorites in the West to reach the MLS Cup , is missing a slew of starters , including Peruvian playmaker Yordy Reyna , because of the international break . The absences might give the Red Bulls a break considering the Whitecaps grabbed 13 out of a possible 18 points in September .
“ It 's not a must-win in terms of we have one win out of three . If we can get a win here then we can start to think about ‘ Maybe we can inch our way up the placing a little bit . ' But , it 's a mentality move for our group , ” Marsch said .
The Red Bulls will be without starting defenders Fidel Escobar and Michael Murillo , who are with the Panama national team .
Arizona Coyotes left wing Max Domi 16 ) celebrates their goal against the Calgary Flames goaltender Mike Smith
Mukti 's Spinster Party
After a rather confusing episode and mind blowing twist of Smaran getting lovey-dovey with Inaya , and Jeff inviting stripper for Mukti 's spinster , Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan thrilled the fans to a new level altogether .
Nandini Gets To Know The Real Reason For Manik Denying Them Proposal
We all could see Nandini pulling their sleeves up to fix thing between them and Manik when they come to know about the real reason behind Manik 's denial on the proposal .
Mukti 's Unique Spinster Party
A bachelorette without gate crashers is never a bachelorette , boys of Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan gate crashing Mukti 's spinster party is the best thing that one can find on the internet today . Generally , spinster parties are supposed to be crazy and exciting , but Mukti 's spinster was a different story to tell .
Manik & Nandini Get Closer
We all know Manik and Nandini love each other and fans got a jist of their bond during the bachelorette . On the other hand , Zubin seems a little devious during bachelorette and they 're giving a cold shoulder to the stripper seemed like they somehow knew the stripper .
Zubin 's Blast from the Past
We know everything about Mukti as well as the others , but there is not much known about Zubin . This reminds of Jeff 's advice to Mukti about giving the marriage a second thought , although we know that Jeff loves Mukti and has an emotional space for Mukti as Jeff is disinterested in guys .
What 's Zubin Hiding ?
What is it that Zubin is hiding , does Jeff know something about Zubin that Mukti does n't or they just wants to break the marriage so that they could pursue Mukti .
Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan 3
The chemistry between the two Charlie and Barkha is a result of their off screen sisterly relationship with each other . Who knows what we might come across in the show in near future ? Well , it 's Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan always with a twist .
Follow @ insidefutbol
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has insisted that Leeds United are by far the biggest club they have managed in their career .
The 69-year-old 's current side are scheduled to visit Elland Road for a Championship clash on Saturday , giving the Bluebirds the chance to further strengthen their claim among the top six in the league table .
Warnock , who is heading back to a familiar ground where they prowled the touchline between 2012 and 2013 , insists that with that huge level of support Leeds are the biggest club they have taken charge of during their managerial career .
The former York City player also took time to speak about Leeds ' strength at home . Reflecting on their time as the manager of the club , Warnock said that they and their Leeds side used to get motivation from the amount of support they got from their fans , not only in the stadium , but through the entire city .
`` They 're not bad at Elland Road , they know when I was there we had a decent team and we were only a couple of players short [ of getting them up ] '' , Warnock said at a press conference .
`` It 's a fabulous club and biggest club I 've been at by a mile , no disrespect to Cardiff or any of my other clubs .
`` It 's just a massive club , the fans are good , all round the area for 20 miles , there 's nothing but Leeds United , they 're all Leeds United mad and there 'd be full houses every week if they got back . ''
And Warnock does not expect a bad reception at Elland Road .
`` I had a great time living there , met some lovely people but it was n't meant to be .
`` The majority of fans there do n't give me too much stick because I kept the club stable for a while when I was there . ''
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON ( CBSMiami/CNN ) – Nothing ever seems to come easy when it comes to the Trump White house .
Dr. Ronny Jackson , the embattled pick to lead the Veterans Affairs agency , is not planning to withdraw their nomination as of now , a senior administration official said Tuesday .
The White House feels Jackson is being “ railroaded ” and will push back forcefully , the official said , adding that President Donald Trump is not wobbling over their selection .
A White House official said the White House will soon be putting out statements and letters from previous presidents and administration officials , pushing back on a day of stories against Jackson .
Trump met with Jackson on Tuesday in the Oval Office after saying it was “ totally ( Jackson 's ) decision ” whether to continue the confirmation process .
Earlier Tuesday , Trump conceded the one-time White House doctor faces major problems .
“ He is a high-quality person . It 's totally their decision . So he 'll be making a decision . I do n't want to put a man through a process like this . It 's too ugly and too disgusting , ” Trump said . “ So , we 'll see what happens . He 'll make a decision . ”
Trump spoke by phone with Jackson on Tuesday , two White House officials said , and told them it was up to them whether to withdraw .
“ I told Admiral Jackson just a little while ago , what do you need this for ? This is a vicious group of people , ” the President said . “ What do you need it for ? ”
Trump said if they were Jackson making the decision , they would step aside .
“ If I were him , I would n't do it , ” Trump said .
Trump was speaking as concerns mount over Jackson 's nomination . Senate Veterans Affairs Committee members are assessing allegations from whistleblowers that have told the panel about Jackson 's questionable behavior including excessive drinking and a “ toxic ” work environment under their leadership , according to two former White House medical staff members who have spoken with the committee .
Both sources who spoke with CNN told the committee about behavior they observed while working in the White House medical unit .
Trump said Tuesday they had n't heard particular allegations against Jackson but defended them and said they were being unfairly treated by the press and Democrats , though the concerns about Jackson also come from Republicans .
Jackson , Trump insisted , “ is one of the finest people I have ever met ” but acknowledged they lack prior background in running a government agency .
“ There 's a lack of experience , ” they said .
Behind the scenes
Though the White House publicly defended Jackson in a statement Tuesday morning , several officials have privately conceded that the President 's nominee to lead the Veterans Affairs department is in trouble . The White House drafted the statement supporting Jackson days ago — in preparation for any criticism during their hearing .
But after reports surfaced that their nomination could be upended by the allegations , the White House sent out the statement early .
Officials are aware in detail of the allegations lobbed against Jackson . They are continuing to discuss what to do going forward if Jackson does n't withdraw , and their nomination is still very much up in the air .
But other officials fear Jackson 's nomination is doomed . One said that having the White House defend them instead of simply pulling their nomination is worse , predicting more will come out and the beloved West Wing physician will go down in flames .
Several pointed to how difficult CIA Director Mike Pompeo 's confirmation process to head the State Department has been , even though they have the credentials for the job as the nation 's top diplomat .
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company , contributed to this report )
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Getty
On the United States ' side of Friday 's match with Panama , there 's an understandable concern about the possible clinching scenarios for the team to make its eighth consecutive trip to the World Cup .
But on Panama 's side , there 's a different feeling . There 's a chance to realize a dream that a country of 4 million has shared for 40 years : officially qualifying for soccer 's grandest stage .
In 10 previous attempts , Panama has never made it to the World Cup , instead watching Mexico and the United States dominate CONCACAF for the past quarter-century . But this time , Panama believes it has its greatest team yet , and one of its key pieces is goalkeeper Jaime Penedo .
For Penedo , not only is this their best chance at the World Cup , but at 36 years old , it 's also probably their last chance . Their task is straightforward : If they can lift their nation to victory over the Americans , Panama will be in the World Cup , a feat Penedo has said would be their greatest honor .
Here 's what you need to know about Jaime Penedo .
1 . He 's a Proud Christian
Penedo does n't get on their Twitter account very often , but when they do , there 's a good chance he 's going to post a Bible verse in their tweet . When their club team , Dinamo Bucuresti , won the final Cupa Ligii in May of 2017 , they posted a message thanking their fans and referencing the 16th Psalm , which begins with the line , “ Preserve me , O God , for in thee do I put my trust . ”
Gracias a todos por sus mensajes , me alegra saber que mi alegria tambien es la de ustedes . Se las comparto enteramente a to-dos . 🇵🇦 Salmo 16 pic.twitter.com/9R6kEkCZD6 — Jaime Penedo ( @ JaimePenedo26 ) May 21 , 2017
Their Twitter account leads with the phrase “ El Tiempo de Dios es perfecto para el que Cree ” , which translates to , “ The time of God is perfect for the believer . ”
2 . He 's Won an MLS Championship
United States coach Bruce Arena is certainly familiar with Penedo , because the former was the latter 's coach in MLS when Penedo helped the Galaxy to the 2014 MLS championship , making five saves as Los Angeles became the first team in MLS history to win five MLS titles .
The relationship ended in 2015 when the team and the player agreed by mutual consent that Penedo would leave . Since their departure , the Galaxy have not made it past the Western Conference semifinals . Even though they regretted the timing of their departure , Penedo was nothing but complementary on their way out of Los Angeles , thanking fans , players , coaches and stadium employees in both Spanish and English .
3 . They Currently Play in Romania
Following their departure from the Galaxy , Penedo first moved to Costa Rican club Saprissa before relocating to Romania and joining Dinamo Bucuresti of Romania 's top division . The move marks the second time that he 's played in Europe in their career , having spent one season in the Spanish second division with Osasuna B . In the process , they acquired a Spanish passport , making it easier for them to play in European leagues .
Despite that , he 's spent most of their career in Central America . Their greatest success at the club level came between 2008 and 2011 , where they won four season titles with CSD Municipal of Guatemala . At the national team level , their success came in 2009 , when Panama claimed the Copa Centroamericana over Costa Rica for its first title of any kind . In that match , Penedo played the hero , shutting out Costa Rica for 120 minutes and making a crucial save in the penalty shootout .
4 . They Missed Two Matches in September With an Injury
Friday 's match with the United States marked their first match with the national team since coming back from a quadriceps injury . Penedo 's injury to their right thigh kept them on the sidelines during the entirety of the Gold Cup , which saw Panama exit in the quarterfinals after drawing with the United States in the group stage , as well as for qualifiers against Mexico and Trinidad and Tobago .
The Canaleros powered through losing Penedo and earned a split in September by beating Trinidad and Tobago , putting them in their current position of third place in CONCACAF . With 10 points , Panama sits one point ahead of the United States with two matches remaning in the final qualifying round .
5 . He 's a Community-Minded Person
Even though they hold a Spanish passport and plays their soccer in Romania , Panama is never far from Penedo 's heart . They were born in the capital city , and today , they have a foundation that aims at giving disadvantaged youth in the country the space and equipment they need in order to pursue athletic endeavors .
Despite a relatively strong GDP , as much as 28 percent of Panama 's population is classified as either “ poor ” or “ very poor ” . Through their foundation , which they started in May , Penedo hopes to give the next generation of Panama an opportunity to better their own lives .
Details of Penedo 's current contract are not available , but their last known contract with Saprissa had them making $ 2.5 million , suggesting that they have the resources necessary to make their off-field dream of helping kids in their hometown a reality .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Toronto 's transit commission says the majority of its new streetcars have to be returned to their manufacturer for repairs .
The first 67 streetcars out of 89 produced for Toronto by Bombardier Transportation will be sent back for preventative repairs of `` inferior frame welds , '' TTC spokesperson Brad Ross said Wednesday .
The defect poses no safety risk `` in any way , '' they added .
`` ( Bombardier ) advised us last fall , '' Ross said . `` We directed them to develop a program for repair that will permanently fix the cars while minimizing service impacts . ''
The streetcars will be returned three or four at a time , and will all be fixed by 2022 , Ross said .
Bombardier will cover the cost of the repairs , which will take place at its Welding Centre of Excellence in La Pocatiere , Que. , company spokesperson Eric Prud'homme said .
`` Welding issues are not uncommon in the industry , but , in this case , Bombardier has been proactive and responsible to ensure the cars meet the expected longevity , all in full transparency with TTC and their riders , '' Prud'homme said .
Some 25 to 30 employees will work daily on this maintenance program until it is completed , delaying some of the planned layoffs , they said .
`` Until our preventive welding maintenance program is performed , we fully guarantee the strength of the existing welds . ''
The problem identified by Bombardier 18 months ago involves work completed in Mexico .
PLEASURE ISLAND , NC ( WWAY ) — Artists are helping little artists on Pleasure Island !
The Island Arts and Culture Alliance is a group of volunteers who work to raise awareness of art and culture in the area .
- Advertisement -
On Thursday , they presented Carolina Beach Elementary School with $ 1,000 for the music department to purchase 20 ukuleles .
In addition , the Arts and Culture Alliance also gave $ 750 to Montessori Elementary School for art and print supplies and $ 500 for their music department budget .
Three executives to leave GE in shake-up under new chief
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Robert W. Taylor , 85 , a Woodside resident for 34 years and a visionary in the development of computer networks and modern personal computing , died Thursday of complications of Parkinson 's disease , their son Kurt told the New York Times .
Taylor was instrumental in the formation of a computer network at the famed Advanced Research Projects Agency for the Department of Defense in the 1960s , and during the 1970s led a computer lab at the equally famous center of innovation , the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center ( PARC ) .
As head of a new research center in Palo Alto for Digital Equipment Corp. , Taylor was involved in the development of technologies that led to digital books , modern workstations , and the Java programming language .
In recognition of their achievements , Taylor was awarded the National Medal of Technology in 1999 and the Charles Stark Draper Prize in 2004 , the highest award of the National Academy of Engineering and one they share with Computer History Museum fellows Charles Thacker , Butler Lampson and Alan Kay .
In 2013 , they were inducted into the Computer History Museum Hall of Fellows in Mountain View .
See a comprehensive Almanac story on Taylor , written by Marion Softky in 2000 .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Were I on this trail a month from now , my antenna would be up for rattlesnakes . But this is early March , and those slithery devils are likely still coiled in their dens , awaiting warmer temperatures .
I 'm in Leslie Gulch in southeast Oregon , about two hours from the Treasure Valley . The area is famous for its hoodoos – towering columns of compressed volcanic ash . About 15 million years ago , two explosions blasted this material , along with fragments of solid rock , over a wide area . Those fragments , if large enough , protected the ash beneath them from rain and streams that eroded away the surrounding material , leaving spires and ribs of compacted ash and their capstones . Eventually , water will erode those too .
But that 's a long time off .
Today I 'm on a well-trod but unmarked trail for a spring hike . I 've hiked this trail before . It rises at a moderate incline , dead-ends at the base of a magnificent semicircle of jagged cliffs and can be completed in a little more than an hour .
Within yards of parking the car , I 'm in a dry wash that curves to the right . I am already a tiny presence in this landscape . High eroded cliffs to my left catch the sun . The trail meanders , rising out of the streambed to skirt some boulders , then dropping back down onto the small gravel . It 's easy to lose the trail in spots , but it follows the streambed the whole way so you 'll always come back to it .
The foliage here is high desert : sparse , green in the spring but brittle and brown by summer . A few juniper trees have found enough moisture to thrive . Sage and bitterbrush is more prolific . Wildflowers , mostly in the form of groundcover such as Blue-eyed Mary , are just beginning to bloom .
After about 20 minutes of walking , the trail turns left , up and into a side canyon . The hike is steeper here and requires a bit of scrambling . You may need to put your hands down a few times to maintain your balance .
Look straight ahead : that curved wall is your destination . The trail now is more difficult to follow , but you 're still in a dry wash. Maybe 30-50 yards in , a distinct path on the right side of the wash makes the final push to the base of the cliffs .
Upon arrival — I 've been hiking for about 30 minutes — I am utterly transported . The air is still . All sounds of the road disappear as they make their way up through the canyon . The cliffs — massive , dirty orange , some of them eroded , others sheer rock faces — tower overhead on three sides .
This is a good spot for a food break . Those cliffs , with their crags and notches , pull at me for further exploring . But today I 'll just have a long sit and head back down the trail .
Oh , about those snakes . They are out here . This area of southeast Oregon is hot and dry for much of the year , perfect rattlesnake climate . I returned in early April and Charlie Justus , regional conservation officer at Idaho Fish and Game , said he 's had reports of snake sightings at lower elevations . But the western rattlesnake , they say , is a generally docile creature — way more wary of you than you are of it . Still , they do n't like to feel threatened , so it 's best to take precautions . Just go slowly , watch where you step and put your hands , and you 'll be fine .
Getting there : From the intersection of U.S. 95 and Idaho 55 ( just west of Marsing ) , turn south onto 95 and drive about 23 miles to the Leslie Gulch sign at the bottom of the hill . Turn right and stay on that road for about 10.5 miles ; you 'll make a couple of turns — just follow the Leslie Gulch signs . At 10.5 miles , turn left onto Leslie Gulch road , and travel about 11.5 miles to the small turnout on your right , directly below those pinnacles . ( Log onto IdahoStatesman.com/outdoors for a photo of the parking site . ) Cross the dry streambed and head up the canyon .
Stats : The hike covers about 1.5 miles in and out , with an elevation gain of about 400 feet . It took about 1.5 hours . There are other marked and unmarked hikes in Leslie Gulch , some of which are much longer . Scott Marchant 's “ The Hiker 's Guide : Greater Boise ” has details . Leslie Gulch has 12 no-reservation campsites and a few bathrooms along the road . There is no water . The road dead-ends at a popular boat-launch spot at the Owhyee Reservoir .
MADEIRA BEACH , Fla. ( WSVN ) — A group of firefighters in central Florida have taken in a puppy after they were disfigured in a house fire .
Clover the puppy suffered from burns on their ears and body after something fell on them during a house fire in Alabama , Fox 13 reports . However , a local rescue group stepped in to cover their medical bills .
“ The Suncoast Animal League took care of her , did a great job of nursing them back to health , along with the rest of their litter , ” firefighter-paramedic John Sleppy told Fox 13 .
After they heard their story , firefighters from the Madeira Beach Fire Department decided to adopt Clover . They plan to train them to stop , drop and roll as a part of their new job helping kids and other members of the community learn important fire safety lessons .
The pup already seems to be connecting with the kids and members of the community .
“ We ran into a young child who saw the scars and they go , ‘ Oh I have scars , too . ' Their scars were from cancer , ” Sleppy said . “ She was just really , really loving with him . It was just cool to see them relate – two fighters . ”
Firefighters also said Clover helps them unwind after a hectic day .
“ In our line of work , we see things and do things that a lot of people do n't see in their entire lives and sometimes that can affect you , ” Sleppy said . “ It 's nice to come back to the station where it 's more like a home now when your dog 's always got a smile and wants to lick you . ”
The Madeira Beach Fire Department has created a Facebook page following Clover . For more information , click here .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
More than 11m people this year will apply for places at business schools . But the nature of what they are learning is changing . King 's College London will open its business school next month without offering an MBA programme , for decades the gold standard of general management education . Employers do n't want it , they say . They 'd rather “ more malleable ” recruits , younger , trainable talent . King 's is going to focus on snappier courses in more specific skills such as finance and digital management .
It has been a long time coming , but the one or two-year MBA course feels like the Grand Tour of business education in an age of Airbnb . Its graduates are being crowned with powdered wigs just as the digital revolutionaries are sharpening the guillotine .
I recently met an investment manager in New York who said they had decided never to hire another MBA . What they liked were smart young people from any field , whom they could train from nothing , and shield from groupthink , consensus and all the other wretched forces that leave people with that most destructive thought : “ This may be insane , but it 's just how things are done. ” That way lies broken companies and global financial crises .
But calling a crash in MBAs is risky . They and the schools that churn them out are survivors . Despite a long , and often well-deserved , reputation for being epically full of it , MBAs are very much with us , running important companies and institutions .
Last year , I went to my 10-year Harvard Business School reunion . Harvard does these things very well . A packed schedule of talks , lavishly catered meals , branded merchandise , activities for the kids . My peers had done a huge range of things . Some had gone off and made fortunes in hedge funds and private equity . Others had joined mighty Fortune 50 companies to sell breakfast cereal and credit cards , or headed west to Google and Amazon or raise heaps of venture money for their start-ups . One , a former Stealth bomber pilot , was now teaching leadership at a university in Idaho and delighted by how it had all turned out . Most were married with children . They seemed a very happy bunch .
Yet the lurking question was what had Harvard had to do with it ? These were all highly motivated , well-educated people . If HBS did not exist , their lives would probably have been no different . They would have done exactly what they did — made money and run things . By the time they got to Harvard , they were 99 per cent of the way there . Harvard Business School kicked them into the upper reaches of the 1 per cent .
MBA programmes spin a good line about their graduates leading positive change . But their obsession with network building suggests they are really about heaving open the gap between haves and have nots that little bit wider .
In my very first finance course at Harvard , I was taught by Mihir Desai , now a lofty full professor at both Harvard Business School and Harvard Law School . In their new book The Wisdom of Finance , they write about how many of their MBA students avoid risk in order to retain their “ optionality ” , a concept they had picked up from finance .
They “ end up , ” Prof Desai says , “ remaining in companies . . . that were initially intended as way stations that would create more optionality on the path to their actual entrepreneurial , social , or political goals . They often end up saying to themselves , ‘ Why not stay another year and create more options for down the road ? ' The tool that was supposed to lead to more risk-taking ends up preventing it. ” Instead of swaggering out into the world , too many hides , frustrated , in services companies .
In their new memoir , It Takes a Tribe , Will Dean says that entrepreneurs learn by doing , while MBAs fail by over-thinking
Will Dean , the founder of the wildly popular Tough Mudder obstacle races , graduated from HBS in 2008 . Their professors called their business plan for Tough Mudder “ too optimistic ” and “ simplistic ” . They advised them to be a management consultant . Hundreds of races , and hundreds of millions of dollars in sales later , Mr Dean has proved them spectacularly wrong .
In their new memoir , It Takes a Tribe , they say that entrepreneurs learn by doing , while MBAs fail by over-thinking . They describe the “ marshmallow challenge ” set by Peter Skillman , a former head of design at the smartphone company Palm . A team of four or five people is asked to build the tallest possible structure using 20 strands of dry spaghetti , a roll of tape , a ball of string and a marshmallow , in 18 minutes . Mr Skillman found the most successful were children just out of kindergarten . They immediately began building , and if their tower collapsed , they would build again . The worst were recent MBA graduates . They would start by arguing about who had the most expertise , then sketch blueprints and make calculations before constructing a tower . If it collapsed , they had no time left to start over .
Life in business these days , even at big companies , is a succession of marshmallow challenges , rapid prototyping in search of solutions to keep up with the fevered pace of technological change and global competition . Business schools are frantically advertising their reinvention with innovation hubs and design labs . But their core product — the cozy , languid , option-rich MBA programme — looks in need of a reboot .
The writer , a managing director at Banco Santander , is author of ‘ What They Teach You at Harvard Business School '
This website uses cookies . Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
MIDLOTHIAN , Va. ( WSVN ) — A deaf Publix employee says they were punched by a customer because they could n't hear the woman 's question .
Liberty Gratz is deaf , and said they could not hear the woman asking where to find an item in the store . Liberty was kneeling to straighten items on a shelf when they felt a punch .
“ All of a sudden , I felt some woman hit me in my back , ” Liberty said , with their mother Jeanette interpreting to WRIC .
“ She does n't have that peripheral vision , so she 's really focused on their work , ” Jeanette said . “ She does n't always notice the people beside her . ”
Liberty helped the woman find what they needed , using a pad of paper to communicate with shoppers .
“ At this point Liberty was stunned , but turned and told the lady they could n't hear by pointing to their ear and shaking their head no , ” Jeanette told the News & Observer . “ She handed the lady a pen and paper so they could tell them what they needed , then showed them where it was . They said the lady still acted and looked angry while they were helping her . ”
Liberty said Publix took the matter seriously and searched security camera footage , but were unable to identify the customer who hit them
“ They kept looking again and again and again , but you could n't see because there were so many people blocking the camera , ” Liberty said through their mom 's interpreting . “ It was hard for me to really see their face to make sure it was the right person . ”
Jeanette and Liberty said they want to talk to the woman about treating people with kindness , both with and without disabilities .
“ I know hurt people usually are the ones that hurt people , ” Jeanette told WRIC . “ And so whoever it is , they 've been prayed for . I will continue to pray for them , and I hope that things get better in their life so they can be better to other people . ”
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
This is because ; donating blood reduces the energy level of the individual and makes sexual activities unsafe for men within the period .
Blood donors , especially men , have been advised to avoid any sexual activity within 24 hours after donating blood .
The Volta Regional Blood Donor Organiser , Mr Vincent Kwasi Fekpe , gave this advice at the sixth MTN Blood Donation exercise in the Volta Regional capital , Ho , to mark this year 's Valentine Day events .
They said ladies and women have no restriction because , “ they only receive but our guys and men must not try it . You may collapse and be brought back to the hospital . ”
Hundreds of young people , mainly Senior High School students donated blood to stock the Volta Regional Hospital Blood Bank during the exercise .
Mr Raymond Tibson , MTN Sales Manager in charge of the Volta Region said the annual event was to contribute to saving lives .
They said the target was to collect 2017 pints of blood nationwide through the 12 MTN blood donation centres across the country on Valentine Day .
Mr Tibson said since 2012 , MTN has collected 3,715 pints of blood nationwide and expressed gratitude to the donors .
Senator Mark C. Montigny ( D-New Bedford ) and Representative Robert Koczera are pleased to announce that several Southcoast cities and towns will receive assistance under the Student Awareness of Fire Education ( SAFE ) and Senior SAFE programs . The Mattapoisett Fire Department is set to receive $ 6,541 .
Since implementing the SAFE Program twenty years ago , annual child fire-related deaths have been reduced by an astounding 70 percent . Senior SAFE Programs were also created just three years ago , and it is expected that similar positive impacts will also occur for senior fire-related deaths .
“ Ensuring our children and seniors receive basic fire prevention training , including basic home safety and how to respond in case of a fire , is crucial towards preventing fire-related deaths , ” said Senator Montigny . “ We will continue to support this program in the legislature to help protect the well-being of residents most at-risk from harm . ”
“ I am pleased New Bedford has been awarded SAFE grants to continue to provide important , lifesaving training to New Bedford school children and senior citizens . These grants make children and seniors aware of what to do should a fire occur , ” Representative Robert Koczera said , “ and could result in the saving of a life . I will continue to advocate for these funds . ”
Vidyut Jammwal celebrated their 37th birthday on the sets of their upcoming action-thriller Junglee in Thailand and the crew surprised the birthday boy with a chocolate and vanilla cake and broke into a mini party .
Check out the pictures below !
The intense new Pacific Rim Uprising trailer stunned the New York Comic Con 2017 audience when it premiered on Friday afternoon ! The sequel to the 2013 original gets fresh look as the new crew plans to battle the Kaiju during the Apocalypse ( yes , it has officially returned ) .
“ We were born into a world at war . Between the monsters that destroyed our cities and the monsters we created to stop them , we thought we had sacrificed enough , ” Jake Penecost , the son of Idris Elba 's fallen Jaeger pilot Stacker Pentecost ( played by rising star—no pun intended—John Boyega ) says in the trailer . “ But the war we thought we finished is just beginning , and the only thing standing in front of the apocalypse is us. ” Set to the tone of Vince Staples ' `` War Ready , '' the clip is packed with massive war scenes as Boyega 's team fight to save what 's left of their city .
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : India supreme court ousts top cricket officials
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Actor and bluegrass singer Steve Martin teams with a pair of fellow Saturday Night Live veterans , Bill Hader and Cecily Strong , in the Steep Canyon Rangers ' new video for “ Caroline . ”
In the video , Strong and Hader play a freshly broken-up couple that reenters the dating world , with Strong 's
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com : See Steve Martin 's ‘ Caroline ' Video With Bill Hader , Cecily Strong
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
How Highland Park native went from 'movie-crazy kid ' to 'Menashe ' producer
hello
Highland Park native Alex Lipschultz opted to leave the corporate culture of Hollywood studios for the life of an indie film producer .
Highland Park native Alex Lipschultz opted to leave the corporate culture of Hollywood studios for the life of an indie film producer .
While studying movies at Highland Park High School , Alex Lipschultz realized their taste in cinema already veered more toward the eccentric and less toward the mainstream .
`` I was seeing a lot of Hollywood movies then , '' Lipschultz remembered , `` and they were quite silly . ''
One day , they discovered the reviews of Roger Ebert , dean of Chicago 's film critics .
`` He wrote this wonderful column called 'The Great Movies ' where they would review older films considered to be masterpieces , '' Lipschultz said . `` I would read their articles , then seek out these movies . By the time I got to film school , it kinda ramped up from there . ''
Lipschultz has been ramping up ever since .
Their new movie , `` Menashe , '' a drama shot on location in Brooklyn 's Hasidic community in Borough Park , plays this week at five Chicago and Northwest suburban theaters .
The story is based on the experiences of Hasidic Jew Menashe Lustig , a widower grocery clerk fighting for custody of their son in a tradition-bound culture requiring a mom to be in every home .
Lipschultz produced the indie project and worked on the screenplay , the first time he 's written one .
Weirdly enough , Lipschultz learned all about directing , writing and acting for movies as a film student at Boston University ( where they met future `` Menashe '' director Joshua Z. Weinstein ) , but they never considered a career as a producer . It 's quite a different job from directing .
`` I like to say that the director is like the captain who charts where the ship starts and where it goes , '' they said .
`` As a producer , your job is to hire the crew to build the ship and operate it , then keep it from hitting the rocks . ''
Lipschultz , 33 , more or less lives in New York but spends most of their time in other places . Last month alone , they flew to eight countries .
They said they return at least one month a year to visit their parents , Stephen and Leslie Lipschultz , who still live in the house where they grew up .
`` I was a child of the '80s on the North Shore , which , at the time , felt like the epicenter of the cinematic world because there were so many great comedies being made in that area , '' they said .
They cited movies by John Hughes , Chris Columbus and Harold Ramis .
While in Highland Park , the future filmmaker made a remarkably astute observation that forged their career .
`` I grew up in a place where my neighbors included doctors , lawyers , accountants , entrepreneurs and stockbrokers who had a lot of money , '' they said .
`` But they did not seem all that happy . I realized at a very young age that accruing millions of dollars was not something that was really important to me . With the years I have on this planet , it felt more important to do something I felt passionate about . ''
That would be the movies .
Lipschultz described themselves as `` just a movie-crazy kid '' who would hit mall theaters with friends for a movie or two on the weekends .
They thought about going into computer science but realized they did n't want to spend their life in a cubicle .
`` Movies seemed like something worth taking a shot at . I knew it was going to be an enormously uphill battle , and frankly , it 's still an enormously uphill battle . ''
They tried working within the Hollywood studio system by being hired to work on productions for Warner Bros. , Universal and Sony Pictures . They were fired from several productions ( read more about this in the sidebar ) , including Seth Rogen 's justly maligned reboot of `` The Green Hornet . ''
So , they quit the studio gig and entered the indie film world as a producer .
`` I came to the conclusion that I 'm better off being the boss than working for people who do n't really value the contributions of people working for them , '' Lipschultz said .
Nonetheless , the Highland Park native recognizes that even a lower-level studio job would make them more money than what an indie film producer makes .
`` But it comes back to realizing that money and quality of life are not necessarily connected , '' they said .
• Dann Gire and Jamie Sotonoff are always looking for suburbanites in showbiz who would make good stories . If you know of someone , contact them at dgire @ dailyherald.com and jsotonoff @ dailyherald.com .
There is something in bloom at Vizcaya … and we are n't talking about the flowers . It 's art , and you can have a hand in how it 's done .
Calling all artists and wan na be artists ! Vizcaya Museum and Gardens wants you to be part of their latest project , “ Bloom : A Caretaker 's Diary . ”
Gina Wouters , curator : “ We have a community workshop , and people are creating these illuminated structures that are telling the story of Vizcaya Village . ”
These are n't puppets — they are works of art that light up .
Gina Wouters : “ People are coming here and creating art pieces that will be shown in a precessional on Saturday night . ”
Last year , the folks at Vizcaya hosted a similar event — but this year the art is bigger and brighter .
Gina Wouters : “ The goal for all of this is to bring people together , to show them what they are really capable of making . ”
And best of all — they do n't want pros to make them .
Gina Wouters : “ This is from start to finish , regular , laypeople people who are making these pieces . You do n't have to be skilled at all . ”
Twice a day , folks have been coming to help make the structures before the show this coming Saturday .
Gina Wouters : “ You come one day , you work on it , and then the next day , someone else may be working on it . It 's a very collaborative approach with little ownership over one thing . ”
Sandra Molkentin , artist : “ We think it 's great . It 's a nice way to enjoy time with friends and have a good laugh and get a chance to meet nice people . It 's a nice project they presented here in South Florida , and it 's nice to be a part of it . ”
Once the pieces are built , paper mached and painted — it 's showtime .
Gina Wouters : “ The performance is going to be all of these illuminated pieces coming together at twilight . So when it 's dark here in the Village and the lighting the grounds . ”
Everyone is invited to help create the pieces and to carry them throughout the event .
Gina Wouters : “ The workshops are free , and if you come and participate in the workshop , the performance is free . And if you are n't participating in the workshop , it 's $ 10 to attend the performance . ”
It 's culture , it 's Miami history and — it wo n't break the bank .
There is only one more workshop day to create the structures . And the performance is Saturday night from 8:30 p.m. to 10 p.m .
FOR MORE INFO :
Bloom : A Caretaker 's Diary at Vizcaya Museum and Gardens
3251 South Miami Ave .
Miami , FL 33129
305-250-9133
http : //vizcaya.org/processional-arts-workshop-bloom.asp
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
President Donald Trump pauses while speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House in Washington , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 . Republican activists are rallying around their reponse to a white nationalist rally that has drawn widespread criticism . Evan Vucci AP
Buck the dog was officially transferred to their new home in a breed-specific animal rescue Monday morning .
Buck was facing euthanasia after biting a child twice in late April . They were brought to the T. Russell Reitz Animal Shelter and was originally not allowed to be adopted again due to a city policy regarding animals that have a tendency to attack or cause injury . However , after an outpour of public pressure commissioners changed their mind .
“ We appreciate the community 's support during this decision period while selecting the best placement for Buck , ” said Manhattan City Manager Ron Fehr .
According to the Manhattan City Manager 's Office , the rescue where Buck has been taken wishes to remain anonymous .
From Virginia State Police : FARMVILLE , Va. – An ongoing investigation by the Piedmont Regional Drug and Gang Task Force resulted in the arrest of a Farmville man after the discovery of stolen items and a suspicious device inside their residence . At approximately 9 p.m. , Monday ( April 23 ) , task force members executed a search warrant at a residence in the 300 block of South Virginia Street in the town of Farmville . During the search of the residence , an improvised explosive device was located inside the home . A bomb technician with the Virginia State Police Bureau of Criminal Investigation 's Appomattox Field Office responded to the residence to investigate and render safe the device . Task force investigators also seized as evidence from the residence a small amount of marijuana , numerous assault-style rifles , body armor , ballistic helmets and communications equipment .
Robert N. Baldwin III , 49 , was taken into custody without incident . They have been charged with two counts of grand larceny , one count of possession of an explosive device and one count of possession of marijuana . They are currently being held at Piedmont Regional Jail . The investigation remains ongoing by the Piedmont Regional Drug and Gang Task Force and additional charges are pending . The task force includes the Farmville Police Department , Longwood University Police Department , Buckingham County Sheriff 's Office , Cumberland County Sheriff 's Office , Prince Edward County Sheriff 's Office and the Virginia State Police Bureau of Criminal Investigation 's Appomattox Field Office .
“ You Ca n't Turn That Into A House ” on FYI takes home improvement to a new level : transforming old grain silos , chicken coops , a dumpster and more into tiny houses .
Here & Now ‘ s Robin Young learns more about the show from hosts Taimoor Nana ( @ taimoor_nana ) , Rehan Nana and Kyle Davis .
Interview Highlights
On the concept behind the show
Taimoor Nana : “ This story started off about 10 years ago , and the three of us were sitting around and we had an old grain bin , and a 100-year-old wooden barn that had been partially collapsed due to a tornado — we live here in the Midwest . And we wanted to really take the two and combine them together , and we came up with the design of taking a grain bin and making it into a luxury , two-story cabin that we felt people from the city could come out and enjoy the wilderness , where we really wanted to basically connect people to nature , and the process of building cabins out in the wilderness . ”
On the theme of sustainability in the show and the houses they create
Rehan Nana : “ There 's definitely that aspect . We 've all had long discussions about this , and one of the things that we really enjoy is being able to reuse things that would 've otherwise been left fallow . If you look across the Midwest , there 's literally thousands of old grain silos that , just by the progress of agriculture , they get bigger . And so all these old ones are just left there . And so we looked at them and said , ‘ Hey , I think we can turn that into a house , ' and we actually did end up doing it . And what 's really nice is , a lot of these are out in the country , and so you really get to see a great glimpse of rural America . ”
On whether it can be a dangerous job
Kyle Davis : “ I mean it is , it is for sure . But you know , it 's really a different scenario every single time . I really , I guess just do n't like following rules and doing it how everyone else does with a full crew taking months and months on end and hundreds of thousands of dollars . I 'd rather do it with two brothers out in the country , maybe a couple farmers , and get it done in a week . ”
On seeing a potential home when others might see junk
RN : “ We all kind of look at things differently I think , in all of these different structures . And you get to really see when we sit down collaboratively , and start spitballing the potential that an object does have , and I think it 's something that I always enjoy because it 's breaking something back down . It 's almost like being a kid again . Like , you know , getting to play with Legos and imagining what something could be . And I think that when you 're looking at a structure to try to turn it into a house , that 's one of the critical things that you have to do is not imagine what it is now , but imagine what it could be . ”
On building a house out of a dumpster
KD : “ We cleared out the trash , and then Rehan got in there with a gigantic , heavy-duty power washer that was the full size of a pickup truck , and just power-washed the thing as good as we possibly could , and it really cleaned up pretty nice in the end . It was n't a dumpster , it was just a nice metal box to get started building the house . ”
On the idea of putting their homebuilding skills to use after hurricanes like Harvey and Maria
KD : “ We had some people writing to us saying , ‘ Hey , what can we … let 's work on something , ' and we 've kicked around the idea of maybe we do make some portable , prefab housing that could be shipped to disaster areas . I think that would be a really interesting project and challenge to work on . ”
Follow @ insidefutbol
Anderlecht head coach Hein Vanhaezebrouck has revealed that Liverpool loanee Lazar Markovic will need more than a month to get ready to play again .
The Serbia winger has not played a single minute of senior football since returning from a loan stint at Hull at the end of last season and was nowhere near Jurgen Klopp 's plans at Liverpool .
Markovic completed a late loan move to Anderlecht on Wednesday , with the Belgian giants not even having enough time to put them through a thorough medical check .
An intervention from the Liverpool medical team allowed Markovic to join Anderlecht on the last hours of transfer deadline day .
And fresh questions have been raised over the winger 's overall match readiness as Vanhaezebrouck admits it will be more than a month before Markovic can play for their new club .
“ Markovic needs four or five or six weeks before they will be ready ” , the Anderlecht head coach was quoted as saying Belgian daily Het Laatste Nieuws .
The 23-year-old , who was highly rated when Liverpool signed them from Benfica , made just one appearance for Liverpool Under-23s this term before leaving on loan .
FOXBOROUGH , Mass . — Teal Bunbury scored on a penalty kick in the 88th minute as the New England Revolution tied Atlanta United 1-1 on Wednesday night .
New England ( 5-4-4 ) has one win in its last five games — with two straight draws . Atlanta ( 8-3-2 ) had won four straight on the road .
Krisztian Nemeth drew the late foul in the corner of the penalty box after capitalizing on a defensive turnover . Atlanta goalkeeper Brad Guzan chose the right direction but Bunbury found the upper-right corner . Guzan was given a yellow card for kicking the ball into the stands after the goal .
Josef Martinez opened the scoring for Atlanta in the 23rd minute by redirecting Julian Gressel 's cross . It was Martinez 's league-leading ninth goal of the season .
Jon Huntsman Sr. speaks to reporters at a 2014 news conference in Salt Lake City . Rick Bowmer AP
Actress Gabrielle Union has had `` eight or nine miscarriages , '' according to an essay published in their new book .
In the book , Union , who is 44 , described their struggles with fertility and in vitro fertilization ( IVF ) , according to People magazine .
`` For three years , my body has been a prisoner of trying to get pregnant — I 've either been about to go into an IVF cycle , in the middle of an IVF cycle , or coming out of an IVF cycle , '' Union wrote in the book , `` We 're Going to Need More Wine '' ( HarperCollins , 2017 ) . `` I have had eight or nine miscarriages , '' they wrote . [ 6 Myths About Miscarriage ]
Up to 20 percent of known pregnancies ( in other words , when a woman knows they are pregnant ) end in miscarriage , according to the Mayo Clinic . The actual number of miscarriages , however , is probably higher , because many occur very early in pregnancy , before a woman knows they are pregnant , the Mayo Clinic says . But what causes miscarriages ? And what factors raise a woman 's risk ?
The most common cause of miscarriage — which is the spontaneous loss of a fetus before the 20th week of pregnancy — is genetic problems that arise when the fetus is developing , according to the National Library of Medicine . ( After the 20th week , the spontaneous loss of a fetus is considered a stillbirth . ) These faulty genes are rarely inherited from the mother or the father ; rather , the errors occur when the cells of an embryo or a fetus are rapidly dividing . This is especially the case for mothers who have had multiple miscarriages , according to a 2012 study of nearly 500 women that was published in the journal Human Reproduction .
These types of miscarriages have nothing to do with the mother 's health or activities ; rather , they result from events that occur by chance , according to the Mayo Clinic .
Doctors refer to two or more consecutive miscarriages as `` recurrent pregnancy loss , '' according to UCLA Health . Recurrent pregnancy loss sometimes may be caused by genetic abnormalities in the mother , UCLA Health says , but in more than half of the women with the condition , the cause is unknown . A study from March , published in the journal Mitochondrial DNA Part A , found that recurrent pregnancy loss may be linked to genetic mutations in a woman 's mitochondrial DNA . ( Mitochondria are the energy powerhouses of cells and have their own DNA separate from the rest of the cell . )
Women with recurrent pregnancy loss have a higher risk of miscarriages , according to the Mayo Clinic .
Certain health conditions can also raise a woman 's risk of miscarriage , including uncontrolled diabetes , infections , hormonal problems , uterine or cervical problems , and thyroid disease , according to the Mayo Clinic .
Age is also a risk factor for miscarriage : A 35-year-old woman has about a 20 percent risk of having a miscarriage ; a 40-year-old woman has about a 40 percent risk ; and a 45-year-old woman has about an 80 percent risk , the Mayo Clinic says .
Smoking , drinking and using drugs also increase a woman 's risk of having a miscarriage , according to the National Library of Medicine .
Original article on Live Science .
1:42 Water gushes at California 's Lake Oroville dam Pause
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam , hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
1:48 Trucks , helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
2:06 Mayor , residents react to Wal-Mart 's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
The driver of a Toyota Sienna was killed in a crash on May 7 , 2018 in west Las Vegas . ( Austin Turner / FOX5 )
A 48-year-old man killed in a crash in west Las Vegas May 7 has been identified by medical examiners .
According to the Clark County Coroner 's Office , Javier Vargas , Sr. died in the crash . The manner was ruled an accident .
Las Vegas Metro police responded to the crash at 3:40 p.m. on Flamingo Road and Marble Ridge Drive , near Desert Inn Road . A 2017 Jeep Wrangler , driven by a 17-year-old , was traveling southbound on Flamingo Road when it struck a 1998 Toyota Sienna , driven by Vargas , attempting to make a left turn . Both vehicles overturned .
Police said the Jeep was driving at high speed .
Vargas was pronounced dead at the scene , police . The teen was treated for minor injuries at University Medical Center .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Though Reese 's Peanut Butter Cups may be the most popular Halloween candy in the US this year each state is partial to a different sweet . A new study publishes by Influenster lists the most popular candies state by state . The product review site asked 40,000 people what their favorite candies were then organized them by state . Here are some of the results :
Texas — Candy corn
California — Lifesavers
Minnesota — 100 Grand Bar
Pennsylvania — Swedish Fish
Colorado — Milky Way
For the full list you can click here .
Via Business Insider
GREEN BAY , Wis. — The Green Bay Packers have signed free agent offensive lineman Byron Bell , adding a versatile veteran to beef up depth .
The 29-year-old Bell played last season with the Dallas Cowboys , appearing in 12 games and making two starts at left tackle . They missed the entire 2016 season after injuring their ankle during off-season workouts with the Tennessee Titans .
The Packers released lineman Jacob Alsadek , an undrafted rookie free agent out of Arizona , to make room for Bell on Wednesday .
Green Bay is short on experienced depth up front . Starting right tackle Bryan Bulaga missed the second half of the 2017 season with a knee injury , while right guard Jahri Evans is a free agent after one season with the Packers .
Injuries also kept out the Packers ' top two backup tackles , Jason Spriggs and Kyle Murphy , for much of 2017 .
Bell started all 16 games for Tennessee in 2016 , playing at left guard and both tackle positions . They entered the league as an undrafted free agent with Carolina in 2011 out of New Mexico .
Bell started 56 of 62 games for the Panthers over the next four seasons , playing both tackle positions .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license . Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Dressmakers have better 3D or “ stereoscopic ” vision than non-dressmaking professionals , a new study suggests .
Stereoscopic vision is the brain 's ability to decode the flat 2D optical information received by both eyes to give us the depth of perception needed to thread a needle , catch a ball , park a car , and generally navigate a 3D world .
Using computerized perceptual tasks , researchers tested the stereoscopic vision of dressmakers and other professionals , and found dressmakers to be the most eagle-eyed .
The results , appearing in the journal Scientific Reports , show dressmakers to be 80 percent more accurate than non-dressmakers at calculating the distance between themselves and the objects they were looking at , and 43 percent better at estimating the distance between objects .
“ We found dressmakers have superior stereovision , perhaps because of the direct feedback involved with fine needlework , ” says study lead author Adrien Chopin , a postdoctoral researcher in visual neuroscience at the University of California , Berkeley .
What researchers are still determining is whether dressmaking sharpens stereoscopic vision , or whether dressmakers are drawn to the trade because of their visual stereo-acuity , Chopin says .
To experience what it means to have stereoscopic vision , focus on a visual target . Now blink one eye while still staring at your target . Then blink the other eye . The background should appear to shift position . With stereoscopic vision , the brain 's visual cortex merges the 2D viewpoints of each eye into one 3D image .
It has generally been assumed that surgeons , dentists , and other medical professionals who perform precise manual procedures would have superior stereovision . But previous studies have shown this not to be the case .
That spurred Chopin to investigate which professions would produce or attract people with superior stereovision , and led them to dressmakers .
A better understanding of dressmakers ' stereoscopic superpowers will inform ongoing efforts to train people with visual impairments such as amblyopia or “ lazy eye ” to strengthen their stereoscopic vision , Chopin says .
In addition to helping people with sight disorders , improved stereoscopic vision may be key to the success of military fighters , athletes , and other occupations that require keen hand-eye coordination . An estimated 10 percent of people suffer from some form of stereoscopic impairment , and 5 percent suffer from full stereo blindness , Chopin says .
For example , the 17th-century Dutch painter Rembrandt , whose self-portraits occasionally showed them with one lazy eye , is thought to have suffered from stereo blindness , rendering them with flat vision . Some vision scientists have posited that painters tend to have poorer stereovision , which gives them an advantage working in 2D .
For the study , participants viewed objects on a computer screen through a stereoscope and judged the distances between objects , and between themselves and the objects . Researchers recorded their visual precision and found that , overall , dressmakers performed markedly better than their non-dressmaker counterparts in visual acuity .
Additional coauthors of the study are from UC Berkeley and the University of Geneva .
Source : UC Berkeley
1:48
Cal Poly grad 's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
An Island Coast High School senior has been selected to play in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade .
Nancy Cepero is a graduate of the Music for Minors Foundation , which showed up to their school Friday to hand them a surprise .
`` We heard a little rumor that they might have gotten into the Macy 's All-American Marching Band in the fall , and we wanted to help them out by giving them a check for $ 1,000 to cover the fees to go . ''
Nancy attended a summer camp this year and was chosen to play the saxophone with the All-American Band .
`` Overwhelmed ! I 'm shaking ! Like it 's crazy to think this is going to happen and I 'm going to be in New York for Thanksgiving , '' they said .
They want to attend college to study music .
You 'll be able to watch the parade at 9 a.m. Thanksgiving morning on our sister station , NBC2 .
© Copyright 2017 WBBH/WZVN ( Waterman Broadcasting ) . All rights reserved .
If you are interested in writing and live in the New Orleans area join Southern Christian Writers in the Gospel Bookstore . Published authors offer insights bi-monthly . Critique sessions bi-monthly to refine the craft of writing . All genre of Christian writing welcome .
CRYSTAL RIVER , Fla. ( WSVN ) — While many Floridians donned their sweaters and boots as temperatures plunged throughout the state , humans were n't the only ones seeking warmth !
Manatees in Crystal River , about 75 miles north of Tampa , huddled together for warmth at Three Sisters Springs , Fox 13 reports .
Video captured by Discover Crystal River Florida on Facebook showed the manatees gathered closely next to one another .
Temperatures in the area dipped into the low 30s over the weekend as a cold front swept through the Sunshine State .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
( Photo by Paras Griffin/Getty Images for 20th Century Fox )
Listen to the Joe Clair Morning Show all week for your chance to win a Family 4-Pack of passes to check out Ferdinand .
Ferdinand tells the story of a giant bull with a big heart . The movie is kid-friendly ( rated PG ) and hits theaters on December 15 .
Courtesy of 20th Century Fox
Merry Cannon was excited to be joining their husband on a business trip to Germany and France , blissfully unaware of the surprise that would be awaiting them on their return home .
The 36-year-old from Arkansas said the trip was a big deal as their two young children , ages 1 and 5 , were accompanying them .
Unfortunately , their holiday had gotten off to a bumpy start . The family was scheduled to fly from Fayetteville , Arkansas , on American Airlines early on March 5 , but the flight was eventually canceled due to a broken windshield . As a result , they missed their connecting flight in Chicago .
Hours later , they were finally rebooked on a different flight to Chicago , but the plane then sat on the runway for an hour before departing . Cannon says the family was bumped to business and first class “ for all the trouble . ”
Upon their arrival at Chicago , they were called to report to the American Airlines customer service desk where they were told their seats “ had been given up. ” It took hours to get rebooked , and they did n't fly out until 10 p.m. the next day . As a result , they had to skip the whole leg of the trip to Germany and fly into Brussels , then rent a car and drive two hours to Lille , France .
But all of these inconveniences paled into insignificance when it came to getting hold of their luggage .
“ They lost our luggage for five days , ” Cannon told news.com.au . “ The night before we were leaving for London to return home , it was delivered at 10:30 p.m . Honestly , by then it was comical and my husband joked that at least when we get home we wo n't have all that laundry to do . ”
Little did they know what extra surprise would be waiting for them inside the bag .
“ When we returned home in Arkansas I immediately went to the American Airlines customer assistance desk to report how awful my bag smelt . I actually told them that it smelt like something had died . I , of course , did n't think that was actually the case . ”
They claim the staff member told them the smell may be from it getting wet while it sat for days on the runway .
“ He thought it was mold , but even said it smelled far worse than that . ”
They pondered whether waste from the lavatory could have spilled on it . Either way , they allege they were told to go and wash the bag and its contents to see if it would come clean . Then they were to file a claim through the airline 's baggage claim department , ensuring nothing was thrown away as it would need to be sent to the airline .
So off they went to begin a cleaning attempt that proved futile — and horrifying .
“ When we returned home , we took the bag to our back porch because the smell was so horrendous . I began to wash the clothes . I washed one load three times in bleach , vinegar , OxiClean and Tide .
“ I finally decided whatever was on them would not come clean . I placed all those clothes in ( garbage ) bags . I grabbed more clothes in hopes that maybe the bottom of the bag did n't get wet , so they would come clean .
“ When I grabbed the clothes is when I saw the rat . I have never screamed and cried so much in my life . I ran inside and began scrubbing my hands and arms . I had touched the things in this bag because American Airlines told me to just wash everything . ”
Cannon called the airline and claims they were simply told to write everything down and their claim would be expedited in two to three days . They refused to touch the items anymore and the staff member agreed and said they would handle it .
Later that day , they contacted the Department of Health for advice seeing as the items were brought inside their house .
“ Literally for three minutes the health inspector just repeated , ‘ OMG . This is horrible . I do n't even know what to say , I 'm so sorry . I 'm thinking . '
“ Finally when I asked if the rat needed to be tested they said that because we do n't even know what country the rat is from that they would n't even know where to start . I then asked if I should be concerned and they said , ‘ The biggest concern would be the plague . ' That never even entered my mind . ”
The other main concern was fleas ; they were told that rats always carry fleas , which carry disease .
“ The one positive thing they did tell me was , ‘ a dead rat is better than a live rat . ' You can probably imagine how comforting that was to me . They told me that where we live burning garbage is illegal , but the bag and all the belongings needed to be burned immediately . ”
After that conversation , they contacted the airline again to confirm their bag would be dropped off and that they would be compensated for it all . They agreed .
“ The man reassured me that they would and to dispose of it all . ”
It took four hours to fill out the paperwork the airline required to deal with their case . A week later , they called them again and left message after message .
“ Finally they told me that they would give me $ 1,600 , which is the maximum international payout . My bag and its belongings totaled $ 3,217 . To me that 's crazy that international has a payout that is about half as much as domestic , ” they said .
“ The whole trip with American Airlines was a bit of a nightmare and the rat in the bag was , for lack of better words , the cherry on top !
“ I along with my husband travel fairly often and I can honestly say this is the worst thing we have experienced . To me it 's not so much the money , it 's the lack of respect they have . That customers are disposable and they are big enough that they just do n't care . They do n't have to make things right . ”
News.com.au has contacted American Airlines for comment .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Go back in time ? We can , but not by much
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
ABC/Rick Rowell ( NEW YORK ) — The Force was strong at Los Angeles ' Shrine Auditorium Saturday night for the world premiere of the highly anticipated eighth installment of the Star Wars franchise , Star Wars : The Last Jedi .
“ This feels just as overwhelming , ” Daisy Ridley , who returns as Rey , told reporters of being back on the carpet for their second Star Wars film . “ This feels just as overwhelming , ” they admitted before joking , “ I need to sit down and … be alone for a while . ”
The evening was dedicated to Carrie Fisher , who played Leia and who died last December .
“ I want to dedicate tonight to Carrie , who is up there right now flipping me the bird , saying , ‘ Damn it Rian , do n't you dare make this night a solemn tribute , ' ” the film 's writer and director , Rian Johnson , said on stage ahead of the screening .
“ I 'm very proud of the movie , so I 'm very confident of that . Obviously , I 'm really nervous . I hope they like it , ” Johnson told ABC News before taking the stage . “ That 's the whole reason that we do this , is to get people like a good Star Wars movie they can enjoy , so … I 'm feeling good , overall . I know I 'm really proud of it . ”
Star Domhnall Gleeson , who plays Gen. Armitage Hux in the film , waited until Saturday to see the final product with fans .
“ I want to sit in with them and hear my first experience of this movie — to hear all the gasps , to hear the laughs , to see everybody lifting their seat for the exciting moments . I want that to be my first experience of it , so I 'm really happy I waited , ” they said .
And as for who exactly is the titular Last Jedi ? Ridley tells ABC News , “ Rian has said a number of times that the last Jedi is Luke , but no one believes him . Believe the director ! ”
ABC News and Lucasfilm are both part of parent company Disney .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Tourists will soon be able to visit the subterranean Thai cave that a group of young soccer players and their coach have been stranded in for over ten days .
The Tourism Authority of Thailand plans to promote the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai as an attraction — after the locale was in the spotlight for days in the continuing coverage of the 12 boys and their 25-year-old coach stranded there , and the efforts to free them .
“ The cave has become of interest for both local and foreign travelers , ” Karuna Dechatiwong , the TAT director at the Chiang Rai office told the Bangkok Post .
The agency is working on putting together a route to the cave for visitors interested in seeing where the group got lost — that would include nearby communities , including a village that specializes in making paper out of mulberry trees , and one that produces seed tea .
Permission is usually required from the authorities to enter the cave in the Khun Nam Nang Non Forest Park during the rainy season — since it 's prone to flood — but the TAT said they would ask local authorities to improve safety standards to prevent tourists from getting into trouble .
It 's unclear how far into the cave visitors will be allowed to go — so they may not see the exact slope of dirt and rocks the team survived on for nine days by drinking drips of water from stalactites .
Chiang Rai attracted 2.7 million tourists last year but the number is now expected to increase .
The French Champions outperformed their Spanish visitors .
The post Paris 4-0 Barcelona : Five reasons for Valentine Day massacre appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
Lau , a pioneering contemporary folk trio comprising three of the UK 's finest traditional musicians , rather than playing a sell-out Edinburgh Queens Hall show or appearing on Jools Holland will perform in a converted Galashiels church next week .
The show will feature some of the best music being created anywhere in any genre , including all the trio 's greatest material from across the last decade .
Lau have picked up numerous accolades , including being shortlisted for Scottish Album of The Year ( SAY Award ) 2013 and 2016 , four awards for ‘ Best Group ' at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards and were awarded album of the year by the Sunday Herald .
Lau , often described as “ post folk ” , comprises Kris Drever ( vocals , guitar ) , Martin Green ( accordion , wurlitzer , keys , electronics ) and Aidan O'Rourke ( fiddle ) , and together they effortlessly bridge the seemingly-diametrically opposed worlds of acoustic folk tradition and post-rock electronics .
The individual members of Lau have all won multiple awards and recognition for their solo work , and in February 2017 , Drever was nominated for Folk Singer of The Year 2017 and Best Original Song 2017 by BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards 2017 , while Green was nominated for Best Original Song and Best Album 2017 .
Lau have acquired almost empirical status as a journey which started with three blokes sitting down to play a few tunes on fiddle , guitar and squeeze-box at a kitchen table in Edinburgh one day in 2004 . Lau quickly burst out of the undergrowth into groundbreaking terrain .
An evening with Lau presents a band at the peak of their powers .
They appear at Mac Arts , Bridge Street , Galashiels , on Monday , June 19 ( 8pm ) . Tickets ( £18 ) from the Mac Arts website – www.macarts.scot
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Surge in Chinese corporate investment into the US
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
By Jason Keidel
Super Bowl LII
Philadelphia Eagles ( 15-3 ) vs. New England Patriots ( 15-3 )
Sunday , February 4 , 6:30 pm ET
One more game , the game , four quarters to distill six months and decide the winner of the NFL for the 2017 season . Super Bowl LII features the New England Patriots , the classic chalk and talk of football for the last 17 years , making a league-record 10th trip to the Super Bowl , and the eighth since Bill Belichick and Tom formed the most famous and successful HC-QB tandem in history .
The Pats play the Philadelphia Eagles , the ultimate upstart , faces covered with German Shepherd masks to remind us how long they 've been overlooked and underdogs . They 've long been a forlorn franchise , making its third trip to the Super Bowl , looking for their first Lombardi Trophy , and first NFL title since they beat Vince Lombardi , himself , in 1960 .
First , the bad news for the underdog Eagles . The Pats under Brady and Belichick are 4-1 against the Eagles . The Pats have a combined 73 Super Bowls played among their players . The Eagles have eight . Tom Brady has thrown more playoff touchdowns ( 68 ) than Nick Foles has tossed in their entire career ( 61 ) . The Pats have beaten every team not from the Meadowlands , and every QB not named Eli Manning .
> > MORE : NFL Playoffs : Super Bowl Picks
The good news for the Eagles is the NFL 's leading passer is 0-5 when they reach the Super Bowl . Brady led the league in passing yards in 2017 . The other good news is of the Pats ' prior seven Super Bowls this century , they opened none with a TD drive . In fact , Brady has yet to lead the Pats on a scoring drive of any kind in the first quarter of any of their Super Bowls . It belies their regular season efficiency , as the Patriots have scored a FG or TD in nine opening drives during the 2017 season , going 7-2 in those games . Just further proof the Super Bowl is exalted and accelerated , even for a veteran-hardened team like New England .
The bad news for the Eagles is the Patriots have scored 77 points combined in the fourth quarter and overtime during those games , which is why they 've won five of seven , including that biblical comeback last year against Atlanta . The Pats have also toppled the Eagles in the Super Bowl , 13 years ago , a game the Eagles could have won but ran out of gas in the fourth quarter , which fueled some ugly postgame backbiting , led by Terrell Owens , who called out QB Donovan McNabb for coming up lame and sick , heaving and vomiting over the last few minutes of the game .
So as soon as the Eagles soothe their Super Bowl jitters — a very real thing , any player will tell you — the sooner they can get to putting it on the Pats , much the way Atlanta did last year , before forgetting they had the lead , the clock , and Devonta Freeman running the ball . The Eagles are aggressive on both sides of the ball . By any objective measure , they have a deeper and more talented roster , a better offensive and defensive line , and a better overall defense .
> > MORE : Keidel : Super Bowl 52 , By The Numbers
The Patriots are five-point favorites for two reasons — Brady and Belichick — and their combined wisdom , experience , talent and temerity . On paper , the Eagles seem to have the edge . Of course , the Super Bowl is played on a football field , albeit and neutral field , not in theory or with computerized algorithms . Another level of New England 's gridiron genius is their perseverance , patience , and absolute allergy to making big mistakes . Many times the Patriots win games just by making fewer errors . We 've often heard that teams lose games more than win them , which has been the ultimate science behind the Patriots ' playoff success .
If we look at the playoffs , no one can doubt that the Eagles have looked exponentially better . Philadelphia has put forward record-setting defense in January , top five all-time in average playoff points per game against a team in the Super Bowl era . The Eagles D has yielded 17 points so far in the postseason , averaging 8.5 points per game . Only the 2000 Giants and 2000 Ravens have been more stingy to this point than the 2017 Eagles .
Of course , the Pats are harder to kill than Michael Myers , Jason Voorhees , and Freddy Krueger combined . Even when you have the symbolic boot on their throat , you 'd better grind until life leaves their eyes , there 's no breathing , and no pulse . Just ask Atlanta . If the Eagles jump out front , they have the defense to make it stick , and Foles has proved he 's got enough talent and temerity to avoid the big gaffe that felled the Seahawks and Falcons before them .
> > MORE : Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
This iteration of the Eagles may be more beloved than any in history . More than the Dick Vermeil squads , more than the Reggie White club , led by the ornery Buddy Ryan . This is not just the most cherished team , but also the best in franchise history . How many premature postmortems must we write about these Eagles before we finally realize they refuse to die ?
Prediction : Eagles win , 26-24
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports . They are a native New Yorker , sans the elitist sensibilities , and believes there 's a world west of the Hudson River . A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie , they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s . They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY , and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York . They made their bones as a boxing writer , occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas , Atlantic City , but mostly inside Madison Square Garden . Follow them on Twitter @ JasonKeidel .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Marching bands and Italian food takeover downtown Binghamton for the 58th year . The Annual Columbus Day Tournament of Bands and Italian Festival returns on Monday .
58th annual Columbus Day Tournament of Bands and Italian Festival takes place on Monday in downtown Binghamton . pic.twitter.com/7hlhh48WYT — Amy Hogan ( @ AmyHoganTV ) October 6 , 2017
The festivities will kick off at 9am with an Italian flag raising at City Hall . The parade starts at 10am , with bands marching from the corner of Main and Arthur Streets into the city 's downtown .
`` There are so many traditions that just bring a community together . It 's just a chance for families to come out and enjoy some great music and for young kids to see what they could become as far as band participants , '' says Ron Sall President of the Downtown Binghamton Business Association .
Italian food will be served up during and after the parade on Water Street near Boscovs .
Best Ways To Celebrate World Humanitarian Day In MinnesotaWorld Humanitarian Day honors the selfless efforts of men and women who dedicate and give their lives in the service of others . Since 2009 , World Humanitarian Day has been commemorated on August 19 . In Minnesota , this significant day will be celebrated with summer charity events and volunteerism .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — In a rambling video , Steve Stephens said , “ I snapped , I just snapped. ” But as the manhunt dragged on Monday for the man accused of posting Facebook footage of themselves killing a Cleveland retiree , police were unable to explain what set them off .
“ Only Steve knows that , ” Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said as authorities posted a $ 50,000 reward for Stephens ' capture in the shooting of Robert Godwin Sr. , a 74-year-old former foundry worker .
In the video , Stephens blamed a former girlfriend they had lived with , saying they woke up last week and “ could n't take it anymore. ” But in a statement Monday , the woman shed little light on what might have gone wrong and said Stephens was good to them and their children .
As for the shooting victim , Godwin appeared to have been selected at random , gunned down while picking up aluminum cans Sunday afternoon after spending Easter with some of their children .
A manhunt that started in Cleveland 's gritty east side expanded rapidly into a nationwide search for Stephens , a 37-year-old job counselor who worked with teens and young adults , police said .
“ He could be nearby . They could be far away or anywhere in between , ” FBI agent Stephen Anthony said .
Law enforcement officials said their cellphone signal was last detected on Sunday afternoon in Erie , Pennsylvania , about 100 miles ( 160 kilometers ) east of Cleveland .
Police reported getting dozens and dozens of tips , and nine schools in Philadelphia were locked down Monday while authorities investigated possible sightings of Stephens . But they said there was no sign they were actually there .
Some of those who know Stephens described them as pleasant and kind , while some said they had a gambling problem . They filed for bankruptcy two years ago .
“ He got along with everybody , so it 's just unbelievable what happened , ” said Alexis Lee , a friend who saw Stephens last week .
The police chief said : “ We are not going to pinpoint a specific thing and say this is what triggered this , because we do n't know . ”
Godwin 's daughter said they were killed while collecting cans in a plastic shopping bag .
“ Not because they needed the money , it was just something they did , ” said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin . “ That 's all they were doing . They are n't harming anyone . ”
They said their father , who had 10 children , was a gentle man with nothing mean about him .
In the shooting video , Stephens told Godwin a woman 's name and said , “ She 's the reason that this is about to happen to you. ” The victim did not seem to recognize the woman 's name . The gunman then pointed a weapon at Godwin , who shielded their face with the plastic bag .
The woman Stephens spoke of , Joy Lane , said in a text to CBS that “ we had been in a relationship for several years . I am sorry that all of this has happened. ” They said Stephens was “ a nice guy ” who was generous to everyone .
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down .
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens , despite their claim in a separate video on Facebook that they killed over a dozen people .
Detectives spoke with Stephens on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade them to surrender , police said .
Stephens worked at Beech Brook , a social service agency in suburban Cleveland that deals with vulnerable young people . They helped them gain job skills and find employment , said Beech Brook spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer .
An extensive background check before they were hired turned up nothing worrisome , they said .
Stephens filed for bankruptcy in January 2015 . Their attorney at the time , Trent Binger , said Monday that they remembered Stephens discussing gambling problems .
“ He was an easy client to deal with , ” Binger said . “ Always respectful to me … well-mannered . ”
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced ? Optional : help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help ! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback . What do you think ? I ‘ ll use it in the future
I don ‘ t think I ‘ ll use it Please tell us why ( optional ) Send Feedback
One of the biggest challenges for venture capital companies is finding interesting investment targets before anyone else . It is often a laborious , travel-intensive job . But machine learning and predictive analytics are starting to transform how an investor puts a portfolio together .
“ My job used to be about getting on a plane once a week and going to a different European city to try to find people who were doing interesting things , ” says Roberto Bonanzinga , co-founder of InReach Ventures and previously a partner at Balderton Capital , a UK-based VC firm which invests primarily in early-stage European technology companies .
It was inefficient , they say . “ I would look at 50 companies a day , maybe 1,500 a month , and of those maybe 100 would get to the next level . We would do one deal a month . ”
Often , Mr Bonanzinga adds , promising companies would fall under the radar because they were not actively looking for money . Unless start-up founders were well connected , or in a tech hub such as London or Silicon Valley , investors would have little chance of discovering them .
Mr Bonanzinga thought they could combine internet data and machine learning to do a better job of ferreting out prospects . It took two years and £5m in investment for InReach Ventures to create the software , which has so far trawled through 95,000 European start-ups , picking out 2,000 that Mr Bonanzinga might be interested in .
The software determines this based on the people they are hiring , the products they are developing and the traffic on their website , among other things . For example , InReach identified Oberlo , a Lithuanian start-up , as an investment target because it was advertising for engineers to solve a particular type of ecommerce problem . “ We did a deal before any other VC firm in Europe even knew they existed , ” Mr Bonanzinga says .
“ What used to be a handcrafted job has become significantly scalable , ” Mr Bonanzinga says . “ You become 10 times more productive. ” InReach Ventures has invested in seven companies so far , and while it is still too early to say how well the portfolio will perform , Mr Bonanzinga has already had one exit , selling Oberlo to Shopify , a Canadian ecommerce company , just 12 months after investing .
SignalFire , based in San Francisco , was one of the first VC companies to move to this kind of data-driven model . Founder Chris Farmer started applying data to venture capital around 2007 , at a previous company , using basic algorithms to track factors such as how well products were performing in Apple 's App Store . They grew interested in building a more complex system that could track companies in a more comprehensive way and thus founded SignalFire in 2013 .
It took eight years and tens of millions of dollars to build what Mr Farmer calls a “ mini-Google ” . The software now tracks 8m start-ups across the world , drawing on sources from sales data to academic publications to financial filings . Companies that are outperforming or doing something notable are flagged up on a dashboard . SignalFire can then deploy some of its $ 375m under management .
Chris Farmer of SignalFire
Ten years ago , Mr Farmer says , the project would have been impossible . “ These kinds of data storage and processing capabilities were n't available . We needed the kind of computer power and storage that was only available in the bigger consumer internet companies . ”
Now , however , even smaller companies can crunch data at a large scale , thanks to database tools such as Hadoop and Apache Spark , and the possibility of renting cheap server capacity from Amazon Web Services .
Like Mr Bonanzinga , Mr Farmer says the system is helping them discover companies they would not have seen before . “ There is a broader geographic scope to where our portfolio companies come from . We backed a company from Romania that we never would have seen otherwise . We 've passed on some very well-connected founders and we have gone with some first-time founders . It does n't entirely eliminate bias but it does make it more of a meritocracy . It makes you take a second look , ” they say . It is still too early to judge how well the portfolio will perform , however .
Aaron Joyce , co-founder of Aibl Tech , a Stockholm-based start-up , has benefited from the data-driven approach . Aibl , which helps companies analyse customer data , was discovered by Mr Bonanzinga only a few months after it had been started .
“ We had started approaching a few local investors for funding , but we were not having much luck getting through , just talking to the junior guys . Then Roberto [ Bonanzinga ] emailed us . I was suspicious at the beginning , here was this partner contacting me . I would never have thought we had a chance of raising money with someone of their calibre , ” says Mr Joyce . “ It is a much more meritocratic way of investing . It 's not who you know or where you went to school . ”
We do n't treat them like the IT department . They are the heart of the business
Andreas Thorstensson , partner at Stockholm-based EQT Ventures , says around 30 per cent of their investment decisions now come through a data-analysis platform they have built , called Motherbrain , which monitors around 2m companies on a daily basis . Mr Thorstensson says they regularly pass on investing the kinds of entrepreneurs that might typically have got funding before . “ The data does n't lie , ” they say .
As well as giving opportunities to a different set of start-ups , machine learning is likely to change the structure of the VC industry . SignalFire is built like a tech firm — data scientists and engineers are vital to the business and own shares in the company . “ We do n't treat them like the IT department . They are the heart of the business , ” Mr Farmer says .
Mr Bonanzinga , meanwhile , is the only investment partner at InReach , which has software and a team of data scientists doing the work that would have been done by an army of associates at a traditional VC firm .
The cost of running and maintaining the data platforms is considerable . Mr Farmer says they spend over $ 10m a year , while Mr Bonanzinga plans to spend at least £1m annually . “ It will change how venture capital firms spend their fees . Traditionally most of it went on salaries . In the future it will go to data and computer scientists and into buying in good data sources , ” says Mr Bonanzinga .
EQT Venture 's Mr Thorstensson says , however , that they do not believe machines will significantly decrease jobs across the industry . “ It will enable us to spend more quality time with the companies we are investing in , instead of going to general events and doing the tedious jobs , ” they say . “ AI is good for filtering out the noise , but the decision to invest or not will always be about instinct at the end . ”
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around . Watch them go .
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Quality Magazine Launches Student Essay Contest on `` Made in the USA ''
ROSEMONT , IL -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - The QUALITY Show is pleased to announce that Underwriters Laboratories ( UL ) will be offering a half day workshop on Tuesday , October 24 , 2017 at the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont , IL immediately preceding the opening of the trade show . The QUALITY Show is the only tradeshow focused exclusively on quality manufacturing and will offer engineers and managers responsible for quality in the manufacturing process two high-profile keynotes and an interactive tradeshow floor with dozens of education sessions and networking opportunities . The trade show will open on Tuesday , October 24 at 1:00 pm following the UL Workshop and will run through Thursday , October 26 .
Instructional topics during the Workshop will focus on UL 's Additive Manufacturing training program and will address product safety issues ; design validation factors ; creating an assessment strategy ; and quality and safety assessment of material suppliers . The cost to attend the Workshop is $ 400 , which includes access to The QUALITY Show , and attendees to the workshop will receive a certificate of completion . Click here for registration .
`` We are pleased to be partnering with UL to offer this important workshop which will provide our attendees with details on how to ensure conformance of parts manufactured using AM technologies while highlighting the different quality assurance and supplier assessment strategies , '' said Darrell Dal Pozzo , Group Publisher of Quality Magazine . `` In addition we are excited to announce the 'Made in the USA ' Student Essay Competition which will give tomorrow 's manufacturing and engineering leaders the opportunity to exhibit innovative thinking on the issues that will shape their future . ''
In the first QUALITY Show Student Essay Competition a panel from Quality Magazine editorial staff will select one high school and one college student essay to be published in an upcoming Quality Magazine issue following the event , the Quality Magazine website ( qualitymag.com ) and The QUALITY Show website ( qualityshow.com ) . The winners will be announced at The QUALITY Show on Thursday , October 26 following the Keynote presentation . Additionally , each winner will be awarded $ 500 to put towards continuing their education .
The essay topic should address what Americans and corporations can do to regain our competitive quality advantage in manufacturing and service operations . `` Made in the USA '' was considered to be the best in the world until the mid-1970s . America started to lose its competitive advantage in manufacturing to global competition due to poor quality , which led to higher cost of producing in America , and outsourcing of manufacturing , customer service , and product design . American share of the global manufacturing decreased over years . American manufacturing jobs were lost , and the national debt increased dramatically .
Students who submit an essay must currently be enrolled in high school or undergraduate program , respectively . Essays must be emailed in a Word.doc to johnsonk @ bnpmedia.com no later than August 31 , 2017 .
The QUALITY Show 2017 will be held Tuesday , October 24 - Thursday , October 26 at the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont , IL . The Show is produced by Quality Magazine ( www.qualitymag.com ) , a monthly trade journal serving the quality assurance and process improvement needs of more than 50,000 manufacturing professionals . The QUALITY Show is produced by BNP Media ( www.bnpmedia.com ) , one of the country 's leading business-to-business media companies serving industry professionals across 60+ industries through magazines , custom media , e-newsletters , webinars , events and market research . For more information , visit www.qualityshow.com
Zvervev beat Federer 6-3 , 6-4 in the Rogers Cup final on Sunday for their 10th consecutive victory and Federer 's third loss out of 38 matches this year .
`` It 's something amazing , '' said Zverev . `` I feel great . I feel like I 'm playing some of the best tennis of my life . ''
They avenged a loss to Federer at Halle , Germany on 25 June and brought their career head-to-head record to a draw at two wins each .
The fourth-seeded Zverev won 894,585 dollars ( 758,500 euros ) in prize money ; the second-seeded Federer got 438,635 dollars ( 372,000 euros ) .
Zverev used some sharp groundstrokes to get the only service break they needed to win the first set .
Error-prone Federer
The German escaped a break point at 1-0 in the second set with consecutive aces and Federer , who looked off-form , never challenged for the match again .
The 36-year-old Federer said they just felt `` aches and pains '' from playing in the Rogers Cup – their first tournament of the hardcourt season . But it looked to be more than that .
Zverev said they merely noticed that their opponent 's serve was n't quite as fast . They broke an error-prone Federer for a 4-3 lead and served out the match .
This victory puts Zverev at number seven in the world rankings . It is their second Masters 1000 Series victory this year along with Rome and they are looking more and more like a future Grand Slam tournament winner .
`` I am in the top 10 now and I feel like I 'm playing the right tennis , well enough tennis to be there , '' they said . `` Obviously winning the two Masters 1000 events , everybody would be proud of that . ''
VILLANOVA . The 2018 national champions will have to defend their title without four key players who left early . The Wildcats knew they 'd lose national player of the year Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges after both signed with agents . Final Four most outstanding player Donte DiVincenzo and Omari Spellman joined them , both saying this week they will remain in the draft .
MARYLAND . The Terps knew they 'd be without Justin Jackson after they signed with an agent . The return of Kevin Huerter could have softened the blow some , but the sharpshooting forward opted on Wednesday to remain in the draft , leaving Maryland without its top two players . At least the Terps will have Bruno Fernando , who decided to return for their sophomore season .
STANFORD . Reid Travis ' decision was to withdraw from the NBA draft . That should have been good news for the Cardinal , but instead of being a top contender for Pac-12 player of the year in 2018-19 with them , Travis announced they would play elsewhere as a graduate transfer .
MIXED BAG
CLEMSON . The Tigers got good news when leading scorer Marcquise Reed and starting guard Shelton Mitchell decided to return . The backcourt duo helped the Tigers return to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 2011 and reach the program 's first Sweet 16 since 1997 .
BOSTON COLLEGE . The Eagles took a big hit when Jerome Robinson , the ACC 's second-leading scorer , opted to hire an agent and remain in the draft . Their return would 've given BC nearly its entire team back to pursue the program 's first NCAA bid since 2009 . The good news : Ky Bowman , the ACC 's top returning scorer , decided to withdraw from the draft .
UCLA . The Bruins lost one of the nation 's best players when dynamic guard Aaron Holiday declared for the draft and hired an agent in March . UCLA 's big loss was offset , at least to a degree , by the decisions of Kris Wilkes and Jaylen Hands to return to Westwood . The Bruins are still waiting for first-year student forward Cody Riley to announce their decision .
KANSAS . The Jayhawks lost Lagerald Vick and Malik Newman after both declared for the draft and signed with an agent . But Kansas got some good news on Wednesday when burly big man Udoka Azubuike announced they will return for their junior season instead of remaining in the draft .
MICHIGAN STATE . The Spartans will certainly miss Jaren Jackson and Miles Bridges after both hired agents to leave school early . Michigan State received good news this week , though , when forward Nick Ward decided to head back to East Lansing .
___
AP Basketball Writer Aaron Beard in Raleigh , North Carolina , contributed to this report .
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Marshall , The Associated Press
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Bishop Richard F. Stika has released the following statement on the diocesan response to helping those affected by recent natural disasters :
“ Our parishioners have once again responded with generosity and compassion in a time of great need . We realize the rebuilding and recovery efforts in all of the areas hit by the hurricanes and the earthquake will take time and effort . This gift of just over $ 400,000 shows that a small diocese of 68,000 Catholics can come together in a very powerful and positive way . I want to thank our pastors , priests , and all of our parishioners in the Diocese of Knoxville for contributing financially , and with prayers , to help people when they need it most . ”
Bishop Richard F. Stika
Roman Catholic Diocese of Knoxville
Parishes in the Diocese of Knoxville came together through a series of special collections in late August and September for victims of the recent hurricanes and earthquakes . The collections will be used to support the humanitarian and recovery efforts of Catholic Charities USA , with some direct gifts to individual dioceses in the regions affected .
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column , EM Squared , Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch , Newsmine blog , daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience .
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package ?
Lex Column - The FT 's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter . Since the 1930 's Lex has been providing concise , readable and timely commentary on companies , markets and the theory behind investing . From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks , via the banking crisis and emerging markets , Our specialists in London , New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions .
Editor 's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber , the Financial Times ' lauded editor .
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week 's news stories .
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day 's biggest topics .
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Tuesday re-arraigned a former Managing Director of Bank PHB , Francis Atuche , before a Federal High Court in Lagos .
Atuche was charged alongside Charles Ojo , a former Managing Director of Spring Bank , on an amended 45-count charge of N125 billion fraud .
The accused pleaded not guilty before Justice A.O Faji , who allowed them to continue on their earlier bail conditions .
The accused were initially arraigned in 2009 before Justice Akinjide Ajakaiye , who granted them bail in the sum of N50 million each with two sureties each in like sum .
They were later re-arraigned before Justice Binta Murtala-Nyako on February 3 , 2012 , and later re-arraigned before Justice Rita Ofili-Ajumogobia on January 16 , 2013 , following the transfer of Mrs. Murtala-Nyako .
Both judges had adopted the bail terms granted by Mr. Ajakaiye .
The EFCC had on February 20 re-arraigned the accused before Saliu Saidu , following a re-assignment of the case .
In the charge , the EFCC accused the former bank chiefs of granting credit facilities , manipulating shares and committing general banking fraud to the tune of N125 billion .
The alleged offences contravene the provisions of Section 7 ( 2 ) ( b ) of the Advanced Fee Fraud Act , 2004 , and Section 15 ( 1 ) of the Failed Banks ( Recovery of debts ) and Financial Malpractices in Banks Act , 2004 .
They also contravene the provisions of Section 516 of the Criminal Code , Laws of the Federation , 2004 , as well as Section 14 ( 1 ) of the Money Laundering Prohibition Act , 2004 .
The re-arraignment resulted from the transfer of Justice Saliu Saidu , who was handling the case .
Faji adjourned the case to February 22 for trial .
TOURISTS can rest assured knowing Hardy Reef is still in good shape .
Reef Safari divers inspected the iconic outer-reef destination in the aftermath of the cyclone and the snapshots tell a positive story about the state of marine life and coral in the area .
The images attracted national attention as Channel 9 's Today Show shared the pictures on social media .
Cruise Whitsundays general manager of operations Gary Kilby said the pictures revealed `` good news '' .
`` Due to the large wave action there are some more fragile coral that did incur some damage , but overall despite the circumstances the good news is the coral is still in good shape , still vibrant and marine life still present , '' they said .
Reef Safari co-owner Peter Farrell has taken six dives to the Hardy Reef spot since Cyclone Debbie hit and said they were pleasantly surprised with what they saw .
`` As expected there is some damage , mostly to the faster growing species of coral which are generally damaged easily by the cyclone but some parts of the reef still look really good , '' they said .
`` We need to bear in mind that one of the up-sides to the cyclone is the fact that water temperatures dropped several degrees which would have eased pressure on the reef from bleaching point of view . ''
Mr Farrell noted the diversity of marine life available including trevally , turtles and wide array of reef fish .
Lessons learned in the oil and gas industry can be used in the renewables sector to help with the development of the offshore wind industry , according to GE Renewable Energy chief executive Jerome Pecresse .
`` Sharing of technology and best practices between the two industries ; especially as more renewables move offshore and into more challenging environments , is where the oil and gas companies ' expertise and capabilities can be harnessed , '' they said .
Related Stories GE musters Merkur troops
30 Jan 2018
Hornsea 1 plants first root
26 Jan 2018 Sharing knowledge between the oil and gas and renewables sectors will help to `` shorten the development span for new concepts '' , the CEO said .
The oil and gas industry has also developed expertise on compliance and safety standards on product design , manufacturing and installation that could be transferred to offshore wind .
Using good practices from the oil and gas industry can also help better inform stakeholder engagement and community relations , and `` consequently facilitate accelerated business development '' .
Pecresse also predicted that renewable energy is set to become the baseload power source in the next 10 to 20 years ,
They said clean power is already `` mainstream '' and is likely to provide between 50 % and 66 % of new energy coming online in the future .
Innovation , hybrid technology and auction-based systems are helping to drive growth , as well as corporate demand for electricity from 100 % renewable sources , they said .
Image : reNEWS
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Amazon Fire TV off to a rough start So much for Amazon 's early jump on the Apple TV . The Seattle Web giant 's site said Thursday that the new version of its Fire TV wo n't be in stock again ...
Amazon Fire makes dramatic price cut from $ 199 to 99 cents Amazon boss Jeff Bezos finally admitted on Monday that their smartphone plan was dumb . Two months after the Amazon Fire was unveiled at $ 199 , the online retailer cut the price ...
Amazon sells fewer than 35K Fire phones in first 25 days : study The Amazon Fire phone may not have exceeded sales of 35,000 devices in its first 25 days on the market . The phone made up just 0.02 percent of market share ...
Morning Commute Slows Up Over Snow , Winds ComingMetro Transit reported that , as of 8 a.m. , about 41 percent of its buses were delayed . The average delay was about 7 minutes .
Overnight Snow Could Impact Monday Morning CommuteAn early heads up to Twin Cities motorists : Your Monday morning commute could be a bit of a mess .
Despite Cold Streak , DNR Says Stay Off The IceIce dusted in snow makes for a beautiful backdrop in Excelsior bay of Lake Minnetonka , but it does not mean it 's safe to walk on .
The White House press secretary says President Donald Trump will donate their presidential salary at the end of the year . And they say the president wants the media 's help deciding where the money will go .
Trump had said during the campaign that they planned to donate their $ 400,000 annual salary to charity .
Press Secretary Sean Spicer tells journalists the president will give the money at the end of the year and would `` love your help '' to determine where it goes .
They say , `` The way that we can avoid scrutiny is to let the press corps '' decide .
Trump came under scrutiny following revelations that they appeared to have given relatively little to charity over the course of their career .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved .
James Goold , center , chairperson of the RPM Nautical Foundation , talks with David Ruff , left , of the not-for-profit US Institute of Nautical Archaeology research organization , and Neritan Ceka , Albanian archaeologist , before the start of the Albanian underwater archaeology conference in Tirana , Albania , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Researchers are urging Albanian authorities to build a museum to display hundreds of Roman and Greek artefacts and ancient shipwrecks that are sitting under Albania 's barely explored coastline . Lazar Semini AP Photo
1:07 Highlights : Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game Pause
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
0:29 This is how dry Lopez Lake has gotten this summer
0:44 See Santa Margarita Lake at 70 percent capacity after the storms
0:41 A year ago , Lake Nacimiento was almost dry . Here 's what it looks like now after the rain .
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
0:34 Take a virtual hike along Rocky Canyon Trail
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
Randall Margraves is removed from the courtroom after attempting to attack Larry Nassar , who sexually abused three of their daughters . ( WDIV )
Randall Margraves is subdued by bailiffs as they make a move toward the man who sexually abused three of their daughters . ( WDIV )
Randall Margraves is subdues as they make a move toward Larry Nassar , who sexually abused three of their daughters . ( WDIV )
Randall Margraves asks a judge for `` five minutes '' alone with the man who sexually abused three of their daughters . ( WDIV )
By DAVID EGGERT
Associated Press
CHARLOTTE , Mich. ( AP ) -- A father of three victims tried to attack Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom on Friday after a judge declined their request for a few minutes alone in a locked room with the `` demon '' former sports doctor . They were blocked by an attorney and tackled by sheriff 's deputies .
Two of the man 's daughters had just told the judge that they and another sister had been sexually abused by Nassar under the guise of medical treatment . Their father , Randall Margraves , later addressed the court , telling the judge they were a `` distraught father . ''
Margrave comments to the judge came hours after they stood at the courtroom podium , looked at Nassar , shook their head and called them a profanity . Margraves then asked for `` five minutes '' alone with Nassar . The judge said they could n't allow that . They asked for one minute , and they again declined .
Margraves then lunged at Nassar , who was sitting nearby .
Margraves are restrained by sheriff 's deputies and hauled out of court . After their apology , Judge Janice Cunningham , who said there was `` no way '' they would punish them under their contempt of court powers . They noted the anguish felt by families over Nassar 's crimes . Nonetheless , they said , it 's unacceptable to `` combat assault with assault . ''
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar on assault charges . The charges focus on their work with Twistars , an elite Michigan gymnastics club . The judge resumed the hearing after about 25 minutes .
Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis told families in the courtroom to `` use your words , '' not violence .
`` This is letting them have this power over us , '' they said . `` We can not behave like this . I understand this is a remarkable situation . But you can not do this . This is not helping your children . This is not helping your community . This is not helping us . ''
Moments before Margraves ' stunning courtroom charge , one of their daughters , Lauren Margraves , had told the judge that their parents were `` filled with regret '' because they took the girls to see Nassar .
`` I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they ca n't , '' they told Nassar . `` The guilt they have will never go away . All this is because of you . ''
More than 30 victims have given statements so far during the hearing , which began Wednesday and is expected to stretch into next week .
During a similar hearing that ended last week , more than 150 girls and women came forward to say Nassar abused them under the guise of medical treatment while they worked with Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics . They were sentenced to up to 175 years in prison in that case . They had already been sentenced to 60 years in prison on child pornography charges .
Earlier Friday , the judge reopened the hearing by saying controversial comments made by one of Nassar 's attorneys were `` unfortunate . '' The lawyer , Shannon Smith , told radio station WWJ that they had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they are victims .
Cunningham said Nassar did n't authorize the statements and has disavowed them .
`` What is relevant is for the court to hear each individual story and how the criminal actions of the defendant impacted each individual 's life , '' Cunningham said .
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . Their work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/David % 20Eggert .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Letter to the Editor : Unify the Kansas City area ! August 12 , 2017
Unify the Kansas City area !
On the Missouri side , it all needs to start with Jackson County .
There are things that could be done to help start to unify the Kansas City region ; it would be for Jackson County today to unite like Wyandotte County . Jackson County has too many little kingdoms ; like water districts , fire districts , police districts and arterials roads that do not connect !
On the Missouri side , it all needs to start in Jackson County , and the first link of unifying Jackson County could start with building on the 17.7 miles of the old Rock Island Corridor purchased by Jackson County and the KCATA over a year ago !
It needs to start with the trail and the rail ! ( This year . ) NOW !
Let 's vote on a Jackson County 1/4 cent sales tax for transportation and a 1/8 cents sales tax for tourism .
In the past Kansas City , Independence and some of the little cities have tried to adapt or stick with the Jackson County arterial plan , but cities like Lee Summit did n't want to have 63rd St. running through Lee 's Summit or numbered streets like 75th or 72nd St . Instead they wanted names like NE JIb Court .
This was the name given to a street in an industrial park . Why did we want a numbered street ? Because all the truck drivers in the United States could figure out where NE . 72nd St. would be in Lee 's Summit .
When Andes and Robert plated Lakewood , they called the main street across the dam , 63rd St .
Please , it 's time we all rode and work together !
John Ivey
Citizens4Progress Treasurer
Several Black celebrities are using their power to help kids see the highly anticipated Black Panther .
The film is already being hailed as a magical affair for Black folks , depicting strong representations of African Americans . Though the Marvel film is based on a fictional comic series , the characters possess a lot of qualities that are relatable to real-life people . The women in Black Panther 's world , known as Wakanda , are strong and complex . The men are known as kings and warriors .
Many activists and celebrities recognize that these themes are powerful for Black folks . They know that this film provides a chance for people of color to see themselves on screen through the lens of the characters . ( Sidenote : Black Panther presales have broken records ! ) .
New York resident Frederick Joseph was all about those powerful themes when they set up a GoFundMe to bring a group of Harlem schoolchildren to a Black Panther screening . Here are the famous folks who are supporting their nationwide # BlackPantherChallenge ahead of the film 's release on February 16 :
Octavia Spencer
The Help actor is on a personal mission to help make BP for the kids .
“ I will be in [ Mississippi ] when this movie opens . I think I will buy out a theatre in an underserved community there to ensure that all our brown children can see themselves as a superhero . I will let you know where and when Mississippi . Stay tuned . # KingsAndQueensWillRise , ” Spencer recently wrote on Instagram .
Jemele Hill
Hill has partnered with the Detroit Free Press , and one of the paper 's columnists , Rochelle Riley , as well as the Detroit Lions , to take more than 200 students who have perfect school attendance this year to see Black Panther . Hill , who is a Detroit native and former writer for the Detroit Free Press , took to Twitter to ask for help for their BP effort . They tweeted at the likes of Big Sean and Jalen Rose before the Detroit paper joined their effort . Nice !
I wish I had time to do it myself but if there is anyone in Detroit trying to take kids in underserved communities to see Black Panther , holla at me . — Jemele Hill ( @ jemelehill ) January 30 , 2018
Would also love @ JalenRose @ BigSean @ Eminem @ realchriswebber to join me and making sure kids from our neighborhoods see Black Panther . We can do this . — Jemele Hill ( @ jemelehill ) January 30 , 2018
Titus O'Neil
WWE star Thaddeus “ Titus O'Neil ” Bullard wants to take 500 young kids in Tampa Bay , Florida to see the Marvel film , which stars Chadwick Boseman , Lupita Nyong ' o , Michael B. Jordan , Angela Bassett and more . Titus , a former Gators defensive end and philanthropist , is focused on the Tampa Bay area in participating in the # BlackPantherChallenge , which is turning into a nationwide movement to raise money for kids to see the movie .
“ I 'm 40 years old and I 've never seen a Marvel character that looked like me , as an African-American male , ” Bullard said to the Tampa Bay Times . “ This will be the first time I 've seen a superhero on screen that looks like me and I want kids to not only be able to see superheroes on the screen but also to view themselves as superheroes . ”
Honorable Mention : Little Miss Flint
Folks should remember Mari Copeny , a.k.a . Little Miss Flint , the 10-year-old activist who called out Trump for not helping with the Flint Water Crisis . They and their cousin , Felicia Copeny , are helping kids in Flint to see the film by raising money on GoFundMe . They have already exceeded their $ 5,000 goal with raising $ 6 , 492 as of February 1 .
“ This campaign is a part of the # BlackPantherChallenge , ” Felicia Copeny wrote . “ [ I ] t is so important that marginalized children see a representation of themselves , especially in a city like Flint , Michigan where the kids only see themselves in the media as victims of our cities water crisis . ”
SEE ALSO :
Not Today , Satan : Black Trump Supporter Attacks The Congressional Black Caucus
Photo Of Black Women ‘ Worshiping ' White Woman Stirs Racial Controversy On Instagram
Billy Macklowe has closed on the $ 62.5 million purchase of 156 William St. , the 250,000 square-foot office building they plan to convert to a dedicated medical facility . “ It 's nearly 100 ...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
BIRMINGHAM 'S bin strike , which is costing the city £40,000 a day , could end TODAY if the union suspended its strike action and agreed to go to arbitration .
That was the message from city bins boss Lisa Trickett as they oversaw a private contractor 's bin crew at work on the clean-up in Yardley .
It comes as the binmen are poised to ballot on extending the action which has crippled the service until Christmas .
“ This strike could end today , ” said Ms Trickett , Labour councillor for Moseley and Kings Heath .
“ The power to end this strike lies with Unite . They could suspend this action , come to ACAS , join us for talks and we can find a way forward .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
In a message to the union , they added : “ You 've made your point , there are some things we need to hammer out between us .
“ We 're determined there are no job losses , that people do not lose pay , that we work together on how we can have a better bins service for the people of Birmingham . ”
The union has called on the council to protect the salaries of 113 at risk 'leading hand ' staff and drop disciplinary action against a shop flight attendant .
Councillor Trickett revealed that the council has so far brought in 17 private crews to work around the ongoing industrial action , going out during evenings and weekends , and that the daily cost of the strike to the council is about £40,000 .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But this is just an exercise in damage limitation rather than a clean-up because the council has about 100 wagons on the streets during a regular working week .
The private contractors and non-union agency staff are increasingly being used after the Unite union changed its pattern of strike action , effectively bringing the regular service to a virtual standstill . Bin lorries are spending only a few minutes at a time emptying bins before returning to their depot for the next period of strike action or a break .
“ Three weeks ago the Unite union called for the conciliation service ACAS to be brought in to run negotiations , and now the council is making the same call , ” said Councillor Trickett .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
But on Friday the rhetoric was more robust with the union threatening another ballot of members to extend strike action until Christmas .
Councillor Trickett accused them of ‘ holding the city to ransom ' and the council is planning for drawn-out action , aiming to visit each home to empty bins over the next three weeks .
Meanwhile , residents are increasingly frustrated at the ongoing dispute and just want their streets clean and regular bin collections .
Almost 11,000 have now signed a petition demanding a refund on their council tax for the missed collections .
( Image : Snapperssk )
But Councillor Trickett replied : “ I can understand why some councillors would make such populist suggestions . I hope they understand why we ca n't offer a refund .
“ There 's no direct relationship between the council tax and the bin service that is not being delivered . ”
Statkraft is to supply Norwegian ferrosilicon producer Finnfjord with electricity over the 2018 to 2031 period .
The new long-term contract will deliver 8.5 terrawatt-hours of electricity in total to Finnfjord 's ferro-alloy plant in Finnsnes , with an average annual supply of 0.65TWh , Statkraft said .
The deal replaces a contract between the two companies that started in 2011 .
Finnfjord chief executive Geir-Henning Wintervoll said : “ This contract secures a solid economic foundation for Finnfjord for the next 13 years and enables the company to further develop more efficient and environmentally friendly manufacturing solutions . ”
Image : Statkraft
Before Winter
Just to go there and breathe that air
and see that river silver through the valley
until I 'm within reach of that peace again
with those people along those roads
Just to help cut hay into long windrows
and smell it curing under a harvest moon
then to bale and stack it into their barns
Just to chop and stack firewood for them
and feed their horses fallen apples
Then to wake up hearing acorn woodpeckers
chisel small holes in a tall dead tree
to fit fresh acorns tight into the wood
before winter
Just to hold my breath a little longer
to hear where we quit hearing each other
Then to go back and change some things I said
the way those woodpeckers would carve
new smaller holes for shrunken acorns
fallen away
Or to tell myself now what I need to know
in short whispers here against the cold
that none of us knew then on the changing wind
Divorce Rate in the Northwest
What these mountains had to give
we 've turned into crates for overseas
No wonder we keep missing each other
cry words words and choose dust
or nails for breakfast
What these mountains had to give
we 've subdivided into wide closets
and no basements
The dog chained in back bites the hand
while we talk of children in Pakistan
What these mountains had to give
gets the streams choked up and gashing down to bedrock
Where will our dreams now spawn ?
No return on that stock—try as we might
Seagulls always find the scent
What these mountains had to give
is lost somewhere under the dam
That beautiful girl I once knew
Celilo—angels leaping round her—
no money no silver or green like theirs
What these mountains had to give
comes roaring back in a tsunami of splinters
We run down to dissemble in sawmills
fight over blood incinerating
and wonder why the evening sky turns purple
For thousands of years Celilo Falls was a meeting ground on the Columbia River where people fished for salmon leaping up those cascading waters . Now it is Lake Celilo , behind the Dalles Dam .
Eugene Marckx has settled in the shadow of Mount Pilchuck , among sheep and cattle and horses and rusted cars . Second-growth cedar , hemlock , and spruce are the oldest inhabitants there , above the stones . Poems come to them to show the way back onto the path they left as a boy . They are at work on a novel about clear-cutting . has settled in the shadow of Mount Pilchuck , among sheep and cattle and horses and rusted cars . Second-growth cedar , hemlock , and spruce are the oldest inhabitants there , above the stones . Poems come to them to show the way back onto the path they left as a boy . They are at work on a novel about clear-cutting .
Header photo by James Wheeler , courtesy Pixabay .
Tepox placed fifth in the 10,000 in 41:19.83 while sophomore Sydney Clere was seventh in the 5,000-meter race walk in 36:53.85 . Rojas , Swann and Mihnovich finished third , fourth and sixth in the 10,000 with marks of 33:23.13 , 33:27.91 and 33:51.54 , picking up 14 points for the Phoenix in the team standings .
Freshmen Dylon Dishman and Michael Tirjan placed fifth and sixth , respectively , in the 5,000 race walks with times of 35:58.45 and 36:06.92 . Sophomore Kalea Barnett placed sixth in the discus with a mark of 110-7 .
Sophomore Alyssa Gibson qualified for the finals in the 100 and 200-meters , posting times of 12.80 in the 100 and 27.00 in the 200 . Freshman Tyler Williams and sophomore Donta Bertrand qualified for the finals in the 100 with times of 10.96 and 11.14 , respectively , and the duo also qualified in the 200 as well with times of 22.59 and 22.75 .
Sophomores Jonathan Hasselblad and Parker Kuchek qualified for the finals in the 110-meter hurdles with times of 16.78 and 16.99 , respectively .
The women 's 4x800-meter relay team of junior Taylor Blankenship , first-year student Anna Grose , first-year student Hannah Spring and sophomore Amber Mays finished third in 10:08.68 and the men 's squad of sophomore Jordan Hill , Williams , first-year student Carlos Angeles-Solis and junior Carlos Tirado was sixth in 8:48.74 .
ATLANTA — This is the reminder of just how intoxicating the sport can be when you allow it to be . Games like these are the flip side to games like those , and if you are a Mets fan you do n't need to be reminded what “ those ” games are .
“ That , ” Robert Gsellman said , “ was fun . ”
And that is not a word the Mets have often used lately , not one they expected to use when they were facing Julio Teheran — who traditionally is kryptonite with arms when facing the Mets — and they were throwing Jason Vargas , who has spent most of the season lighting themselves on fire .
( Speaking of fires … There was a fire at Citi Field Wednesday . Honestly . No joke . An actual fire . Nobody was hurt , so it 's OK to let loose a hyena-like peal of hysterical laughter if you 'd like because , read that sentence again : THERE WAS A FIRE AT CITI FIELD WEDNESDAY . No word if there were tires or dumpsters involved . )
So , naturally , the Mets won the game , 4-1 . They avoided dipping below .500 for the first time all season , they split a series they easily could have swept ( though it was still hard to believe that they themselves were n't swept , even after Gsellman , closer for a day — at least — recorded the 27th out ) .
They got five strong innings from Vargas ( who was working on three days ' rest , no less ) and they got a couple of clutch RBIs from Smilin ' Brandon Nimmo ( who , come to think of it , is the one person in baseball who could probably find the silver lining in a stadium fire ) .
And then , in the bottom of the eighth , with runners on the corners in a two-run game and every one of the 21,449 ( plus all of the Braves , plus a sizeable number of Mets no doubt ) waiting for the inevitable other shoe to drop , Amed Rosario made the kind of play — stabbing a hard-hit grounder by Nick Markakis , starting a 6-4-3 double play that extracted setup-man-for-a-day ( at least ) Jeurys Familia from likely doom — that made so many talent evaluators drool not so long ago .
“ It 's the play we 've been lacking , ” manager Mickey Callaway said , “ and probably the difference in the game . ”
It was a good day for the Mets but an especially good day for Sandy Alderson , architect of this team , overseer of a roster that seemed suspiciously skinny at season 's start and has been exposed as being thinner than a Kleenex with 109 games still to go . On this day , though , the three key elements of this win that nudged them back over .500 at 27-26 and still somehow kept them within 4 ½ games of first place were all covered in Alderson 's fingerprints .
All three have actually been part of the growing indictment a swelling number of Mets fans have brought against Alderson . There is Vargas , of course , the $ 16 million man who was only available to pitch Wednesday because he 'd been unbearably bad in a brief outing in Milwaukee on Saturday ( and “ unbearably bad ” was actually an upgrade from their first three starts ) .
There was Nimmo , who is quickly becoming a fan favorite with a nice package of attitude , hustle and production but was Alderson 's first No . 1 draft pick in 2011 and took an eternity to pay dividends in a time when more and more stars have been making the leap before they reach legal drinking age .
And there was Rosario , formerly a top-two prospect in all baseball , who is destined to forever be compared to their New York middle-infield contemporary , Gleyber Torres , and has had to watch Torres become a phenomenon in about 15 minutes . It also does n't do any favors for Rosario — and certainly not Alderson — when division rivals like the Nationals and Braves can dip easily into their systems , as they have , and pluck out Juan Soto , 19 , hitting .375 with a 1.022 OPS and Ronald Acuna Jr. , 20 , who electrified Atlanta immediately upon their arrival in late April .
Rosario , of course , arrived in Flushing amid plenty of expectation and has been slow to honor it . But they did have a triple , a double and two runs scored and lifted their average to .265 . And while they booted one routine grounder earlier in the game , they made the heart-stopping , game-saving play in the eighth .
“ He 's had their ups and downs , ” Callaway said , “ but their ups … ”
They paused before continuing , and really did n't have to , because those are the things that add to baseball 's recipe as an hallucinogen . These are the moments you allow yourself to forget why you were so mad as a fan to begin with . Even if it 's only temporary . After all , as we were reminded Wednesday , a fresh fire can break out again at any time . And in the most unexpected places .
ELLSWORTH — Residents of Downeast Maine were still digging out Tuesday following a blizzard that began Sunday and continued through Monday .
More than two feet of snow accumulated in some parts of the area .
Alleged Russian Hacker Arrested in Spain at U.S. Request
An alleged Russian hacker has been detained in Spain at the request of American authorities , an arrest that set cybersecurity circles abuzz after a Russian broadcaster raised the possibility it was linked to the U.S. presidential election .
Pyotr Levashov was arrested Friday in Barcelona on a U.S. computer crimes warrant , according to a spokesperson for Spain 's National Court , who spoke on condition of anonymity in line with court rules .
Such arrests are n't unusual -- American authorities typically try to nab Russian cybercrime suspects abroad because of the difficulty involved in extraditing them from Russia -- but Levashov 's arrest drew immediate attention after their wife told Russia 's RT broadcaster that they were linked to America 's 2016 election hacking .
RT quoted Maria Levashova as saying that armed police stormed into their apartment in Barcelona overnight , keeping them and their friend locked in a room for two hours while they quizzed their husband . They said that when they spoke to their husband on the phone from the police station , they told them they were told that they had created a computer virus that was `` linked to Trump 's election win . ''
Levashova did n't elaborate , and the exact nature of the allegations were n't immediately clear . Malicious software is routinely shared , reworked and repurposed , meaning that even a computer virus ' creator may have little or nothing to do with how the virus is eventually used .
Levashov 's name is familiar in cybercrime circles . They have been alleged to be spam kingpin Peter Severa , according to Brian Krebs , a journalist who has written extensively about the Russian cybercrime underworld , and Spamhaus , a group which polices spam .
Levashov themselves could n't immediately be reached for comment , and officials did not say whether they had a lawyer
The U.S. Embassy in Spain declined comment . Russian Embassy spokesperson Vasily Nioradze confirmed the arrest but would n't say whether they were a programmer , as reported by RT . They would n't comment on the U.S. extradition order .
`` As it is routine in these cases , we offer consular support to our citizen , '' they said .
The Spanish spokesperson said Levashov remains in custody .
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Read more on : Cybercrime , Cybersecurity , Ransomware , Malware , Hacker , Russia
LEGAZPI CITY — The Department of Health ( DOH ) in Bicol is urging the public to take precautions to ward off diseases common at the onset ...
—
Long-running soap Neighbours has confirmed it will air Australian TV 's first legal same-sex wedding later this year .
The nuptials of Aaron and David will be broadcast on September 3 , with TV icon and LGBTI hero Magda Szubanski on officiation duties , PinkNews reported .
The onscreen couple got engaged in an episode which aired earlier this month .
“ I thought it was just one of the best offers I 've had for a long time ” , Magda told ten daily .
“ I thought it was both hilarious and historic so when they asked me I just jumped at it . I think it 's gold .
“ I really think popular culture shows like this can change consciousnesses , ” they said .
“ They can change people 's attitudes so this reflects some of the changes already happened and will hopefully normalise further that we 're people just like everybody else . ”
Magda recently opened up about losing their mother while they were tirelessly campaigning during the postal survey .
Takaya Honda , who plays David , called taking part in the storyline “ an absolute privilege ” and “ a historic moment in Australian television . ”
“ There have been so many parts of David 's story that have given me a great sense of pride and which have been an absolute honour to portray , ” they said .
“ We are both ecstatic to be part of this huge moment in Australian television and it stands alone as the highlight of my career , ” Matt Wilson , who plays Aaron , said .
“ This storyline means a lot to me , to my friends and to all the fans we hear from on a daily basis here and in the UK who love Aaron and David . ”
Wilson last year came under fire for making insipid remarks about their how their character “ acts straight ” and therefore “ acts normal ” .
Neighbours executive producer Jason Herbison said it 's “ a story that we have been working on for a long time . ”
“ Would our story about love and equality even be legal by the time it aired ? Thankfully love won and we 're very excited for viewers to see this iconic moment come to life on screen . ”
Marie Curie Cancer Care 's Hawick fund-raising group has been adopted as charity of the year by the local Sainsbury 's branch after customers voted for it in the store or online .
Since 2009 , the supermarket giant 's outlets have each selected a charity of the year to partner with , to date raising more than £13m for good causes .
Local MP and MSP , John Lamont and Rachael Hamilton , joined Marie Curie fund-raisers to collect money at the Hawick store last weekend – the total was £730.29 .
Anne Adams , from the Hawick fund-raising group , said : “ It 's been a bit of a whirlwind these last three weeks for us . During that time we found out that we had been voted by the shoppers at Sainsbury 's Hawick to be the chosen charity of the year for the branch . We were all amazed and humbled to have been chosen .
“ Thank you to everyone who voted for Marie Curie as the Sainsbury 's Hawick branch charity . Thank you to the management and staff for all your help – we look forward to working with you all in the coming year . Thank you to our volunteers who helped with the collection over the weekend – as always , you give of your time so willingly .
Mr Lamont commented : “ Hawick 's Marie Curie team are extremely hardworking and are a very worthy nomination of charity of the year for Hawick 's Sainsbury 's . I was delighted to do my bit to help collect money for this fantastic cause and spread the word about the important work the charity does . ”
Mrs Hamilton added : “ Every bit of fund-raising helps provide care for those who are terminally ill in the Borders and beyond , and the Hawick team were so pleased to have been voted as the charity of the year .
“ The local Hawick branch received plenty of donations from local shoppers for Marie Curie and we spoke to lots of people about how this wonderful charity can benefit people right across the Borders . ”
The group has also organised a film fund-raiser at the Heart of Hawick on Saturday , September 23 . The movie is Dirty Dancing – tickets ( £10 , including a glass of wine or soft drink ) .
And on Saturday , October 14 , the group is staging a coffee morning in Trinity Church Hall , Hawick .
z The photograph shows the two politicians with members of the fund-raising group and Sainsbury 's Hawick staff .
Let 's raise a toast to the late great Anita Pallenberg , queen of the underground , the Rolling Stones muse who gave the Glimmer Twins their glimmer lessons . Pallenberg , who died Tuesday night at the age of 73 , was n't merely Keith Richards ' consort – they were a
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com : Why Anita Pallenberg , Rolling Stones Muse , Was Queen of the Underground
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around . Watch them go .
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
St. Charles school , park officials get delay in 250-apartment project vote
hello
St. Charles park and school officials took a rare stance against the final approval of a 250-apartment development project on the city 's west side Monday night . It came down to money .
While most officials had high praise for the Prairie Winds plan , there 's not yet a land appraisal for the development site that all taxing bodies can agree on . Aldermen , in deference to the park district , delayed the final vote until May .
School board President Kathy Hewell joined park district director Holly Cabel in calling for delaying the final vote on the development so the two taxing bodies ' financial concerns can be considered . The Big Rock-based developer pursuing the plan , Executive Capital Corp. , has submitted two appraisals that would undercut the fees the school and park districts expect to reap from the project .
At issue is the difference between how the city values an acre of land with city utilities and improvements such as sidewalks , streets and curbs , and the developer 's appraisals . The city puts it at $ 240,500 per acre , based on a 2008 determination . The developer puts that value as low as $ 29,000 per acre and as high as $ 112,304 per acre , depending on what factors and what comparable land parcels are considered fair comparisons .
Park officials believe the developer 's numbers are so far off that they will commission their own appraisal of the site .
The property is on Bricher Road , nestled between the Kane County Judicial Center complex and the Lowe 's and Meijer stores that serve as a buffer between the project and Randall Road . The plan calls for apartments in 25 total buildings with rents ranging between $ 1,350 to $ 2,200 per month .
Such a project calls for nearly $ 1.27 million to flow to the park district 's coffers for the added burdens the new residents living there will put on district services . But that figure is based on the per-acre land value and the assumption that none of the recreational amenities included in the project meet the district 's recreational standards .
`` We do have an issue with not having adequate involvement in the process , '' Cabel told aldermen in asking for a delay to the final vote . `` The amenities should be considered . ''
Likewise , Hewell said the project is coming onto school district officials ' radar . They said a major change to the method for calculating fair value of the land for development will also translate into major changes for the financial support new developments provide to local schools .
`` We 're concerned that future development will also want this deal , '' Hewell said . `` The numbers for the land value do n't seem to be apples to apples . ''
Jeff Ratzer , vice president of Executive Capital Corp. , said the park district 's attempts to undercut the quality of the proposed amenities in the project are an insult . They also pledged to make good on any money the school district believes it is entitled to , no matter what happens to the city 's land value calculations .
`` What we propose to do is make sure the school district is made whole , '' Ratzer said . `` We are trying to get the park district more in line . We are not trying to hamper the school district . ''
Aldermen , in deference to the park district , delayed the final vote until May . Alderman Todd Bancroft called on the park district to be clear on what its standards are for acceptable amenities as well as specific details from the city regarding what an acceptable land appraisal must include .
Mayor Ray Rogina said they believe all concerned parties are not as far away from agreement as it may seem . They believe all the outstanding issues can be addressed by the next full council meeting in early May .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Airbnb 's edge on room prices depends on tax advantages
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
SCIENCE
You ca n't squeeze blood from a stone , but wringing water from the desert sky is now possible , thanks to a new spongelike device that uses sunlight to suck water molecules from air , even in low humidity . ( Science )
How else is solar energy being harnessed ?
Teachers , scroll down for a quick list of key resources in our Teachers Toolkit .
Discussion Ideas
The great Science article describes a new prototype device that uses solar energy to pull water out of thin air . Where does the water seemingly created by the device actually come from ? It really does come from the air , although air is not really all that thin . The air that surrounds our planet is thick with gases such as nitrogen , oxygen , argon , carbon dioxide , helium , neon … and water . ( Read our encyclopedic entry to learn more about our amazing atmosphere . ) Atmospheric water is probably most obvious to us in humid weather , in which the air contains a large amount of water . However , smaller amounts of atmospheric water are present even in arid climates .
How does the water-harvesting device work ? Take a look at the great Science diagram for some help . At night , the device is opened , allowing air to flow into a MOF that grabs and holds water molecules . During the day , the chamber is closed , and the sun 's heat causes the MOF to release the water as vapor that condenses and is collected . The device , using one kilogram of MOF , is able to extract 2.8 liters ( 3 quarts ) of water a day from air with humidity as low as 20 % .
What obstacles remain for the water harvester ? It 's a complex device that ca n't be easily assembled by people not working at MIT and Berkeley . The zirconium used in the MOF “ costs $ 150 a kilogram ( 2.2 pounds ) , making water-harvesting devices too expensive to be broadly useful . ”
Why is this water harvester considered such an important development ? The device has the potential to help address the freshwater crisis , in which millions of people do not have access to clean freshwater . Learn more about the freshwater crisis with our lesson plan . The device is especially intriguing because it holds potential for use in arid and remote areas that are not connected to a power grid or water pipeline system . The chemist in the video , Omar Yaghi , reminds us that “ One-third of the world 's population lives in arid regions , where water is scarce . But the air in those regions contains about 30 % humidity . ”
TEACHERS TOOLKIT
Science : This new solar-powered device can pull water straight from the desert air
UC Berkeley : Pulling drinkable water out of dry air
Nat Geo : What is solar energy ? encyclopedic entry
Nat Geo : Will there be enough freshwater ? lesson
The new deal gives women in the industry a maternity package that few outside of Silicon Valley can currently access .
The membership of the 130,000-strong Ironworkers union is an overwhelmingly male crowd , but the approximately 2,100 women just won a benefit that would be prized by working women across the country : Six months of paid maternity leave . The leave , designed to be taken prior to delivery , complements six to eight weeks of post-delivery leave . `` The challenges of physical work associated with the ironworking trade create unique health challenges that can jeopardize a pregnancy , '' the union said in a statement announcing the benefit , noting that paid maternity leave `` is virtually unheard of in the building trades . '' The numbers put maternity leave for iron working women on par with corporate employees at tech companies like Etsy , Adobe , Spotify and Cisco . Netflix and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation are among the only companies that offer workers more paid parental leave , according to data gathered by Care @ Work , which specializes in family benefits . Bill Brown , CEO of Ben Hur Construction Co. , called the benefit `` an investment , because we want our well-trained ironworker women to come back to work . ''
Using back-of-the-envelope calculations , Brown estimated that training a new ironworker costs $ 32,000 over the course of a four-year apprenticeship , during which time the workers are also paid regular salaries . `` So when you add payroll to 32K a year , and you lose a woman worker , you 're out more than 32K , '' they said . `` Then you have to train another person to take their place , so it 's a 64K proposition if you lose one female apprentice . `` To protect our investment , if we wanted women to stay in our industry , we had to do something . '' Brown acts as co-chair of the Iron Workers labor-management working group , which came up with the plan for six months of paid leave along with Iron Workers General President Eric Dean . Dean said they believe the benefit is the first of its kind in the building industry , but that they hope it will be a model for others . The working group began talking about maternity benefits when looking into why such a high number of women were leaving the workforce for other professions . `` We 've always had women , but never had an abundance of women , '' Dean said . `` And many of them were leaving the industry after we spent an inordinate amount of time training them . ''
While attending an industry conference focused on women in the profession , Dean heard a woman recount their decision to continue showing up to a job-site months into their pregnancy — `` because if you do n't stay at the job-site , you do n't get a check , and if you do n't get a check , you do n't get coverage , '' they said . Despite keeping their health coverage , the woman had a miscarriage . `` It was a heartfelt moment in the room , '' Dean recalled . `` Everyone 's stomach dropped , like someone had gut-punched you . '' But the motivation for providing leave was n't only medical . Both public and private employers `` are insisting that the workforce on the construction site replicate the workforce in the community , '' Brown said . `` And so we needed a more diverse workforce to satisfy new hiring requirements for minorities , women , and veterans . '' Contractors who fail to hire a certain percentage of women could sometimes face financial penalties , adding further incentive to the union and contractors ' agreement . `` It 's socially the right thing to do , '' they said , `` but it 's not a bad business proposition either . ''
Gladys Olateru-Olagbegi , the erstwhile Chief Judge of Ondo state , is dead , a source confirmed to The Media on Monday .
The source who claimed to be from the Omitowoju family where Mrs. Gladys Olubunmi Olateru-Olagbegi was born , said they died after battling with an undisclosed illness .
According to the source , the former Chief Justice died on Sunday night .
“ She ( Gladys Olateru-Olagbegi ) died on the night of New Year after battling with an illness , and their death was very shocking to the family members , ” they said .
Although , the source refused to give the details of their death to The Media but said late Gladys Olateru-Olagbegi died of a protracted illness .
“ At a time they were recuperating , but it was unfortunate when the announcement of their death was sent to my phone on Sunday night .
“ But , as soon as we are authorized to speak , I shall give you details about their sickness ” the source added .
Late Gladys Olateru-Olagbegi handed over to the present Justice Olasehinde Kumuyi of the State High Court .
Keidel : Has Mayweather Really Lost A Step ? During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith , Mayweather mused over their upcoming fight , and made some unusually self-effacing assertions . Most notably , that he 's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man , but also larger and stronger . So , says Mayweather , this is the first time their foe as the edge , at least on paper .
PIMCO Diversified Income Active ETF and PIMCO Global Advantage® Inflation-Linked Bond Active ETF are expected to liquidate in April
NEWPORT BEACH , CA -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) - PIMCO , a leading global investment management firm , will close and liquidate two exchange-traded funds .
PIMCO regularly reviews its product range to ensure it is meeting the requirements of clients in continuing to add value . Following careful consideration the decision has been made to close the following funds : PIMCO Diversified Income Active ETF ( `` DI '' ) ( NYSE : DI ) and PIMCO Global Advantage® Inflation-Linked Bond Active ETF ( `` ILB '' ) ( NYSE : ILB ) .
The last day of trading on NYSE Arca , Inc. ( `` NYSE Arca '' ) for each liquidating fund is expected to be March 31 , 2017 . Effective upon the close of business on March 31 , 2017 , DI and ILB will no longer accept orders for the purchase of Creation Units . Beginning when DI and ILB commence liquidation of their portfolios , the funds may not pursue their respective investment objectives or engage in normal business activities , except for the purposes of winding up their business and affairs , preserving the value of their assets , paying their liabilities , and distributing their remaining assets to shareholders .
The liquidation date for the funds will be on or about April 7 , 2017 ( `` Liquidation Date '' ) . There can be no assurance that there will be a market for the purchase or sale of fund shares during the time between the market close on March 31 , 2017 and the Liquidation Date , because fund shares will not be traded on NYSE Arca .
In connection with the liquidations , any shares of DI or ILB outstanding on the Liquidation Date will be automatically redeemed as of the close of business on the Liquidation Date without the imposition of customary redemption transaction fees . In exchange for such shares , proceeds of the liquidation will be distributed in accordance with ordinary settlement times . Although the liquidations are not expected to be taxable events for DI and ILB , for taxable shareholders , the automatic redemption of shares of the funds on the Liquidation Date will generally be treated as a sale that may result in a gain or loss for federal income tax purposes . Instead of waiting until the Liquidation Date , a shareholder may voluntarily sell their or their shares on NYSE Arca ( subject to customary transaction fees ) until the market close on March 31 , 2017 .
For additional information about the liquidations , shareholders of DI and ILB may call 888-400-4ETF ( 888-400-4383 ) .
About PIMCO
PIMCO is a leading global investment management firm with offices in 11 countries throughout North America , Europe and Asia . Founded in 1971 , PIMCO offers a wide range of innovative solutions to help millions of investors worldwide meet their needs . Our goal is to provide attractive returns while maintaining a strong culture of risk management and long-term discipline . PIMCO is the investment manager of the funds and is owned by Allianz S.E. , a leading global diversified financial services provider .
Investors should consider the investment objectives , risks , charges and expenses of the funds carefully before investing . This and other information are contained in the respective fund 's prospectus , which may be obtained by contacting your PIMCO representative . Please read the prospectus carefully before you invest .
ETFs are afforded certain exemptions from the Investment Company Act . The exemptions allow , among other things , for individual shares to trade on the secondary market . Individual shares can not be directly purchased from or redeemed by the ETF . Purchases and redemptions directly with ETFs are only accomplished through Creation Unit aggregations or `` baskets '' of shares . Shares of an ETF are bought and sold at market price ( not NAV ) . Brokerage commissions will reduce returns . Investment policies , management fees and other information can be found in the individual ETF 's prospectus .
Premiums ( when market price is above NAV ) or discounts ( when market price is below NAV ) reflect the differences ( expressed as a percentage ) between the NAV and the Market Price of a fund on a given day , generally at the time the NAV is calculated . A discount or premium could be significant . Data in chart format displaying the frequency distribution of discounts and premiums of the Market Price against the NAV can be found for each fund at www.pimcoetfs.com .
Except for the historical information and discussions contained herein , statements contained in this news release constitute forward-looking statements . These statements may involve a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially , including the performance of financial markets , the investment performance of PIMCO 's sponsored investment products and separately managed accounts , general economic conditions , future acquisitions , competitive conditions and government regulations , including changes in tax laws . Readers should carefully consider such factors . Further , such forward-looking statements speak only on the date at which such statements are made . PIMCO undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement .
This material has been distributed for informational purposes only and should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation of any particular security , strategy or investment product . No part of this material may be reproduced in any form , or referred to in any other publication , without express written permission . PIMCO is a trademark of Allianz Asset Management of America L.P. in the United States and throughout the world . PIMCO Investments LLC , distributor , 1633 Broadway , New York , NY 10019 , is a company of PIMCO . ©2017 , PIMCO .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( AP ) – The Alaska Volcano Observatory says a volcano in the Aleutian Islands has erupted again .
The observatory says Bogoslof Volcano erupted for six minutes starting at 8:17 a.m. Tuesday .
Satellite images of an ash cloud were not immediately available and the observatory could not estimate its height .
The eruption followed a series of explosive events at the volcano Monday night and the Aviation Color Code remains at “ warning ” level .
Ash from Aleutian volcanoes is a threat airliner operating between North America and Asia when a cloud rises above 20,000 feet .
Lower-level winds were expected to push a cloud northwest into the Bering Sea . Higher level winds could push ash southeast into the Gulf of Alaska .
The volcano is 850 miles southwest of Anchorage .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Two-time IBF junior middleweight titlist James DeGale ( right ) vs. Caleb Truax . Photo credit : Stephanie Trapp/Trapp Photos/Showtime
James DeGale 's second title reign is over without a single defense .
The Olympic gold medalist regained their IBF super middleweight belt in a rematch with Caleb Truax in April , but on Wednesday , they announced that 's they vacated their title .
They did so ahead of Thursday 's scheduled purse bid for a title fight between themselves and interim titleholder Jose Uzcategui , a dangerous puncher from Venezuela .
“ No world champion easily gives up their world title that they 've earned the hard way in the ring and I 've proudly held the IBF world title in two reigns with pride and distinction which is why it makes it very hard decision to relinquish the belt , ” DeGale said in a prepared statement . ” … I hope that by now vacating it will ease the transition to determine a successor between the interim champion Jose Uzcategui and the next highly ranked available contender .
“ I 've achieved so much in my career , Olympic Gold , British , European and International titles and two-time world champion and I believe I 'm at the top of my game right now . I 'm in the final phase of my career where I have a few good years left where I can be involved in massive fights and really leave a legacy in the division 's history . My team have been working very hard behind the scenes and we 've got some very big and exciting news to announce soon . ”
DeGale ( 24-2-1 , 14 knockouts ) began their first reign when they outpointed Andre Direll in May 2015 . The 32-year-old made two successful defenses before they were held to a draw in a fight of the year candidate against Badou Jack in January 2017 .
They underwent major reconstructive shoulder surgery that summer , and when they returned , they were shocked by Truax in one of the biggest upsets of the year .
DeGale won their title back , but they failed to impress against Truax , and appeared to be a different fighter than the man who inched near pound-for-pound consideration with their blend of athleticism and boxing acumen .
And now , he 's voluntarily relinquished their title rather than face Uzcategui , though it 's unclear what bigger fights DeGale may have on the table . One such possibility that 's been floated is a fall meeting with middleweight titleholder Billy Joe Saunders .
Uzcategui ( 27-2 , 23 KOs ) will have their shot at the title and it will now likely come against Caleb Plant , the IBF 's highest available contender . The super middleweight prospect will be pegged as a heavy underdog . After all , he 's untested , and Uzcategui 's stock has risen steadily since their first fight with Dirrell last year .
Uzcategui , 27 , was disqualified after dropping the American to the canvas with a series of shots , though the last one landed after the bell . In the rematch earlier this year , Uzcategui left no doubt with a sustained beating dished out on Dirrell before the fight was halted in the eighth round .
Mike Coppinger is the Senior Writer for RingTV.com . Follow them on Twitter : @ MikeCoppinger
MISSION , KS -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - ( Family Features ) Hunger in America is much closer than you may think . With the USDA reporting that one in eight Americans struggles with hunger , including more than 13 million children , food insecurity is an issue facing families in every county across the country . Spring is a particularly difficult time for families struggling with hunger because food banks across the country are also facing a time of year known as the `` spring hunger gap , '' when food supply is often at its lowest level .
To help provide meals to people struggling with hunger , companies like Walmart have created unique campaigns like `` Fight Hunger . Spark Change . '' that call on the public to take action and join in the fight against hunger . The campaign takes place every spring and encourages the millions of customers who shop at its stores each week to take action by supporting the Feeding America network of food banks and the more than 46 million Americans it serves throughout the country .
`` The campaign is an important part of Walmart 's commitment to helping families who struggle with hunger , '' said Kathleen McLaughlin , president of the Walmart Foundation and chief sustainability officer for Walmart . `` Together with our suppliers , customers and friends at Feeding America , we 're dedicated to making a positive difference in the lives of those who live and work in the communities we serve . ''
The `` Fight Hunger . Spark Change . '' campaign provides support to each of Feeding America 's 200 member food banks . The retailer 's commitment to fighting hunger can be seen through food bank programs across the country , such as those offered at the Philabundance food bank in Philadelphia and FeedMore in Central Virginia .
The Philabundance Community Kitchen ( PCK ) is an adult culinary arts vocational training program that prepares low-income women and men to work in commercial kitchens . Beyond the practical results of launching more people into the workforce , Philabundance also helps provide an average of 90,000 meals every week to people facing hunger in the Delaware Valley .
FeedMore is Central Virginia 's core hunger-relief organization . Its Mobile Pantry program works to distribute a variety of healthy food items to underserved communities with limited access to grocery stores . The Mobile Pantry goes above and beyond to provide each household in need with about 35 pounds of perishable and non-perishable food items for each distribution .
Getting involved to help fight hunger in your community may be easier than you think . Here 's what you can do :
Volunteer . It does n't take a big time commitment to make an impact . Visit your local Feeding America food bank and ask about volunteer opportunities .
Donate . If you ca n't contribute time , donate food or money . Your local Feeding America food bank can always use help restocking its shelves .
Spread the word . Get to know the facts about hunger and spread the word through your social media activities . The `` Fight Hunger . Spark Change . '' campaign relies heavily on social media to raise awareness of the issue and drive donations to Feeding America food banks across the country .
To learn more about what you can do to help curb the spring hunger gap and provide meals to families facing hunger in your community , visit walmart.com/fighthunger .
About Family Features Editorial Syndicate
Established in 1974 , Family Features is a leading provider of free food and lifestyle content for print and online publications . Our articles , photos , videos and web content solutions save you time , money and help create advertising opportunities . Registration is fast and free -- with absolutely no obligation . Visit editors.familyfeatures.com for more information .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's a positive step that , two years on from 'dieselgate ' , and quite a scrap with big car-producing nations , the EU has finally put in place tougher checks which - if implemented robustly - should help prevent cheating by automakers like that seen with Volkswagen .
The measures go in the right direction , with European oversight of national authorities ' testing of cars and enforcement powers .
The commission will be able to check cars , make recalls and impose significant fines on firms caught cheating . At the same time , excessive burdens on manufacturers appear to have been avoided .
A balance has been struck but one that should at last mean cars do what manufactures say they do , within certain caveats ( quite how Brexit fits in with this is anyone 's guess ) .
The measures could , for example , go further in bringing in outside independent experts to beef up credibility and transparency - this had been opposed by some car-producing nations . And real world testing of CO2 emissions is still very much needed .
But it 's a big step in the right direction and one that 's much needed in the wake of the dieselgate emissions-fixing scandal that engulfed the world 's biggest carmaker , Volkswagen ( VW ) , back in 2015 .
In case you missed it , the VW scandal unfolded as one of the greatest corporate disasters in history and one that will eventually cost the company somewhere in the €25 - €35 billion range ( think recall costs , brand damage , lost sales , discounts , fines and lawsuits ) .
This automotive 'Libor moment ' also led to more cities and governments restricting the use of diesels in polluted cities , something we have seen already in cities like Paris , which plans to ban older diesel cars from 2020 .
London 's ultra-low emissions zone aims to stop the dirtiest diesels driving through the centre of the city . Other cities will follow .
Government attitudes have turned as well , with those such as in the UK saying they will ban 'pure ' petrols and diesels from 2040 .
And in the wake of the VW scandal , we now see both tougher testing of emissions and fuel efficiency by regulators that better reflects real world driving conditions and EU oversight to make sure national governments are testing properly .
These measures in turn are likely to make diesel-powered cars more expensive to produce if they need to be fitted with systems that better clean up their waste emissions , thus affecting their popularity .
( Image : Peter Byrne/PA Wire )
For years , diesels were pushed by European manufacturers and governments as a supposedly clean alternative to petrol cars in tackling climate change , producing lower tail pipe CO2 emissions and offering better fuel efficiency .
But that ignored their effect on urban air quality as testing was not rigorous enough to pick up their harmful impacts . That is now changing .
Diesels sales accounted for over 52 per cent of the European car market as late as 2015 , in stark contrast to other major markets where diesel sales were tiny .
That figure has fallen to 43 per cent today and could drop as low as 15 per cent by 2025 , according to some estimates , as a massive shift away from diesels occurs .
Consumers are spooked by a 'perfect storm ' of concerns over tighter regulation in cities , new tax rates , resale values , and tighter 'real world ' testing .
For years , European governments effectively subsidised diesels through car tax rates and in so doing slowed the transition to hybrids and electric cars .
Interestingly , Japanese and American carmakers have gone down different technological routes in trying to tackle greenhouse gas emissions .
The Japanese - and Toyota in particular - went down the petrol hybrid route while US firms like GM and Tesla have gone into pure electrics and plug-in hybrids .
While BMW has at least made significant invest6ments in electric cars like the i3 and i8 , it 's the European premium players ( BMW , Audi , Mercedes-Benz , JLR and Volvo ) which are now particularly exposed to a diesel downturn and may have placed the wrong 'bets ' .
Their average CO2 emissions could rise sharply , increasing the potential for EU fines for 2020 emissions standards non-compliance .
They will also need to spend heavily on technology to replace diesels with battery-electric , plug-in hybrids or even fuel cells .
Firms like JLR and Volvo have said they would offer electrics and hybrids across their entire fleet from 2019 or 2020 . But they are playing catch up with the likes of Tesla .
( Image : Darren Quinton )
The decline of diesels also poses a major risk for banks and financing companies , which will have to write off millions due to worsening diesel residual values . Petrol hybrids and electric cars will likely emerge as winners from the VW debacle and legislative tightening .
But so far , apart from Tesla 's in roads into the premium market , sales of pure electric vehicles ( EVs ) have been something of a disappointment .
EV takes up has only really happened on a big scale in Norway thanks to substantial government support .
As our new research shows , a range of factors have hindered the take-up of electric vehicles , including a lack of confidence in electric vehicle technology and performance , uncertainty over the lifespan of expensive batteries , a lack of awareness of the incentives available that make electric vehicles cheap to run , and a relative lack of model choice , linked to a perception that electric vehicles are not very stylish .
Ultimately , the range capable by EVs needs to double and prices halve before this really becomes a serious goer outside of urban areas.But I can see that happening by the mid to late-2020s when EVs start to out compete traditional petrol and diesel cars .
Looking ahead , the VW scandal may have given existing car firms and new entrants a big incentive to step up investment programmes in electric ( and autonomous cars ) given a demise of diesel .
And we are set for some genuinely disruptive and transformational new entrants and automotive technologies .
Maybe , there will indeed be a societal silver lining to this corporate diesel cloud , after all ?
Professor David Bailey works at Aston Business School
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Weighing U.S. withdrawal from the Iran nuclear accord , President Donald Trump declared on Tuesday that if the Iranians “ restart their nuclear program , they will have bigger problems than they 've ever had before . ”
Trump issued their warning alongside French President Emmanuel Macron in the Oval Office , where the two allies discussed the multinational nuclear agreement , the war in Syria and trade issues during a day of meetings at the White House .
Speaking at a joint news conference Tuesday , Trump appeared to be more in line with Macron 's push for a longer-term U.S. presence in Syria . Trump , who announced weeks ago that they would withdraw American troops , said Macron reinforced the idea of a potential Iranian takeover of territory liberated from the Islamic State group .
“ We 'll be coming home , ” Trump said , “ but we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint . ”
Macron told Trump that together the U.S. and France would defeat terrorism , curtail weapons of mass destruction in North Korea and Iran and act together on behalf of the planet , a reference to Macron 's work to revive a U.S. role in the Paris climate accord .
As for Iran , Trump was asked by reporters if they might be willing to stay in the Iran agreement . They replied , “ People know my views on the Iran deal . … It 's insane , it 's ridiculous . It should have never been made . ”
One of Macron 's main objectives during their three-day visit to Washington is to persuade Trump to stay in the accord , which is aimed at restricting Iran 's development of nuclear weapons . Trump , skeptical of the pact 's effectiveness , has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears .
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif warned the Trump administration Tuesday that pulling out would undermine America 's talks with North Korea by proving the U.S. reneges on its promises .
They told The Associated Press in an interview that if Trump withdraws , Iran would “ most likely ” abandon the deal as well . Speaking before Trump 's comments with Macron , Zarif added that Iran would no longer be bound by the deal 's international obligations . That would free Iran to resume enrichment activity beyond the limits imposed by the 2015 accord .
Trump remains publicly undecided on the deal , saying Tuesday “ no one knows ” what he 'll do at the deadline they set to determine America 's position . But they reminded their French counterpart of what they see as flaws in the agreement , which they said fails to address ballistic missiles or Iran 's activities in Yemen or Syria .
Macron told reporters that they and Trump would look at the Iran deal “ in a wider regional context , ” taking into account the situation in Syria . “ We have a common objective , we want to make sure there 's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region . We now need to find the right path forward , ” Macron said .
Trump suggested they were open to “ doing something ” on the Iran agreement as long as it was done “ strongly. ” They told Macron , “ We could have at least an agreement among ourselves very quickly. ” But when they were asked by reporters what that agreement would be , Trump said , “ You 'll find out . ”
During the press conference , Macron added that they and Trump discussed pursuing a “ new agreement ” with Iran on the broader regional concerns , including Syria . But it was not clear whether Trump would be willing to keep the U.S. in the current deal , known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action , in the meantime .
U.S. military and intelligence officials have urged Trump not to pull out of the agreement , arguing it has halted Iran 's nuclear program .
Trump also informed Macron that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un wanted to meet “ as soon as possible. ” The president , who once derided Kim as “ Little Rocket Man , ” said the North Korean dictator had been “ very open ” and “ very honorable ” so far .
Domestic concerns were also near the surface for Trump . They refused to answer a reporter 's question as to whether they are considering a pardon for their personal lawyer , Michael Cohen , whose office was raided by the FBI . Trump called it “ a stupid question. ” Cohen has not been charged in the case .
As Trump hosted the French president for the first official state visit of their administration , they and Macron lavished praise — and even a pair of kisses — on one another Tuesday . “ It 's an honor to call you my friend , ” Trump said , after predicting Macron would be a historic leader of France .
In a lighter moment , Trump and Macron demonstrated some of the chemistry that has marked their relationship . The U.S. president brushed something off Macron 's suit jacket , saying , “ We have a very special relationship , in fact I 'll get that little piece of dandruff off. ” Trump added , “ We have to make them perfect — they are perfect . ”
The meetings followed a pomp-filled welcome ceremony on the South Lawn . Trump said before an audience of U.S. soldiers and members of their Cabinet that the relationship they forged with Macron at the start of their presidency was a testament to the “ enduring friendship that binds our two nations. ” They thanked the French leader for their “ steadfast partnership ” in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria .
Macron said , “ History is calling us . It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times . France and with it , Europe , and the United States have an appointment with history . ”
The social highlight of Macron 's visit comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House . About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera . On Monday night , the leaders took a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and had dinner at the Potomac River home of George Washington in Mount Vernon , Virginia .
Tuesday 's meetings follow the collaboration by the U.S. , France and Britain in missile strikes in Syria earlier this month to respond to the alleged chemical weapons attack . The U.S. has 2,000 troops in Syria assisting local Arab and Kurdish fighters against IS , though Trump has resisted a deeper U.S. involvement and is eager to withdraw completely from Syria .
Macron 's three-day visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship : Macron , who calls Trump often , has emerged as something of a “ Trump whisperer ” at a time when the American president 's relationships with other European leaders are more strained . Trump , who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony , chose to honor Macron with the first state visit of their administration as they woo the French president .
Trump ended their first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit , the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so . They were Macron 's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the center of Paris . Macron and their wife also took Trump and first lady Melania Trump on a tour of Napoleon 's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light .
Macron was welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute . They were also attending a State Department lunch hosted by Vice President Mike Pence .
( © Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Even though actor Nagarjuna has been a part of the Telugu film industry for nearly three decades , the frenzy surrounding them refuses to die down . The veteran is held in high regard , thanks to their evergreen personality and macho looks . In fact , some fans even feel that they can still give their sons Naga Chaitanya and Akhil , a run for their money .
At present , Nagarjuna is gearing up for the release of Officer which is slated to hit the screens this Friday ( June 1 , 2018 ) . The film is a cop-drama and features them in the role of a ruthless police officer . Officer has created some buzz amongst movie-goers and is an important release for all concerned . Directed by Ram Gopal Varma , it also features newcomer Myra Sareen in a key role and promises to be an action-packed affair .
Interestingly , while announcing it , RGV had said that this is going to be quite different from anything Nagarjuna has done in the past . It will be worth watching if the film is able to make a mark at the box office .
With Officer set to release , here is a look at five Nagarjuna films that are a must-watch .
Siva Ram Gopal 's maiden directorial venture , Siva hit the screens in 1989 and proved to be game-changer . Revolving around the intricacies of student politics , this crime-drama became the talk of the town courtesy its raw/intense action scenes and bold presentation . Also featuring Amala in the lead , it was remade in Hindi with the same cast the very next year , and the remake too received praises from all quarters . Ninne Pelladata A family-based romantic drama , Ninne Pelladata went a long way in establishing Nagarjuna as Tollywood 's king of on-screen romance . Directed by noted director Krishna Vamsi , the film did well at the box office and received the proverbial thumbs up from critics . It featured Tabu as the female lead and their chemistry with Nagarjuna proved to be the USP of Ninne Pelladata . Annamaya A devotional film , Annamaya saw Nagarjuna play the role of the 15th century saint of the same name and showcase their acting abilities the fullest . Directed by maverick film-maker K Raghavendra Rao , it featured Ramya Krishnan as the female lead and opened to a blockbuster response at the box office . Sri Ramadasu Often described as Nagarjuna 's finest film ever , Sri Ramadasu was directed by K Raghavendra Rao and saw the actor deliver a highly refined/mature performance . It clicked with fans , courtesy its religious/devotional undertones and proved to be a big hit . Sri Ramadasu also had Sneha and ANR in key roles . Manam Released in 2014 , Manam saw Nagarjuna share screen space with Chay and ANR and is regarded as one of Telugu cinema 's finest family films . Revolving around how love for one 's parents never dies and touching upon reincarnation , Manam did well at the box office and received praises because of its heart-warming narrative .
After a divisive week at San Diego City Hall , council members are working to move forward as yet another controversial issue looms .
On Monday , the council will decide the fate of the Soccer City redevelopment project .
That discussion will follow a tumultuous political climate that culminated Tuesday . Democratic council members publically blasted Mayor Kevin Faulconer during a failed vote to override their budget veto . The veto included Faulconer 's decision to reallocate money from several council districts .
“ Actively choosing to punish and target other elected officials , their districts , their communities , for disagreeing with you Mayor Faulconer is something you 'd expect from President Trump or even from someone like previous Mayor Filner , ” said District 8 Councilmember David Alvarez at the council meeting Tuesday .
“ We must be mindful that any one of us can be a target of such deliberate retaliation . This sets a precedent for the future , ” said District 3 Councilmember Chris Ward . Their district lost $ 362,957 dollars after the veto .
District 1 councilmember Barbara Bry saw $ 311,838 taken from their district .
“ With the mayor 's action , the message is that civic dialogue is over . Transparent debate has no place . And council docket and discussion is a farce , ” said Bry , during the meeting .
Photos Shooting at GOP Congressional Baseball Practice
A day later , Bry stood strong and spoke of moving forward while expressing them disappointment .
“ At this point , I 'd like to make sure we repair the human interactions and the relationships and I think that 's what is most important , ” said Bry .
Councilman Chris Cate said they supported the mayor 's action to send the reallocated money toward public safety . They called the recent bipartisan disagreements rare .
“ My hope is that we can move forward and start doing the business of the city in a way that folks and residents expect of us , ” said Cate .
WASHINGTON — Vice President Joe Biden told President-elect Donald Trump on Thursday to “ grow up . ”
Biden dismissed Trump 's complaint on Twitter about how the Obama administration has handled the transition . The vice president told “ PBS NewsHour ” in an interview that it 's time for Trump “ to be an adult . ”
Biden said to Trump : “ You 're president . You 've got to do something . Show us what you have . ”
The vice president also said that Trump as president will have to propose legislation that Congress and the public can then assess . They said that it 'll be “ much clearer what he 's for and against ” once he 's in the position of governing .
And Biden said it 's “ dangerous ” for Trump to publicly criticize the US intelligence community .
Biden said it 's “ absolutely mindless ” for a president not to have confidence in or listen to the intelligence agencies . The vice president said it would be legitimate to question intelligence and ask for more detail or disagree . But they said that 's different than Trump claiming they know more than the intelligence agencies .
Biden said that 's like saying , “ I know more about physics than my professor. ” They said that 's worrisome , but they assume Trump 's behavior will change . They said Trump is surrounding themselves with “ very smart people ” like retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis , the billionaire business person 's pick for defense secretary .
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt 's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year 's Eve . However , if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year , there are enough local family activities on New Year 's Day .
LAUDERHILL , FLA. ( WSVN ) - Several homes have been damaged and two people were injured after a crane collapsed in Lauderhill .
Lauderhill Fire Rescue crews responded to the scene near Northwest 11th Street and 44th Terrace , just before 4 p.m. , Wednesday .
According fire rescuers , there are at least two injuries : the crane operator and an occupant of one of the homes .
Crews said the crane was erecting a Florida Power and Light Pole when it toppled over .
It remains unknown how many homes have been effected by the collapse .
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Pankhuri
A day ago , Pankhuri shared a picture and wrote , `` Hello , you missed your countdown post ! You 'll have to do two today I guess ! # lol # 3 # letsdocloseups # waterandice . ''
Gautam & Pankhuri Engaged
Regarding Pankhuri , Gautam had told BT , `` I feel lucky to have found a life partner like them We share the same wavelength and they have fit into my family perfectly . ''
Pankhuri Says ...
The actor told , `` We have taken the first step . The families have wholeheartedly welcomed our union . In Gautam , I have found the answer to all my dreams . I 'm eagerly looking forward to the most important phase of my life . ''
Suryaputra Karn Actors
For the uninitiated , Gautam and Pankhuri met each other on the sets of Sony TV 's Suryaputra Karn . Gautam played the role of Karna , while Pankhuri was seen portrayed the role of Draupadi .
Gautam & Pankhuri 's Wedding Will Be A Grand Affair !
Although the couple 's age difference had initially become a matter of concern for both their parents , they eventually agreed to the match . Apparently , the wedding will be a grand North Indian affair .
Flymen Fishing Company , in partnership with Orvis , Taylor Fly Fishing , Ahrex Hooks , and Renzetti , has announced an online fly tying contest . The Flymen team will vote to choose 1 weekly winner for 6 weeks .
Read more in the press release below .
Flymen Fishing Co . Announces Fly Tying Contest in Partnership With Orvis , Taylor Fly Fishing , Ahrex Hooks , and Renzetti
Flymen Fishing Company is calling all fly tyers to enter their online fly tying contest .
You can enter by tying a fly that integrates a shank from the Flymen Articulated Shank family , taking a photo of it , then posting the photo on Instagram , tagging @ flymenfishingco , @ orvisflyfishing , @ taylorflyfishing , @ renzettiinc , and @ ahrexhooks in your post , and hashtagging # DestinationArticulationFlyTyingContest .
The Flymen team will vote to choose 1 weekly winner for 6 weeks . Winners will be announced on the Friday of each week ( check the official contest page for details ) . Each weekly winner will be sent a prize pack with Flymen product and swag from all four companies involved .
“ The criteria for winning can be anything from realism to creativity , so we want fly tyers to go crazy with their designs , ” said Martin Bawden , founder and head product designer of Flymen Fishing Company . “ We love seeing innovative ideas from nymphs to streamers to foam flies . ”
At the end of the 6 weeks , Flymen will re-post the 6 winning flies on a webpage for a voting period . After the voting period , the grand prizes will be given to the fly tyers who tied the flies with the most votes .
The grand prizes :
1st place – Taylor Fly Fishing Revolution Fly Reel ( $ 359 Retail Value — Size of Winner 's Choice ) .
2nd place – Ahrex Hooks Super Pack ( $ 300 Retail Value — Winner 's Choice of Ahrex Products ) .
3rd place – Renzetti Traveler 2000 Vise + $ 100 Worth of Renzetti Fly Tying Materials ( $ 270 total retail value ) .
If you take part in voting in the final round to decide the winner you 'll be entered into a sweepstake drawing for a chance to win an Orvis Helios3 Fly Rod . Not a bad deal !
About Flymen Fishing Company :
Flymen Fishing Company designs , produces , and sells innovative fly tying materials that combine ease of tying with top-notch performance on the water , as well as ranges of flies based on the materials .
Trey Bergman , center , raises their hands in victory after they defended their top title at the Mile High Key Lime Pie Eatin ' Contest Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 , in Key West , Fla. Bergman , a Houston attorney , consumed a 9-inch pie in one minute , 40.57 seconds . The eating competition has become a July 4th tradition in the Florida Keys and is the island chain 's answer to New York City 's hot dog eating contest . It attracted 25 entrants and highlighted Key West 's annual Key Lime Festival . FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY ( Rob O'Neal/Florida Keys News Bureau/HO )
KEY WEST , Fla. ( AP ) — A Texas attorney has won a Key lime pie-eating contest in the Florida Keys where the tart , creamy dessert originated in the late 1800s .
Defending champion Trey Bergman of Houston consumed a 9-inch pie smothered with whipped cream in in a minute , 40.57 seconds Wednesday , immersing their face in it since competitors could n't use their hands .
A sweeter alternative to New York City 's July 4 hotdog-eating challenge , the contest drew 25 entrants and highlighted Key West 's annual Key Lime Festival .
Key lime pie was designated Florida 's official pie in 2006 by the state legislature . Ingredients are condensed milk , egg yolks and the juice of tiny yellow Key limes , typically with a graham cracker crust and a meringue topping .
Other festival events included a Key Lime Pie Drop and a pie-tasting stroll .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Bark-Andre Furry with Credit One Bank members during the donation ceremony . ( Photo : Credit One Bank )
Members of The Shade Tree receiving a donation from Credit One Bank and the Vegas Golden Knights Foundation . ( Photo : Credit One Bank )
Credit One Bank and the Vegas Golden Knights Foundation donated $ 37,000 to Family Promise of Las Vegas and The Shade Tree yesterday .
Credit One Bank said the donations were part of the continuing commitment to give back to the community and half the money raised were during silent auctions during Golden Knights games . The other half was matched by Credit One Bank .
During the ceremony , special guests included the Golden Knights ' mascot Chance and Bark-Andre Furry .
A mini prep rally was held in front of the Credit One Bank headquarters in the southwest part of Las Vegas , near Buffalo Road and the I-215 , the bank said .
The Shade Tree and Family Promise of Las Vegas are local nonprofits dedicated to providing housing and emergency services to families , women and children .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Select a page Home News Categories — Breaking News — News Headlines — Politics — Sports News Programmes Audio Archive — Audio Archive — Interviews Advertising Freedom on Facebook Twitter About Us — Brief , Vision , Mission — Board of Directors — Editorial Board — Management — Testimonials
The trail : Morro Dunes Ecological Reserve . From downtown San Luis Obispo , take Highway 101 south and exit at Los Osos Valley Road . Head east on Los Osos Valley Road for about 9 miles , then take a left on Broderson Avenue . The trailhead is at the dead end near the Highland Drive intersection .
Distance : Approximately a 2 1/2 -mile loop .
Difficulty : Easy to moderate .
Tips : This trail has a wide variety of terrain for such a short trail . There 's soft red sand , loose gravel and jagged rocks . Make sure to wear proper hiking shoes . Trekking poles may also be recommended on the steeper section near the peak . There is n't much shade either , so make sure to bring sunscreen .
Dogs : Allowed .
Parking : There is no official parking for the trail , so find what you can on the street near the trailhead .
Facilities : None .
Description : This hike through the Morro Dunes Ecological Reserve in Los Osos loops into the northern section of Montaña de Oro State Park and has a large variety of terrain . If you do n't want to do the entire loop , the first part of the trail is easy to navigate and is perfect for an out-and-back dog walk that provides cool views of Morro Bay and Morro Rock .
The trail 's highest point , which sits near a small , shady eucalyptus grove about 800 feet above sea level , provides an amazing panoramic view of Los Osos Valley . There are some tricky narrow spots with high walls formed by rainwater , and the trail gets steep once you enter Montaña De Oro .
CONCORD — A man suspected of driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol crashed a car into a power pole early Wednesday , sending them and a passenger to the hospital and causing a major power outage , authorities said .
Alan Bocanegra , 28 , of Walnut Creek , initially fled the crash scene in the 1900 block of Oak Grove Road , but officers found them a short distance away after a short search , Concord police spokesperson Corp. Summer Galer said . They later went by ambulance to a hospital , along with an unidentified passenger . Both are expected to recover fully .
Police arrested Bocanegra on suspicion of DUI , hit-and-run , and obstructing a peace officer .
The crash happened around 1:55 a.m. and knocked out power to 830 PG & E customers , company spokesperson J.D . Guidi said . PG & E crews reduced that number to less than 500 by 6 a.m. , and were working to restore the three remaining customers still affected at 10 a.m .
The repairs to the pole and to the electrical system in that area are n't expected to be completed until 3 p.m. , and those three customers wo n't have power back until then , Guidi said .
Police closed Oak Grove Road between Fox Way and Sierra Road for approximately four hours while the repairs were made and an investigation took place , Galer said .
Check back for updates .
1:24 High-speed rail begins work on Fresno Trench near downtown Pause
0:15 An explosive way to get a bottle of sparkling wine ready for sale
1:38 Take Your Child to Work Day is everyday for some at Trust Automation
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:42 Water gushes at California 's Lake Oroville dam
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
Jesus Christ is being removed from a South Carolina church .
A statue of Jesus Christ and accompanying artwork that has been displayed at Red Bank Baptist Church for more than a decade will be taken down by Thursday , according to church officials .
The art will be removed because a majority of the congregation voted that the 7-foot-tall statue and sculpted reliefs were `` causing some confusion . ''
According to the church , many people think the sculptures are Catholic and not representative of a Baptist church .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
`` We have discovered that there are people that view the art as Catholic in nature . We understand that this is not a Catholic icon , however , people perceive it in these terms , '' said a letter that was signed by Dr. Jeff Wright , Red Bank 's senior pastor , and Mike Dennis , the church 's Chairman of Deacons .
The letter was sent to Bert Baker Jr. , the Midlands artist who hand carved the statue for the church in 2007 . Baker is a former member of the Red Bank Baptist Church congregation .
`` I 'm not interested in stirring the pot , but people not liking it because it looked too Catholic is crazy , man . It 's been up there for 11 years , '' Baker told The State on Tuesday . `` I do n't agree with the letter , it bothers me . ''
Both the church 's letter and a two-page response from Baker were shared on Facebook by Rhonda Davis . Like Baker , Davis is unhappy with the church 's decision to remove the art .
In their Facebook post , Baker called the art `` a wordless story of Christ 's life , death and resurrection . '' They said its removal is sad and regretful because it `` insults and prejudices '' another denomination , which they described as `` totally unbecoming of anyone who calls themselves a representative of Christ . ''
`` It is both disturbing and sad that in a time when we are all needing to come together as brothers and sisters in Christ to project and reflect Their love to a lost and dying world , Red Bank has decided to single out another denomination as the reason behind the decision to avoid any real or imagined fear that they would somehow be associated with them , '' Davis wrote in their Facebook post .
In their letter , Baker echoed those sentiments .
`` These sculptures have been gracing the front of RBBC for 11 years and at no time then or now has anyone ever been 'confused ' as to who Red Bank Baptist is nor has anyone ever suggested that they are 'Catholic ' in nature , '' Baker wrote . `` I am stunned that your letter both insults the intelligence of the Red Bank Community ( as not intelligent enough to know that Red Bank Baptist Church is a Baptist church despite having a large sign stating as much ) ; and , more disturbing , singling out the Catholic church in such a manner as to suggest that their denomination is deficient in theology and lacking in Christian core values . ''
In the church 's letter , it offered Baker the opportunity to remove the sculptures if they desired to keep them , adding : `` The art needs to be removed by May 31 , 2018 . ''
Baker said they hope the statue and artwork are not destroyed — but instead given to another church or sold , with money raised to support missionary work .
`` I was commissioned to make the sculpture , and whatever they choose to do with it is their prerogative , '' Baker told The State . `` I just did n't want it destroyed . I do n't want to take it down personally , but I hope they find another place for it . ''
Baker said they know there are other churches that have reached out about acquiring the art , but they have not heard from the church beyond the original letter .
Messages left with the church were not answered .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Share
OK , so people who trade in currencies can check their market fluctuations online , but where is the fun in that ? If you want a more original — and , to be honest , attractive — way of keeping tabs on the market then , boy , have we got the thing for you ! Called The Market , it 's a kinetic smart sculpture of a bull and a bear on a seesaw , which tilts in real time to reflect actual day-over-day changes in capital markets .
By combining internet connectivity with old-world materials like copper , zinc , brass and natural woods , it 's the perfect mix of past and present . Users can set The Market to track any one of 11 global stock indexes or four major cryptocurrencies via an accompanying iOS or Android mobile app — although once it has been set , it will continue to function independently .
“ I wanted to take the type of wonder people experience with installations and make that experience accessible for people to have in their homes and everyday life , ” August and Wonder founder Steve August told Digital Trends . “ With The Market , I feel like I 've found the formula to make that happen : To fuse art and the Internet of Things to create [ a ] sense of poetic connection to the world . ”
Only 300 pieces of The Market Series A will ever be created . While we have yet to get our hands on a unit , it looks to be a stunning object that deserves to have pride of place on your desktop or mantelpiece . It is currently available for pre-order in two versions . One is a plug-in version that will set you back $ 495 , while a slightly more expensive $ 525 version is a cordless battery-powered variant . August also notes that customers can pay using Bitcoin , Bitcoin Cash , Litecoin , and Dash . Production is currently in progress and shipping is estimated to start in late June or early July .
“ How we experience tech has been defined by the big tech companies : Hyper-functional , hyper-intrusive , sleek , but cold and transactional , ” August explained . “ August and Wonder is asking if tech can be fused with art to create things that are warm and organic , non-intrusive , yet still connective . ”
The Reva and David Logan Center for the Arts will launch a yearlong celebration of its fifth anniversary with the Logan Five Year Bash on Saturday , Oct. 7 from 11:30 a.m. to 11:30 p.m. Open to the public , the 12-hour event will feature continuous free programming for all ages , including art-making activities , exhibitions , performances , a BBQ and more throughout the 11-story building and its outside courtyard located at 915 E. 60th Street , Chicago .
Designed as a home for the creative life of the University of Chicago campus , the South Side and the city of Chicago , the Logan Center officially opened its doors in October 2012 . It is a partner , resource and catalyst for developing deeper cultural networks and richer creative projects . This year 's festivities will highlight the institution 's impact on the lives of students , faculty , artists and arts organizations , and community members .
“ We 're excited to be celebrating the work of our students , faculty and the many artists and art organizations that the Logan works with across the University and the South Side , ” said Bill Michel , executive director of UChicago Arts and the Logan Center . “ They have contributed greatly to the success of our first five years and will be an essential part our our future . We look forward to welcoming artists and audiences of all ages to experience great art over the 12-hour festival . ”
Hypnotic Brass Ensemble performs for local Chicago schools at the Logan Center . ( Photo by Nancy Wong )
The Logan Five Year Bash includes a performance by the Hypnotic Brass Ensemble ; poetry readings from the 2017 Gwendolyn Brooks Poetry Award winners ; a screening and discussion with the South Side Home Movie Project ; and a photo exhibition of jazz and blues scenes in conjunction with the annual Hyde Park Jazz Festival and the new Logan Center Bluesfest . Beginning at 5 p.m. will be a courtyard BBQ , which will feature live performances by UChicago 's Dirt Re Brass Band and avery r. young & de deacon board .
The Five Year Bash will also host a special Jazz at the Logan series kick-off concert with woodwind virtuoso Anat Cohen and their Tentet , with guest singer-songwriter-multi-instrumentalist Robbie Fulks , featuring the premiere of a new work by Cohen commissioned for the occasion , as well as a series of free featured events including a Film Studies Center presentation of Sita Sings the Blues , the Music Department 's Chamber Music Soirée student performance program , and An Evening of Dance : 6 Acts in Motion with community dance partners .
Ticket and registration information , as well as the full schedule of events , can be found at loganfiveyear.uchicago.edu .
NewsOne Staff
As racial tensions throughout the country are heightened , the concept of oppression has been pushed to the forefront of a national conversation . California State University San Marcos recently held a forum that brought attention to the ways that individuals of color feel oppressed by White people in America , the College Fix reported .
The event , called “ Whiteness Forum , ” has taken place annually for more than a decade and was created by Professor Dreama Moon who teaches a course entitled “ Communication of Whiteness ” at the institution , the news outlet writes .
The Whiteness Forum , which lasts for nearly two hours , explores how racism and White privilege are intertwined and the negative affect that it has on people from diverse backgrounds . During the event , students examine and engage in discussion about how White privilege is used in different arenas ; including the media , healthcare , Hollywood , real estate , in the military and other areas , reports the source .
The forum featured spoken word pieces by two poets . One poet—a young African American woman—recited a piece that unveiled the struggles that Black people deal with on a daily basis . “ On a daily basis I am seen as a threat , but you get a pass because you 're white , ” they recited , according to the news outlet . “ I am an African American and by my people and country I stand . I identify not with the equality of America , but with the ‘ We The People . ' ”
The event went beyond verbal exchanges and featured visual representations of White oppression . There were poster boards that bared statements like “ White Supremacy in Government Representatives , ” “ # MentalHealthTooWhite , ” and “ Writing It White ” which was created to bring attention to racially skewed media coverage .
Social and political movements have spilled onto college campuses nationwide . In October , there were anti-racism protests at the University of Florida after it was announced that White supremacist Richard Spencer would deliver a speech at the institution .
SOURCE : College Fix
SEE ALSO :
White Privilege Surfaces Among Officials Soon After Terrorist Church Shooting
Weinstein , White Privilege And The Limits Of Black Women 's Empathy
NewsAbortion
ATLANTA , Georgia , August 11 , 2017 ( LifeSiteNews ) -- A Georgia pregnancy care center is begging for prayers and support after three pro-abortion groups have teamed together to organize a protest this weekend aimed at shutting the pro-life center down .
Atlanta Women 's Care Clinic , part of the pro-life Human Coalition network , has been targeted for a pro-abortion protest Saturday , August 12 . The protest is spearheaded by the pro-abortion groups Sister Song , Netroots Nation , and Reproaction .
ReproAction , which seeks to “ increase access to abortion , ” says that the Atlanta pregnancy care center is `` fake ''
“ Get Fake Clinics Out Of Atlanta , ” ReproAction states on its website . “ This fake clinic targets women seeking abortion in Atlanta with a campaign of misinformation and serves as a model for targeting women elsewhere , ” it adds .
ReproAction has specifically named Human Coalition co-founder and president Brian Fisher as a main target of the planned protest .
But Fisher said their pro-life organization will not back down .
Fisher said that abortion groups detest the fact that Women 's Care Clinic is so effective in saving lives . The clinic has saved 180 babies from abortion in the last eight months .
`` This effectiveness has n't gone unnoticed by radical abortion groups . We are a growing threat to their abortion agenda , and they are mounting pressure to try and shut us down , '' they said .
`` Calling us 'especially disturbing , ' these hard-left abortion supporters are afraid we 've tapped into their market , as we empower abortion-determined women to reject abortion and choose life . Consequently , because of Human Coalition , the abortion industry is losing its clientele ... and ultimately losing profits , '' they added .
Fisher said that hours after the protest was announced online , two separate parties entered the Atlanta Women 's Care Clinic , loudly protesting and telling clients in the lobby that they were being lied to by Human Coalition .
The pro-life group has had to install a security monitoring system and hire extra security guards to protect their staff and clients , especially in view of tomorrow 's protest . They are asking for support to help offset the extra cost . ( Note : Readers can find Human Coalition 's support page here )
`` These threats come with a price tag , '' Fisher said , adding that staff `` remain committed to rescuing children and serving abortion-determined women and families . ''
Joining the pro-abortion effort to shut down pro-life clinics is a group crudely-named “ Lady Parts Justice League . ”
The self-described “ coven ” of “ feminists ” has launched a campaign to recruit pro-abortion activists to infiltrate pregnancy care centers and look for evidence to put them out of business .
“ Lady Parts Justice League '' ( LPJL ) is publicizing a campaign to “ expose fake clinics , ” otherwise known as pro-life clinics that seek to empower women by helping them choose life for their babies .
LPJL , whose logo is an outline of fallopian tubes and a womb , has posted the locations of pregnancy care centers online and encouraged constituents to go undercover into the facilities to gather any information that would support a lawsuit .
It 's an ironic twist to see abortion activists using pro-life strategies in an attempt to shut down pro-life pregnancy care centers . Abortion advocates are still in the process of trying to permanently put pro-life activist David Daleiden behind bars after they went undercover in 2015 to expose Planned Parenthood 's illegal selling of aborted baby body parts for profit .
Damaso and Christa Puente were killed May 15 , 2018 by a suspected impaired driver ( FOX5 ) .
Close friends are remembering a young Las Vegas couple , killed by a suspected impaired driver .
The crash happened Tuesday night at the intersection of Hualapai Way and Sahara Avenue in the west part of the valley .
Friends described the couple , Damaso and Christa Puente , as kind-hearted , sweet and innocent . They said the couple was just starting to try to have a family .
At Hi Rollers barber shop , Damaso Puente left their mark .
“ Basically the logo where it says Hi Rollers barber shop and the straight razor with the barber pull , ” owner Martin Corona said the graphic designer created almost all of the work on their walls .
Some of the barbers even has Puentes ' design tattooed on their skin . Corona said their friendship with Puente went beyond the barber shop .
“ We would double-date , go to dinner , ” they said . “ Christa was such a great person . They made a really great couple . ”
Married in 2009 and both in their 30s , Damaso and Christa just announced to friends they were ready to start a family .
“ [ They ] were extremely kind-hearted , very funny , easy going , ” Corona said . “ Anybody that met them , instantly got along with them . ”
That 's why Corona was speechless when they heard they were killed in a crash .
“ Instantly sick to my stomach , ” Corona said .
The couple was waiting at a red light when a suspected impaired driver slammed into them , pushing them into oncoming traffic .
“ This could have been prevented , bottom line , ” Corona said . “ That 's what 's sad . ”
It 's sad for close friends who did n't get to say goodbye and for a couple who never got to start a new chapter of their lives together .
If you would like to help the family , visit : https : //www.gofundme.com/christa-malone-amp-damaso-puente
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
( AP ) -- Sputtering offenses and stingy defenses .
Monday 's Outback Bowl figures to be a low-scoring game , and neither No . 20 Florida nor No . 21 Iowa offer any apologies .
Sure , Jim McElwain and Kirk Ferentz would like to see the Gators ( 8-4 ) and Hawkeyes ( 8-4 ) light up the scoreboard with a little more regularity , but both coaches appreciate what stout defenses have helped them accomplish during a season in which their offenses struggled .
`` If you play defense it gives you a chance . That 's one of the reasons we were able to be successful , '' said Ferentz , finishing their 18th season at Iowa . `` You look across the field , and that 's certainly what we 're looking at . They 're a team that 's been really good on defense the past two years . They certainly are going to be a big foe for us that way . ''
Florida ranks 115th in the nation in total offense , five spots ahead of Iowa . The teams are sixth and 24th in total defense .
McElwain is 18-8 in two seasons with the Gators . However , they 've struggled to score , opening offensive coordinator Doug Nussmeier to criticism from fans accustomed to the days Florida compiled impressive numbers under former coaches Steve Spurrier and Urban Meyer .
`` At a place like the University of Florida , when it 's good , it 's really good , and when it 's maybe not going so good , it seems like maybe the sky 's falling from the outside , '' quarterback Austin Appleby said , defending Nussmeier .
`` I think a lot of the quarterbacks who played here can attest to that . ... The only things we can control is the way that we come to work every single day . And I know Coach Nussmeier , they grind like no coach I 've ever been around , '' Appleby said . `` He sacrifices more for us and takes away from their family to be in here late , late , late , late ( for game-planning ) . .... When he 's in their groove , there 's no one better . At the end of the day , we 've got to go out there and execute for him . It takes all of us . It 's not just one person . ''
Some things to know about the Gators and Hawkeyes :
FLORIDA FINALE ? : Defensive tackle Caleb Brantley and cornerbacks Jalen Tabor and Quincy Wilson are likely playing their final game for Florida . All three juniors are expected to leave school early and enter the NFL draft . Linebacker Alex Anzalone and defensive back Duke Dawson also are considering turning pro . Tabor has postponed making an announcement because they want to `` do it the right way . '' `` If I decide to come out , then I would give my thanks to everybody : my tutors , my teachers , my advisers , my coaches , the whole Gator Nation , because sometimes people forget when you were here , people were helping you , '' Tabor said .
DANIELS , WADLEY AND HISTORY : Running backs LeShun Daniels , Jr. ( 1,013 yards ) and Akrum Wadley ( 966 yards ) have been a terrific pair for the run-focused Hawkeyes , and a decent game out of Wadley would put the duo in Iowa 's record books . With 34 yards against the Gators , Wadley would join Daniels at 1,000 -- and no pair of Iowa backs has ever rushed for 1,000 yards in the same season . Wadley might also be counted on as a threat in the passing game for the Hawkeyes , whose receivers have struggled mightily all season .
PINEIRO TRAVELS : Florida place-kicker Eddy Pineiro made the bowl trip and has been cleared to play despite a brief hospital stay during the holiday break . That 's significant for the Gators , who have little depth behind him . Pineiro made 18 of 22 field goals this season , including nine in a row . They are 9 of 11 from 40 yards or longer , including two 54-yarders .
KING 'S GOODBYE : The Outback Bowl will mark the final appearance by Iowa cornerback Desmond King , one of the best players in school history . King missed their chance to repeat as the Jim Thorpe Award winner , given to the nation 's top defensive back , because teams were terrified to throw their way . But they lead the Big Ten with 27.2 yards on kickoff returns and is second in the league with 9.8 yards per punt return . King , a likely first-round pick in the NFL Draft , will start their 53rd game on Monday , a school record .
APPLEBY 'S FIRST : Florida quarterback Austin Appleby will start and end their collegiate career against Iowa . Appleby , a graduate transfer who spent the last four years at Purdue , had their first playing action as a redshirt first-year student against the Hawkeyes in 2013 . They completed 5 of 6 passes for 68 yards and a touchdown . They also played against Iowa in 2014 and 2015 . `` That 's kind of cool and neat in itself , '' they said .
-- -- --
AP Sports Writers Luke Meredith in Iowa City , Iowa , and Mark Long in Gainesville , Florida , contributed to this report .
3:56 What 's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise ? Pause
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
1:14 Idaho QB Matt Linehan apologizes for postgame comments directed at President Staben
4:36 ' I am here to save democracy ... '
5:14 Bogus Basin 's 75th anniversary kickoff party
1:50 Brundage Mountain uses fireworks , torchlight parade to celebrate New Year 's
3:06 Boise day shelter provides meals , clothing and much more
RALEIGH , N.C. ( AP ) – The Latest on legislation proposed by North Carolina Gov . Roy Cooper to repeal a state law limiting LGBT rights ( all times local ) :
2:50 p.m .
A gay rights group says Democratic Gov . Roy Cooper 's new proposal to get rid of a North Carolina law limiting LGBT rights contains unnecessary additions and blames Republicans for failing to repeal House Bill 2 .
Equality North Carolina Executive Director Chris Sgro told reporters Tuesday they do n't support Cooper 's repeal offer to GOP lawmakers because other parts of legislation are a distraction to throwing out the law .
The proposal includes increasing penalties for crimes committed in public restrooms and forcing local governments to give state legislators 30 days of notice before seeking ordinances covering sexual orientation and gender identity .
Sgro says Charlotte city leaders took over a year to weigh an anti-discrimination ordinance before they approved it . They say new penalties are n't needed because LGBT people are not a public safety risk .
Equality North Carolina was one of Cooper 's strongest supporters in last year 's race for governor .
__
2:15 p.m .
North Carolina 's most powerful state senator is n't impressed with legislation proposed by Gov . Roy Cooper that would repeal a state law limiting LGBT rights and which public bathrooms transgender people can use .
Cooper 's proposal would do away with House Bill 2 , increase penalties for crimes in bathrooms and tell local governments seeking anti-discrimination ordinances to give legislators 30 days ' notice before doing so .
A spokesperson for Republican Senate leader Phil Berger said Tuesday that Cooper 's proposal does nothing to address privacy concerns of women and young girls who do n't want to share restrooms and locker rooms with men .
HB2 supporters have argued letting people choose public bathrooms based on gender identity could be used as a pretense by sexual predators . The U.S. Justice Department and HB2 critics have said the threat is practically non-existent .
__
11:40 a.m .
North Carolina Democratic Gov . Roy Cooper is proposing what they call a compromise to repeal an LGBT law that has led to lost business expansions and sporting events .
Cooper said Tuesday the proposal does away with House Bill 2 , which limits LGBT rights and directs transgender people to use public restrooms corresponding to the gender on their birth certificates .
Cooper says the bill would increase penalties for crimes in public bathrooms and tell local governments seeking ordinances covering sexual orientation and gender identity to give legislators 30 days ' notice before doing so .
An apparent deal between Cooper and the Republican-controlled legislature to repeal HB2 fell apart in December .
House Bill 2 critics say action is needed or the state will miss out on NCAA sporting events for years .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Sri Lanka 's government is in talks with China 's e-commerce giant , Alibaba , to promote online sales of the country 's popular Ceylon tea , a local media reported Sunday .
The move was one of the ways in which the Export Development Board ( EDB ) is supporting the tea industry to increase sales , Jeevani Siriwardene , director-general of the EDB told the Colombo International Tea Convention held in Colombo .
“ We have started initial talks with Alibaba to supply Ceylon tea through their platform , ” they said .
The EDB also wants to encourage tea companies to set up their own online trading portals to sell tea directly to consumers , they added .
The government can allocate fund for marketing and was looking at developing partnerships directly with retailers . “ Maybe we can consider co-branding with multinationals like Starbucks , ” they added .
Ceylon Tea has become a popular global brand especially in the Chinese market . Last year , Sri Lanka launched a fresh campaign to promote Ceylon Tea in China mainly eyeing female consumers .
( Xinhua )
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
The free Kildare Walking Festival is back again this year with twelve organised events and walks including The Blueway Canal Challenge along the proposed Blueway route in four stages from Athy to Robertstown .
The first canal walk sets out on Sunday July 15 at 10.30am from Athy and makes its way to Vicarstown . The meeting point is at Vicarstown Bridge at the starting time . Transport will be provided to ferry walkers from the finish point to the starting point so that participants can complete the walk at their own pace .
The second stage of The Blueway Challenge takes place on Tuesday July 17 . Participants are asked to meet at the Canal Drawbridge in Monasterevin at 10.30am where they will be ferried to Vicarstown to begin their walk back to Monasterevin .
The third stage will be from Monasterevin to Rathangan on Thursday July 19 . Walkers are asked to assemble beside Ardscoil Rath Iomgháin at 10.30am sharp so they can be brought to the start of the walk in Monasterevin .
The fourth and final stage of the challenge will be from Rathangan to Robertstown . Participants will gather at Robertstown at 10.30am on Sunday July 22 before being brought to Rathangan to begin their journey .
Other events which might interest people include the Nordic Walking Workshop at Toughers Ballroom , Newhall , Naas at 10.30am this Saturday , July 7 .
On Sunday July 6 , there will be a guided walk of Cliff of Lyons , while on Monday 7 , the Royal Greenway Walk sets out from Maynooth to Kilcock .
Other events include a guided walk of Straffan House Parklands ( K Club ) on Tuesday 10 , The Curragh Walk on Wednesday 11 , Kildare Town Walk on Thursday 12 , Donadea Forest Walk on Friday 13 and Castledermot Walk on Saturday 14 .
See full details below .
Medina ( left ) trades punches with Prince Naseem Hamed . Photo : Action Images
Manuel Medina would never be hailed as the most consistent fighter in the world , but they more than made up for that with their persistence and resilience , winning a version of the featherweight world title on a record five occasions .
Just when you wrote off the Mexican warhorse , they dutifully came back and surprised you with an unlikely win .
Medina , was born on March 30 , 1971 , in the small town of Tecuala in the state of Nayarit . Their early years were very tough and , like many Mexican fighters , they took up boxing at a young age .
“ Very difficult . I had to work , train and fight , ” Medina told RingTV.com through Michel Soloman . “ I started working at 12 years old and would get jumped by kids who would steal my money because they knew I worked . So that is why I started boxing . ”
By now Medina was living in the border town of Tijuana . They turned professional at just 14 years old in the fall of 1985 .
Over the next several years , the young fighter gained valuable experience and moved their way up the ladder . There were defeats , but they helped mold “ Mantecas ” who bested former titleholder Steve Cruz in July 1990 to move their record to 36-3 .
Four more victories followed before Medina was rewarded with their first world title opportunity against IBF belt holder Troy Dorsey . Despite a torrid start that saw the Mexican floored in the second round , they worked their way back into the fight and won a close but unanimous 12-round decision .
Medina made five successful defenses of their featherweight title . They defeated American Tom Johnson by technical decision before venturing to Europe to post wins over Fabrice Benichou , Fabrizio Cappai , Jorge Rodriguez and Moussa Sangere . However , in early 1993 , Medina lost the title to Johnson by split decision in a rematch .
Prior to their title run , Medina had operated at 130 pounds . They briefly moved back to that division but dropped a unanimous decision to IBF titleholder John John Molina .
In January 1995 , Medina met Johnson in a rubber match and after 12 rounds , Johnson retained their title by split decision .
Consequently , most experts wrote Medina off when they met burgeoning star Alejandro Gonzalez for the WBC title in September 1995 . But Medina , not for the last time , upset the apple cart , edging a close fight by split decision . Unfortunately , however , the Mexican technician would lose in their first defense to Luisito Espinosa .
The following summer , Medina was selected as challenger for the enigmatic WBO titleholder , Prince Naseem Hamed . The pair faced off in Dublin , Northern Ireland , and Medina 's herky-jerky style troubled the champion , who later revealed that they had a flu . However , Hamed 's power still proved decisive . The challenger rose from three knockdowns before being pulled out at the end of the 11th .
Medina lost twice in 1998 ; first by technical decision to Espinosa in a rematch for the WBC title and then by knockout at the hands of Floridian southpaw Derrick Gainer .
With many writing them off and their prime behind him , Medina challenged newly minted IBF featherweight titleholder Hector Lizarraga . Despite fighting in Lizarraga 's home region of Northern California , the Mexican star shocked the younger man to claim a third world title by unanimous decision .
Medina turned back the challenge of Victor Polo before heading to the U.K. to face Paul Ingle . Both men touched down but the plucky Brit managed to relieve Medina of the title by hard-fought decision .
The IBF title passed from Ingle to Mbulelo Botile , who in turn lost it to former opponent Frankie Toledo . Making a habit of tearing up the script , Medina challenged Toledo and duly stopped the American to win a fourth title .
Again , the reign did n't last long . They lost their championship to the superb Johnny Tapia by majority decision , but that was a fight many felt Medina deserved to win .
Several months later , after Tapia was stripped of the title for fighting Marco Antonio Barrera , Medina faced Juan Manuel Marquez for the vacant IBF title . Marquez cut up and beat up their countryman before stopping them in seven rounds .
Medina would not take no for an answer . In July 2003 , their awkward style of moving and flicking out a steady jab befuddled WBO titleholder Scott Harrison . The Scotsman was unable to figure out the puzzle and dropped a 12-round split decision that should have been unanimous .
It was Medina 's fifth championship and , according to the man himself , their proudest moment in boxing .
The win also allowed Medina to join the great Sugar Ray Robinson as the only fighter to win five world titles in the same division . They claim their motivation to continually overcome the odds came from their family .
A fully focussed Harrison regained their title in a direct rematch , overwhelming Medina in the penultimate round .
The grizzled veteran moved up to 130 pounds and lost their final title fight to Cassius Baloyi in South Africa . They would bring down the curtain down on their remarkable 23-year career in 2008 following a second-round stoppage to Malcolm Klassen .
Medina ( 67-16-1 , 32 knockouts ) took part in 21 world title fights .
The 46-year-old now lives in Tijuana and has three daughters ; Andrea , Elizabeth and Valentina . They still maintain a keen interest in the sport and works with a few fighters . They also work for Imdet , a local track and field , as a groundskeeper .
The criminally underrated former champion graciously took time to speak to RingTV.com about the best they fought in 10 key categories .
BEST JAB
Derrick Gainer : They are taller and I could n't reach him . They kept me away and hit with the right [ hand ] which is the most difficult thing to do .
BEST DEFENSE
Juan Manuel Marquez : I wanted to attack and they defeated me with their counter attack .
FASTEST HANDS
Johnny Tapia : They used many short shots . They were really fast .
FASTEST FEET
Victor Polo : They kept moving all the time . In the end I won , but they were hard to beat because of their movement .
BEST CHIN
Tapia : No matter how hard I hit him , they just laughed and I did n't hurt him .
SMARTEST
Juan Manuel Marquez : They used strategy over me and that made the fight very difficult .
STRONGEST
Alejandro Gonzalez : “ Cobrita ” Gonzalez and Moussa Sangare were both hard hitters and my shots did n't move them . If I had to pick I would say “ Cobrita ” .
BEST PUNCHER
Gonzalez : They hit hard . I could feel every one of their punches more than the others . ( He hit ) harder than Marquez and Naseem Hamed .
BEST SKILLS
Marquez : They have been one of the fighters with more resources and they have defeated me .
BEST OVERALL
Marquez : Because they were the most technical . When we got in the ring , I wanted to implement my game plan but they were able to use their game plan better .
Michel Soloman helped translate this feature . Robert Diaz and Sergio Sotelo helped co-ordinate the interview . RingTV.com appreciates their assistance .
Questions and/or comments can be sent to Anson at [ email protected ] and you can follow them at www.twitter.com/AnsonWainwright
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine ? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue , which is on newsstands , or back issues from our subscribe page .
On the cover this month : THE RING 100
MILWAUKEE — Milwaukee prosecutors say a man who led police on a high-speed chased told arresting officers they crashed their minivan because they became distracted checking their cellphone for directions .
The Milwaukee District Attorney 's Office said in a criminal complaint released Friday that 20-year-old Logan Michael Brandenburg made the comment unsolicited while they were being transported from a hospital to the county jail .
Prosecutors say Brandenburg told officers they had smoked marijuana and was on probation so a “ fight or flight mentality kicked in ” when a West Allis police officer attempted to pull them over on Nov. 19 .
Authorities say the chase reached speeds of 100 mph and involved four different police departments before Brandenburg 's minivan jumped a curb and plunged down an embankment .
Brandenburg is charged with two felonies .
There 's not a one of us who enjoys hearing criticism or complaints about our businesses . Criticism is inevitable , and it 's actually a useful tool if you learn how to handle it effectively . Healthy companies grow and evolve , and customer complaints can actually help you focus your efforts to improve in a way that 's seriously productive .
How to Handle Customer Complaints
Have complaints ? A crummy online review ? An irate customer ? Try these strategies :
1 . Take Your Time
One of the most useful strategies I 've learned is to wait 24 hours to respond to a customer complaint . Unless you actually have a customer in front of you who needs immediate attention , taking a breather before you address criticism can help give you perspective . If you 're angry or upset , you 're likely to say something that 's less-than-professional , and you could end up making the situation worse . Think about what you want to achieve in your response and craft it accordingly .
2 . Ignore Criticism That 's Purely Inflammatory
While it 's important to monitor reviews and in-person complaints ( as they 're wonderful for finding ways to improve , ) you should n't lose a wink of sleep about complaints that are clearly ridiculous . Whether a competitor posts a fake review or a customer is just having a wretched day , sometimes the best response is none at all . Most consumers are savvy enough to write off online reviews that are clearly not legitimate .
3 . Do n't Be Offended by the Tone
It 's healthy to ignore crazy complaints , but it 's important that we not discard valid criticism just because it 's delivered in a less-than-ideal way . Maybe your customer is rude , but maybe they also have a point . Particularly if you 've received the same complaints on more than one occasion , do n't ignore suggestions for improvement , even if they 're impolite .
4 . Identify What You Can Learn
If a customer takes the time to make a suggestion , you 're missing an opportunity if you do n't take the time to consider it . One of my favorite instances of a criticism that ended up being a wonderful suggestion was at a book signing for one of my books . A customer handed me their book , and I started to sign it . They said , “ You 're signing the wrong page. ” I was a little taken aback at their blunt tone , but when they suggested that I sign the title page , rather than a blank page , I saw the genius . Now I see pictures of my title page — complete with my signature — on Facebook and Instagram … free marketing !
5 . Get to a Solution
When you have a valid complaint or review from a customer , in addition to learning what you can improve in your company , the most important thing you can do is resolve the customer 's problem . If patrons of your restaurant received slow service on an understaffed day , then apologize and offer incentive for them to return . If customers are disappointed in a product 's performance , ask how you can make them happy . If customers take the time to complain ( legitimately , of course , ) we as business owners have an obligation to make it right . Be solution-focused , and you stand a good chance of keeping that customer and encouraging them to become even more loyal .
As hard as we try , we all end up disappointing clients from time to time . Perfection is n't possible , but conscientious entrepreneurs learn from mistakes and always strive to deliver excellence .
Republished by permission . Original here .
The safety of food preservatives is a much debated topic . There are a number of misgivings about these chemicals , which are used to prolong the shelf life of foodstuffs . Be that as it may , the demand for food preservatives is only growing , says a report by Research and Market , thanks to increase in the disposable income and changes in food consumption patterns .
A study conducted by researchers of the China Medical University , Taiwan , has found that adding the common food preservative Sodium benzoate as an adjuvant to Clozapine , the `` gold standard '' treatment for patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia improved the symptoms in patients with refractory schizophrenia .
The study involved 60 schizophrenia inpatients that had been stabilized with Clozapine . They were divided into three groups , and were treated for 6 weeks with the add-on therapy of 1 g/day sodium benzoate , 2 g/day sodium benzoate , or placebo .
According to the researchers , there was an improvement in the negative symptoms of schizophrenia in patients treated with Sodium benzoate compared to placebo . * The negative symptoms of schizophrenia comprise a range of deficits in communication , emotional responsiveness , socialization , and motivation ( * Source : thebmj ) .
Moreover , the higher dose of Sodium benzoate produced better improvement than placebo in the ratings of the symptoms of schizophrenia , like PANSS-total score and PANSS-positive score , and quality of life .
Further studies are required to determine the optimal dose and treatment duration as well as the mechanisms of Sodium benzoate for Clozapine-resistant schizophrenia , say the researchers .
The study is published in Biological Psychiatry .
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback : editorial @ rttnews.com
Business News
Olympia beer 's Facebook page includes a photo of actor Clint Eastwood drinking a can of the beer . A new lawsuit questions where the brewery 's water comes from . Screen grab from Facebook
Police say the Walmart in Port Alberni was evacuated on Wednesday after employees were hit with bear spray .
According to Port Alberni RCMP , at around 6:33 p.m. , a man attempted to leave the Walmart at 3555 Johnston Road without paying for merchandise .
The suspect was confronted by store employees as they were leaving through the front doors . They then allegedly sprayed the employees with bear spray as they fled . They were last seen running westbound .
Police said several people required medical treatment due to the bear spray and the store was evacuated for decontamination .
Anyone with information about the suspect is asked to call Port Alberni RCMP at 250-723-2424 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 .
2:51
On the road with the Boise State basketball team
2:11
Nick Duncan : `` I love my team and they always have my back . ''
1:38
By Leilani Haywood
Tribune Reporter
After Kansas City 's City Council defeated a proposed ordinance to cede 95 acres to Lee 's Summit and the Paragon Star project , project architects deleted that land from their master plan . Kansas City stakeholders in the 95 acres adjacent to the planned development support the Paragon Star project but do n't want to lose possible revenue that could benefit Hickman Mills school district and south Kansas City .
Kansas City Councilman Scott Taylor representing the 6th district which is south of I-470 going east from State Line Rd . to View High Dr. and south to 155th St. says , “ Everybody in Kansas City thinks this is good development for Lee 's Summit . The issue is really giving up land currently owned by Kansas City Missouri for nothing . The thought of giving up land to another community for nothing in return for potential lost tax revenue for the school district was one of the issues . ”
Taylor added that South Kansas City is enjoying a lot of momentum with the new Cerner campus that created thousands of jobs . “ People are proud of South Kansas City with development that 's happened last couple of years . We 're looking forward to Cerner 's next phase of expansion which should bring another 3,000 new jobs to the campus . ”
South Kansas City Alliance President Stacy Johnson said they were shocked that Kansas City was even considering ceding 95 acres . “ It did n't make sense that our city would be willing to cede future tax dollars . Traffic was a big issue but the bigger issue was the loss of future revenue for our city for Hickman Mills school district. ” The additional 95 acres would have created a parkway connecting I-470 and Bannister Rd which would have provided a northern access point into the development .
After that defeat with Kansas City , Paragon Star regrouped with the city of Lee 's Summit that approved forming a Transportation Development District ( TDD ) or the I-470 Western Gateway Transportation
Development District at the January 18 meeting . The TDD levies an additional 1 % sales tax on Summit Wood shoppers and expands to 490 acres with the Paragon Star development and some tracts along I-470 .
Lee 's Summit Councilman Dave Mosby expressed concern that shoppers are bearing the burden of paying for the project . “ We put the burden of many costs of this project on the shopper , ” they said .
Mosby attempted to have five items related to development on private land removed from the proposed ordinance for the TDD that they thought should n't be paid by the sales tax but was defeated . The ordinance creating the TDD passed with a 5-3 vote . Councilmembers who voted in favor of the TDD include Rob Binney , Trish Carlyle , Craig Faith , Diane Forte and Diane Seif . Councilmembers Phyllis Edson , Dave Mosby and Fred DeMoro voted 'no ' on the measure .
The projected 210-acre $ 400 million mixed use development at the intersection of View High Drive and I-470 is expected to generate an additional $ 7 million in sales tax revenue . The sports and recreation complex will include baseball fields , a clubhouse and cantina as well as a major trail head serving the Little Blue Trace and Rock Island Corridor Trails as well as a field house . There will also be bocce , pickleball and sand volleyball courts as well as a zipline and rope course and ferris wheel .
The development also includes two hotels , several restaurants and a shopping district . Developers and city officials broke ground in November 2016 .
Lee 's Summit is already providing an estimated $ 13 million in tax increment financing for the soccer complex and retail village .
—
Canberra United co-captain Michelle Heyman has been nominated for Sports Personality of the Year at the first Australian LGBTI Awards .
The footballer was the only openly gay athlete to represent Australia at the Rio Olympics .
“ Being nominated for this award is one of the greatest things that 's ever happened to me , ” they said . “ Winning would mean so much to me .
“ The reason why I am out is to just be that role model for younger children , to say it 's okay to be who you are .
“ If you want to continue with your passion and dreams , then you must always follow them and do n't let bullying of anything like that stop who you are or what you want to achieve in life . ”
Heyman was shocked to hear about 13-year-old Tyrone Unsworth 's suicide last year . They have pledged to do everything they can to help kids “ stop being scared of who they are ” .
They have many young fans and spends time after each game signing autographs and posing for selfies .
“ I feel like I 've got a good story to tell and the more people I can share my voice with , I think the better that will be for our community , ” said Heyman .
The Australian LGBTI Awards will take place at the Sydney Opera House on March 2 .
By Alhaji Saidu Kamara
As the economic and political unrest continue to intensify in Venezuela , parents whose children are pursuing various courses in that country are pleading with the government to evacuate their children back to Sierra Leone .
It would be recalled that between 2010 and 2012 a total of 26 Sierra Leoneans left the shores of Freetown on scholarship to pursue courses in medicine , Information Technology & Computer ( ITC ) engineering , Agriculture and Tourism .
Most of these students have already graduated in their respective areas of studies since last year but they are unable to return to Sierra Leone due to the prevailing economic and political crisis currently affecting Venezuela .
One of the affected students , Rev . Christiana Ayo Speck and other parents explained the plight of their children to the Global Times over the weekend .
According to Rev . Christian Ayo Speck , their daughter Claudiatta Ayo Speck has completed their Medical course since December last year but they were unable to return home due to the crisis in Venuzuela .
They revealed that the current economic crisis is so worse that people find it very difficult to survive . They said to afford food and drugs you have to join the queues . Besides , people live in constant fear and panic , as they do know who will attack them with a gun and cart away everything they would lay hands on .
They said the situation is so terrible that one of the Sierra Leonean students died recently . On behalf of their colleagues they are appealing to the government of Dr. Ernest Bai Koroma to fast track the evacuation of their children from Venezuela to Sierra Leone .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Private companies given more chances to win NHS work
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
[ Deal Alert ] Get an AT & T Samsung Galaxy S9 for $ 569.99 ( $ 150 off ) or S9+ for $ 639.99 ( $ 200 off ) , plus a free DeX Pad
Blue Note All-Stars : Our Point of View — ‘ intense contemporary modernism '
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week .
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 *
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
Other Subscription options :
ABC News ( WASHINGTON ) — Sen. Lindsey Graham Wednesday called for a broader bipartisan investigation if it 's true that Donald Trump 's campaign communicated with Russians in the year leading up to the 2016 presidential election .
“ If there are contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian intelligence officials outside the norm , that 's not only big league bad ; that 's a game changer , ” Graham , R-S.C. , said in an interview on ABC News ' Good Morning America .
“ If it is true , it is very , very disturbing to me . ”
Sources familiar with the matter confirmed to ABC News Tuesday that U.S. authorities were probing communications between associates of Trump and suspected Russian intelligence officials before the presidential election .
The New York Times first reported the alleged “ repeated contacts ” between Trump 's associates and Russians in the lead-up to the election . U.S. officials speaking with the newspaper noted , however , that there was no evidence of cooperation between the campaign and the Russians to attempt to “ influence the election . ”
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Sayantani Bids Goodbye To Naamkaran
The actor writes , `` Taking a moment to celebrate life , celebrate the most special bond of a mother -daughter .. this bond # neela # Avni was threaded by the warmth of love , purity of heart and depth of soul .. shall always cherish being # neela in # naamkarann .. big thank y to all for the love that has been poured on me .. m touched 🙏🏼 . ''
Sayantani Thanks Mahesh Bhatt
Sayantani shared a few pictures snapped with the director of the show , Mahesh Bhatt and wrote , `` Thnk u @ MaheshNBhatt.words fail me 2 express d gratitude I feel .thnk 4 coming 2day 2 meet me n giv me dat warm hug 🤗 .. n yes we will hold each other 's hand n walk 2gethr again .. n jus like in d pic I knw u 'll always b der lik a protective umbrella always lovin me n protecting me . ''
Fans & Sayantani 's Tweets
When a fan ( Sru . ) asked , `` Will you come back to show if they planned to bring back Neela again ? 😭❤️ # Naamkarann , the actor said , `` I love d show , as I hv mentioned in my earlier tweets it 's v dear to me .. a I m the last one from the core team , it 's being an v emotional journey .. so this parting is v difficult .. in d future when n if they call me back , we will see then .. but I will always b der in spirit . ''
Is There A Possibility Of Neela 's Return ?
Ladydon asks , `` And is there even the slightest possibility that neela will return ? ''
Sayantani : That depends on how things go here on .. such decisions are made based on many things .. if the creative need is that then may be .. but standing today I really dunno what will be the future course of action .
Fans Ca n't Digest The Twist !
Sru . 🍃 : Is n't the twist that Neela is alive ? You are staying in the show ? Please , we still have hope . We do n't want to let you go . Noooo , please 😭💔 @ sayantani0609 # Naamkarann .
Sayantani : An actor is to come n do their job .. what happenes in d show is in the hands of d makers n the audience demand .
A Fan Asks…
💫QUEEN 💫 : Hello mam first of all I want to say u portray d character of neela is indeed a strong one & it inspires everyone around d fandom of # naamkarann if u wan na to tell something to this young generation wt it would be ? @ sayantani0609
Sayantani 's Reply To 💫QUEEN 💫
Sayantani Tweeted , `` Be kind n considerate towards all .. show empathy not sympathy .. accept others for who they are n always give .. like # neela did for # Avni . ''
Sayantani 's Experience
ItsResh : Hai ma'am . ..... how s Ur experience in # naamkaran so far ? ? ? ?
Sayantani : It 's overwhelming .d show has given me a lot .love respect , my association wth # bhatt Saab .. it 's been an enriching exp. # neela is one of the best roles I hv done .. n at this point der is v lil difference btween # neela n me .. have loved my journey .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Submissions for the review of the Sugar Code of Conduct can be made through the `` have your say ” section of the Federal Government 's website and need to be made before August 22 .
Submissions for the review of the Sugar Code of Conduct can be made through the `` have your say ” section of the Federal Government 's website and need to be made before August 22 . Peter Carruthers
FIFTEEN months after the introduction of the deadlock-breaking Sugar Code of Conduct the Federal Government will now examine the effectiveness of the regulator by taking submissions from industry and community stakeholders .
The implementation of a mandatory code of conduct by the Federal Government helped end a bitter dispute over cane on-supply agreements between Queensland Sugar Limited and Wilmar Sugar in 2017 .
The code also seeks to ensure that supply contracts between growers and mill owners guarantee a grower 's choice of the marketing entity for the sale of sugar for which the grower bears the price exposure risk .
Canegrowers chairperson , Paul Schembri welcomed the review this week describing the code as a `` safety net ” which prevented `` mills from abusing their monopoly power in each district ” .
`` The Code requires that each party acts reasonably , fairly and honestly without intimidation and provides for an arbitration mechanism if there 's a deadlock , ” they said .
`` The Code 's mechanisms for stability and security underpin grower confidence to continue to invest , get on with the business of producing high quality export sugar for the global market and drive their regional economies . ”
Mr Schembri said they believed the code requires `` very little modification ” and `` Canegrowers looks forward to contributing to the review ” .
Agriculture Minister David Littleproud while in Rockhampton on Wednesday said the review had been brought foreword at the request of growers to offer `` certainty ” for farmers early in the 2018 crush .
`` We as a government listened and understood , for growers it 's important that they get certainty around the future of the mandatory code , ” they said .
Mr Littleproud said they understand there is a range of views on the effect of the code on the industry , they expect a report based on submissions will be tabled in Canberra by the end of the year .
`` We want to hear from all players along the supply chain to get a clear picture of how the code is working . ”
The review window will last six weeks , submissions can be made through the `` have your say ” section of the Federal Government 's website and need to be made before August 22 .
Obama vs. Chicago community organizers and other comments Political scribe : Dems Fear Overreach on Guns House Democrats are stuck on the horns of a dilemma when it comes to gun control , reports The Hill 's Mike Lillis : Their party ...
Anti-Semitic incidents soared in NYC last year Anti-Semitic incidents in New York soared 90 percent last year compared to 2016 , according to new data released Tuesday . Nationwide , the religious hate crimes jumped 57 percent — the largest ...
Anti-Semitic incidents reportedly increased by 57 percent in 2017 The Anti-Defamation League is reporting a 57 percent increase in anti-Semitic incidents in the U.S. last year , the highest tally that the Jewish civil rights group has counted in more ...
More colleges are being targeted by white supremacist groups White supremacist groups have targeted college campuses in surging numbers since President Donald Trump 's election , emboldened by political and racial tensions over immigration and other issues , according to a group ...
Too scared to criticize Cuomo and other comments From the left : Political Silence on Cuomo and MTA It took Dutchess County Executive Marc Molinaro , a Republican , to finally accomplish “ what few elected officials in New York dare to ...
Jonathan Green­blatt is destroying the Anti-Defamation League In Israel last week , Anti-Defamation League CEO Jonathan Green­blatt told legislators that anti-Semitism in America is now comparable to that of 1930s Germany . Yes , their fearmongering went that far : “ Anti-Semitism ...
Congress ' rotten idea for fighting anti-Semitism Last week , the Anti-Semitism Awareness Act of 2016 , a k a S. 10 , was introduced in the Senate , read three times , and approved by unanimous consent without debate or amendment — all ...
Chuck Schumer breaks with the Anti-Defamation League Normally , you wo n't find an inch of room between Sen. Chuck Schumer and the Anti-Defamation League . Yet now even the left-leaning ADL has come out against making Rep. Keith Ellison ...
The left 's lunatic 'hate ' hysteria Just because President-elect Donald Trump has unequivocally disavowed and condemned white nationalists and alt-right types who cheered their victory , do n't expect the left and its media allies to end their ...
Sometimes We Forget How Well
Our Old-Timey Cartridges Work
By John Barsness
The first question about handloading the .30-30 Winchester is why anyone would bother . Factory .30-30 ammunition is very affordable , widely available , and works fine on deer ( and even larger game ) despite “ cheap ” bullets , due to the modest velocity . While .30-30 's can be very accurate , many are used with the factory open sights so sub-inch groups are uncommon , though I 've yet to encounter one that did n't shoot inside minute-of-deer . Iron-sighted .30-30 's tend to remain sighted-in for years—even decades—so there 's no reason to burn a box of ammo every year while attempting to rezero a cheap scope . So why not just buy ammo at Wally World ?
I 'm kidding , of course . Handloaders handload because they must and , like most hobbies , practicality has nothing to do with it , whether in saving time or money .
Many hunters think of the .30-30 as an Eastern deer cartridge , because the wide-open West “ requires ” scoped rifles chambered for longer-range cartridges . But when I started big-game hunting in Montana as a skinny junior-high student in the late 1960 's , lever-action .30-30 's were very common , and the only one I recall with a scope was the Glenfield lever-action carbine my father purchased after I started hunting . ( “ Glenfield ” was a Montgomery Ward trade name for items made for them by other companies , in this instance a Marlin 336 . )
He 'd hunted as a kid while growing up on a homestead in central Montana , but quit after going away to college—until I started becoming interested . The local “ Monkey Ward ” store was only three blocks from our house , and back then they sold actual firearms , ammunition and other shooting stuff . My father 's eyesight was n't great , so they also bought a Japanese 4X scope ( not named Glenfield but something suggesting astronomy ) , plus two boxes of store-brand ammo . They were a good shot , thanks to growing up in a subsistence-hunting family and grown-up plinking with .22 rimfires , and that fall killed a deer on opening day .
I did not , partly because of the clumsy “ safety ” on my Mosin-Nagant military rifle , purchased with paper-route money and sporterized with a hacksaw . Toward the end of the season my father loaned me the Glenfield , and the day before Thanksgiving I took a big mule deer doe with one round of Monkey Wards factory ammo .
Since then I 've owned , handloaded for and hunted with several other .30-30 's , including a Marlin 36 ( not 336 ) rifle with a 24-inch barrel , a pair of Savage 99 's , and an ancient outside-hammer drilling imported by the original Charles Daly firm . But I 'd never owned the quintessential .30-30 , a Model 94 Winchester , despite owning other 94 's , including an octagon-barreled .25-35 made in 1898 , and .32 Special and .38-55 carbines .
This began to seem like a gross dereliction of duty , so I started looking around . It finally happened at Whittaker Guns in Kentucky , a store that would satisfy the “ needs ” of almost any avid shooter . Whittaker has several long aisles of double-stack racks filled with used long guns , among them an older Winchester lever-action in .30-30 in very good condition .
John used their father 's .30-30 to take their first deer 50 years ago .
It was n't a 94 but a Model 64 , a version of the 94 with a pistol-grip stock , 24-inch barrel , and “ half-length ” magazine ( actually about 2/3 the length of the barrel ) . Like all earlier Winchesters the barrel was marked “ .30 WCF , ” the original cartridge name .
My credit-card was already twitching but almost leaped out of my wallet when I took the rifle off the rack , finding it had an all-steel Lyman 56 receiver sight , with the insert still screwed into the aperture . Since using the Glenfield , all my .30-30 's have had iron sights , and even 50 years later my eyes still aim pretty well with a peep .
Back home I checked my collection of .30-30 brass , finding a minimal , eclectic and grungy collection . I knew new brass would n't be found in any local store so searched the Internet , and the best deal turned out to be Nosler cases for a very good price at Graf & Sons . ( Nosler 's website did n't show these , though it did list .30-30 ammo , loaded with their two roundnose bullets designed for tube-magazine rifles , the 150-grain Ballistic Tip and 170-grain Partition . After ordering a bag of 100 cases , I emailed Zack Waterman , Nosler 's writer contact , and Zack said the Graf brass was from an overrun for orders of factory ammo . )
My handloading notes did n't show a very wide range of .30-30 handloads . Instead I 'd just worked up a load for each rifle passing through , in recent years mostly using 170-grain Nosler Partitions , in case an elk wandered by or I had to defend myself from a grizzly—though thousands of elk and quite a few grizzlies have been killed with ordinary .30-30 bullets during the 120-odd years since the cartridge appeared .
As a result , after searching all available loading data , I threw everything plus the kitchen sink through the 64 . Most of the range-testing was done at 50 rather than 100 yards , because at 100 the front sight was a little too large for the 7-inch paper plates I normally use for testing rifles with traditional beads . Afterward , however , I shot a few groups at 100 , confirming they 'd average twice the size of 50-yard groups .
Overall the rifle shot very well , not surprising considering the perfect bore and the high quality of “ pre-war ” Winchester rifles . ( The serial number indicates it was made just before World War II . ) According to my Timney gauge , on average the trigger breaks cleanly at exactly 5 pounds . This might seem like too much to a 21st-century shooter , but the trigger breaks so cleanly it does n't feel anywhere near that heavy , and certainly did n't hinder the shooting . ( Interestingly , my Marlin 36 had a very similar trigger pull . )
The only slight glitch in the loads occurred with the Missouri Bullet Company 165-grain cast bullets . The printing on the box states , “ Brinell 18 , optimized for .30-30 lever guns. ” Two loads shooting very well were a reduced load of Red Dot powder , and a starting load of 23.0 grains of IMR3031 , which averaged about the same as jacketed loads . But somewhere between the 1,642 fps of the starting load and the 1,995 fps of the maximum 27.0 grains of IMR3031 listed in my Lyman Cast Bullet Handbook , the velocity apparently became too much . That 's OK , because a 165 flatnose at 1,600+ fps is faster than the similar black-powder loads many deer hunters used successfully in the .32-40 and .32 Special .
One of the great virtues of the .30-30 is relatively mild recoil ( above ) . Even
with modern advances such as the Hornady Flex-Tip ( below ) bullet making spitzers
safe for use in tube magazines , the .30-30 still is n't a long-range round .
The original jacketed factory load of the .30-30 WCF used a 160-grain roundnosed bullet at a listed muzzle velocity of 1,960 fps , considered pretty hot stuff in the 1890 's . Today 's powders and bullets have upped performance considerably , but the .30-30 still is n't a super-zapper . Even with 160-grain Hornady FTX spitzers at nearly 2,500 fps , when sighted-in 2 inches high at 100 yards the bullets land 6 or 7 inches low at 200 .
That 's OK , because a lever-action .30-30 still performs the same tasks the rifle and cartridge were designed for in the 1890 's : easy carrying , light recoil and sufficient power for most big game at moderate ranges . Which is why the .30-30 remains one of North America 's most popular hunting cartridges , even in the 21st century .
Half of John Barsness 's dozen books are on firearms and shooting . Their latest is The Hunter 's Guide to Handloading Smokeless Rifle Cartridges , published in the fall of 2015 by Deep Creek Press . It 's available through www.riflesanrecipes.com , P.O . Box 579 , Townsend , MT 59644-0579 , ( 406 ) 521-0273 .
Read More Handloading Articles
Purchase A Password To Read The January 2017 Digital Edition
( Includes FREE Download Of PDF Version For Your Desktop Or Mobile Device )
Purchase a printed copy of the January 2017 issue
Purchase a PDF download of the January 2017 issue now !
I was thinking of how much things have improved , especially for kids , in the almost 70 years I have been alive .
We used to have unheated bedrooms and single glazing in draughty window frames .
As a child I would often wake up to frost on the inside of the windows .
The bedding was another story with blankets that were a cross between a wire brush and sandpaper .
When it was really cold mum would put dad 's heavy overcoat on the bed for warmth .
If you were lucky when you got up there was a coal fire going downstairs .
Maybe also hot water to wash .
If your dad worked at the pit they got their concessionary coal allowance so fires were not a problem .
If not , you had what fires you could afford and supplemented with whatever you could find to burn .
In those days travel was mostly by bus .
The buses then had no doors and were open at the back .
In the winter it was a freezing journey by bus , like it or not .
The heater was a circular fan at the front which never seemed to work .
One thing then , which I have not seen for a long time , was short trousers .
These were worn winter and summer , my poor little legs were blue – ‘ they 'll toughen yer up lad ' was the reply to complaints .
Football boots were nothing like the streamlined things of today .
Most of the lads I knew were like me , and their parents could not afford expensive boots .
The pair I had were miles too big and made lots of noise when you walked on hard ground .
We had to play football and rugby and do cross-country in all weathers and showering was compulsory .
PE teachers then had no mercy , but they did toughen us up I think .
It was not often that you saw a parent take a child to school either and certainly no cars .
It was the bus in bad weather if you were lucky – I rarely was .
Palak 's Picture
Palak had shared a close-up picture of themselves and their lips looked little plump . While many adored their beauty , a few accused them of going under the knife .
Palak Accused Of Getting A Lip Job Done
One of the users ( @ serii.sh ) on Instagram wrote , `` Botox lips . '' - ( sic ) Instead of maintaining silence , Palak decided to give it back to the hater with a befitting reply .
Shweta Tiwari 's Daughter Gives A Befitting Reply
They wrote , `` @ serii.sh I 'm only 17 , and not somebody who 's a supporter of changing myself based on what the world May or May not like . So no Ma'am , that 's a false accusation . '' - ( sic )
Says It 's A False Accusation
`` And it 's because of such accusations that going under the knife is considered a trend , and is ultimately promoted . I 'm not for its ma'am . Sorry to disappoint you , have good night and best wishes : ) '' - ( sic )
Like Mother , Like Daughter
Going by the pictures on their Instagram account , we must say that Palak has definitely got the best looks from their mother , Shweta Tiwari . We will have to wait and watch to know about their acting skills !
Other Actress Who Were Accused Of Going Under The Knife : Mouni Roy
The drastic change in Mouni Roy 's look in Naagin 2 made people speculate that the actor has gone under the knife to enhance them looks . There were reports that the actor had gone under the knife to make their lips look fuller . But the actor denied the reports .
Aashka Goradia
There were reports that Naagin 2 actor Aashka Goradia had got their lip job done . But the actor denied the reports . They were quoted by DNA as saying , `` If I ever have the need to do it ( lip-job ) , I will not shy away from that because I will pay for it . Besides all this , answer is no . ''
Gauhar Khan
Television actor and Bigg Boss 7 winner , Gauhar Khan had got their lips augmented . But lip augmentation surgery went awfully wrong . They had even confirmed about the incident .
Sara Khan
There were also reports that the ex-Bigg Boss contestant , Sara Khan has undergone surgery for most of their facial parts . But the actor refuted the reports .
Shama Sikander
Ye Meri Life Hai actor , Shama Sikander drastic transformation shocked everyone . According to report , Shama had visited the plastic surgeon 's clinic to transform themselves from a simpleton to fashionista . The actor never talked about their surgeries and had said that they changed themselves through heavy workout and meditation !
Rodney Smith Jr. is a mowing machine .
The native of the British island territory of Bermuda has cut lawns of various sizes in every state in the country . One of the biggest was in Vermont , where the founder of the nonprofit Raising Men Lawn Care Service said they used a push mower to single-handedly cut an acre 's worth of grass in about two hours .
Rodney asked God to tell them their purpose . They found it when they saw an elderly man struggling to mow theirs lawn .
Militarykind
That 's been just one stop in the second rendition ( he completed the inaugural campaign last summer ) of the 50 States 50 Lawns campaign , Smith 's journey to cut lawns in every state for veterans .
The organization was born in 2016 during Smith 's undergrad career at Alabama A & M . On their way home from school one day , they saw an elderly man mowing a yard . The man appeared to be struggling , so Smith decided to lend a hand . The rest is history .
See how Rodney is changing lives and lawns for military veterans with one small token of kindness .
Rodney Smith Jr. get help to fill their tank from Ryan Younquist , 9 , who follows after Smith and wanted to help when Smith came to the Mid-state on their project to mow lawns across America Wednesday June 13 , 2018 , in Nashville , Tenn .
Larry McCormack / The Tennessean
Rodney has made kindness to veterans their top priority , and we also honor those who have served and continue to serve . The television program Salute to Veterans airs on July 4th , offering insightful discussion , resources and solutions for the ongoing issues our military veterans face daily .
Salute to Veterans pays tribute to our nation 's 3.3 million active duty service members , 22 million veterans and their families during important military/patriotic holidays and commemorations throughout the year .
The Salute to Veterans Series highlights the stories of veterans who are former professional athletes , who served their country , and then broke through obstacles when back in civilian life . The veterans featured in the series all serve as leaders in their communities and are committed to seeing that their fellow veterans do the same .
Visit Salute to Veterans to learn more and to find specific viewing times in your area .
Salute to Veterans Series Airs on Memorial Day , offers insightful discussion , resources and solutions for the ongoing issues our military veterans face daily .
Courtesy Salute to Veterans
Follow Militarykind on Facebook to see more inspiring stories about service members and their loved ones .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Newstalk 580 CFRA
Ottawa Police have charged a 20-year-old man and a 22-year-old woman with a slew of drug and firearm charges after executing a search warrant in Nepean , Friday .
Police say they searched a home on Castle Hill Crescent , and found a 9mm Smith and Wesson , a high-capacity magazine , ammo , marijuana and $ 650 in cash .
20-year-old Mohamed Atef , of Ottawa , has been charged with :
Possession of a Schedule I substance ( x2 )
Possession of Schedule II substance
Possession of Prohibited Device
Careless storage of a firearm
Possession of a weapon
Unauthorized possession of a firearm
Possession of a firearm knowing its possession is unauthorized
Possession of a firearm , prohibited or restricted weapon obtained by crime
Possession of a prohibited or restricted firearm with ammunition
Breach of Probation ( x2 )
Possession of Proceeds of Crime Under $ 5000
22-year-old Karoline Kaiss , of Gatineau , has been charged with :
Possession of a Schedule I substance ( x2 )
Possession of a Schedule II substance
Possession of a prohibited device
Careless storage of a firearm
Possession of a weapon
Unauthorized possession of a firearm
Possession of a firearm knowing its possession is unauthorized
Possession of a firearm , prohibited or restricted weapon obtained by crime
Possession of a prohibited or restricted firearm with ammunition
Both are due to appear in court Saturday .
Diana Araque , Jules Atkinson , Simone Atkinson and Natalie Huffman made state qualifying time and will compete nest weekend in Knoxville .
Jules Atkinson was seventh in the 100 fly in 1:00.16 and 14th in the 50 free in :25.82 . Simone Atkinson finished the 100 fly in :57.45 , .12 out of 16th place , and 18th in the 100 back in 1:06.78 . Huffman qualified for the 100 free with a 1:00.08 time and finished 19th in the 100 back in 1:06.82 . Araque was 13th in the 100 breast in 1:11.92 and 15th in the 100 back in 1:04.37 .
Jenny Howell finished the 50 free in :25.82 and the 100 free in 1:05.22 , both personal bests . Ellie Bonner finished the 50 free in a personal-best :29.28 and the 100 free in 1:07.15 . Shelby Hendry completed the 50 free in :29.61 and the 100 free in 1:04.89 , both personal bests . Karina Lorenz finished the 100 breast in 1:26.58 and Nicolette Hoeg was 1:30.88 in the same event .
The girls ' A medley relay was 14th in 1:59.64 while the B team turned in a unit-best 2:18.3 . The 200 free relay turned in a personal-best 2:03.19 . The 400 free relay was 10th in 3:58.65 .
The boys ' 200 medley relay finished in 2:09.69 while the 200 free relay completed its heat in 1:54.83 .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Esma warns of ‘ potential loophole ' in new share trading rules
Former LSU coach Les Miles showed off their acting skills in a new video released Wednesday Gerald Herbert AP
A tight Merkel-Schulz race will revitalise Germany
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
A traffic collision at West Charleston Boulevard and South Decatur Boulevard involving four cars left one person in critical condition and seven others with minor injuries , according to Metro Police .
Police said the accident was called in at 2:58 a.m .
Two cars that were traveling northbound on Decatur together were entering the intersection after receiving the green light when a silver car traveling west on Charleston collided with both cars , according to Metro Police .
Police said both cars rotated from the impact , with one of the two cars colliding into another car that was stopped in the left turn lane on Decatur .
The driver of the silver car is suspected of being impaired , Metro Police said . The rear passenger of the silver car was taken to a hospital with life-threatening injuries .
One of the four cars was carrying buckets of white paint , which were sprayed over the intersection during the collision .
Seven of the eight people involved in the crash were taken to a hospital , police said .
Charleston and Decatur were closed in all directions as of Sunday morning .
Stay with FOX5 for updates .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Marvin Bagley , who may be the best basketball prospect that is not currently on an NBA roster , will be announcing where they will play their college basketball on Monday night .
We detailed the particulars of that decision last night — it will likely be as a member of the Class of 2017 , it 's so they can get into the 2018 NBA Draft , whether or not he 's eligible to play immediately at the college level this year is not the most important part of this decision .
Here , we 're going to talk impact .
What will Bagley 's commitment mean for the three schools * still in the mix ?
* ( At this point it does not appear that Arizona is still in the mix for the Arizona-native . Bagley only visited Duke , USC and UCLA this past month , Arizona does n't have a scholarship available and the program is currently in Spain for their team trip . If they do shock the world and pick the Wildcats , they will quite clearly be the preseason No . 1 team in the country . Bagley and Deandre Ayton could end up being the top two picks in June . )
DUKE
With Bagley in the mix , Duke — who are , as of this posting , my pick to land the 6-foot-11 forward — would have a very strong case to be slotted as the preseason No . 1 team in the country . Given the way that last season went , that may not go over all that well , but there 's a valid argument : The Blue Devils would start three freshmen — Bagley , Trevon Duval and Wendell Carter — that are top seven prospects in the class , according to 247 Sports composite rankings , and another who would be the No . 17 player in the class in Gary Trent Jr . They finally have a point guard to replace Tyus Jones in the for of Duval . Grayson Allen , the lone returnee from last year 's team , is finally healthy , according to Mike Krzyzewski , and on paper is a veteran leader and an all-american caliber player .
Youth would be a major issue , as Allen would likely be the only rotation player that is an upperclassman . Depth is going to be another problem as well , as Duke 's reserves will likely be made up of some combination of freshmen Alex O'Connell and Jordan Tucker and sophomore Marques Bolden and Javin DeLaurier .
But the talent there in undeniable , and unlike last season , the pieces actually fit together . Duval is a playmaker at the point , although they have a reputation for being more of an attacker than a ‘ pure point guard ' , while Trent and Allen are scorers with three-point range on the wing . Carter , who many believe to be the second-coming of Al Horford , should be able to handle their own on the block .
And then there 's Bagley , who is the ideal for what Duke is looking for at the four spot . He 's big enough that they can defend as a four — or even a five — but he 's skilled enough to play on the perimeter in four-around-one lineups . The Blue Devils do n't currently have a guy that can fill that Jayson Tatum , Jabari Parker , Justise Winslow , Brandon Ingram role , and Bagley might be better suited to do it than any of them .
At the very least they should being the most on the defensive end .
Which is why I think their arrival at Duke would make the Blue Devils a real national title contender , if not the favorite to win the whole thing .
USC
Imagine if the Trojans are able to land Bagley over Duke and UCLA . Andy Enfield beating out Coach K and Steve Alford for a recruit , particularly a recruit from the West Coast that played in Southern California last high school season ?
That would be a helluva statement to make .
It would also put USC firmly in the mix as the nation 's preseason No . 1 team . They 're already loaded , particularly in the front court . Bennie Boatwright and Chimezie Metu both returned to school for their junior seasons , and with the addition of Bagley , one of those three would be relegated to coming off of the bench . My guess is that it would be Metu simply because of the style that USC plays . They want to run the floor , they want to space the court , they want to fire up threes and score points in a hurry , and I think that Bagley 's ability to replace the rebounding that rim protection that Metu provides is better than their ability to provide the pure shooting ability of Boatwright .
Regardless , that front court , which is already one of the best in the country , would likely become the best with the addition of Bagley .
And when the Trojans already have a perimeter attack that includes veterans Jordan McLaughlin , Elijah Stewart and Derryck Thornton along with De'Anthony Melton , Jonah Mathews and Shaqquan Aaron , you 're looking at an absolutely loaded roster that perfectly fits the way Enfield wants to play .
UCLA
The Bruins are the interesting case here .
For starters , they are an Under Armour school , and Bagley has played on the Nike circuit the last two years . That 's not a dealbreaker , but the presence of LaVar Ball in and around that program , particularly with the one son ( LiAngelo ) every is already concerned about on the roster , it makes that landing spot seem somewhat unlikely .
But if Steve Alford does find a way to convince the Bagleys that UCLA is the best place for Marvin. , they would be a season-changing recruit . UCLA already has a loaded perimeter attack . Jaylen Hands is one of the best point guards in the Class of 2017 even though they may not even be the best point guard on UCLA 's roster for this season ; that title likely belongs to the ever-underrated Aaron Holiday . Throw in Kris Wilkes , Chris Smith , Prince Ali and Ball , and there are a ton of guard options here .
What they lack , however , is a proven four , someone who can play the role that T.J . Leaf played last season . Bagley can , and at a much higher level . That may be hard for someone like Cody Riley or G.G . Goloman to swallow , but Bagley 's skill alongside the ability of Thomas Welsh to pull defenders away from the rim is enticing .
UCLA is currently a top 20 team entering the season . With Bagley , they probably enter the top ten with a real shot of winning the Pac-12 .
Charley Hoffman had waited a long time for this .
And then they had to wait a little bit longer .
At age 40 , they had never been part of a team event — Ryder Cup or Presidents Cup . They have been a pro golfer for more than 11 years , won four PGA Tour events and cashed more that $ 25 million in winnings .
So , sure , they were living the blessed life of a multi-millionaire who plays golf for a living and , since they chopped off that prolific blond mullet they sported earlier in their career , they probably have n't been recognized by anybody outside their own living room in years .
But every year , when either a Ryder Cup or Presidents Cup was played , they were reduced to watching their buddies play on TV .
“ I really never knew what I was missing , '' Hoffman said .
Until Friday .
Hoffman was one of U.S. captain Steve Stricker 's two captain 's picks for the Presidents Cup . And as thrilling as getting the tap from Stricker was , Hoffman 's adrenaline was forced into an involuntary state of abatement when they were one of the two U.S. players to sit out Thursday 's opening session .
So they had to wait until Friday to play their first match . Maybe it was fitting Hoffman had to wait an extra day considering how long they had waited for this moment in the first place .
They made it worth the wait .
Hoffman , paired with fellow rookie Kevin Chappell , smoked Charl Schwartzel and Anirban Lahiri , 6 and 5 , to deliver the Americans their first point of the day and set a tone for a Friday four-ball rout by the U.S. , which won 4 ½ of the possible five points in the session to take a record 8-2 lead into Saturday .
“ Once we saw Charley and ‘ Chappy ' close out their match early , to go from sitting out [ Thursday ] and jump out and put the first point on the board [ Friday ] , it was cool to see that , '' Rickie Fowler said . “ I 'd say Charley and ‘ Chappy ' were the leaders in the clubhouse [ Friday ] . ''
Fittingly , it was Hoffman who buried the putt that clinched the match on the 13th hole , delivering an emphatic Tiger Woods-like first pump though the air as an exclamation point .
“ Obviously the golf 's golf , but the real fun and the real camaraderie is behind the closed doors , '' Hoffman said . “ This is a special group of people . Watching [ team events on ] TV … I did n't grind and shed a tear because I was n't on the team or anything . But I may next time if I 'm not . I do n't want to miss any of these ever again . I know my years are running slim , but I want to be on as many of these as I can for the rest of my career . This is a special experience . ''
It 's an experience Phil Mickelson , who like Hoffman is from San Diego , is relishing as well .
see also US running away with the Presidents Cup The rout is officially on . Is there a 10-run rule ...
“ I do n't think anybody 's pulled harder for Charley to be on this team — on any of these teams — than me , because he 's so talented and he 's such a great guy and he 's so well liked and he 's so fun to be around , '' Mickelson said . “ His game is perfectly suited to this because it 's solid . It just wears you down when they strike it as solid as they do off the tee , iron shots to the center of the greens , and makes very few mistakes and incredible putter .
“ He 's been a real asset to the team and brings a lot of fun energy , too . ''
Hoffman said both they and Chappell brought a lot of pent-up energy from Thursday and they unleashed it on Schwartzel and Lahiri .
“ It sucks sitting , '' Hoffman said . “ [ Thursday ] was hard . Kevin and I were biting at the bit to get out there and play . We are all capable out here but we definitely understood what ‘ Strick ' wanted to do . They have a game plan and they have a mission , and our mission is to win this Cup . Kevin and I understood that , but I think it gave us a little fire and a little momentum going into [ Friday ] . ''
Mickelson said they had a good feeling about how Hoffman and Chappell were going to come out Friday after sitting on Thursday .
“ When [ it 's ] your first team , boy , you ca n't wait to get out and play , '' Mickelson said . “ Not playing [ Thursday ] was tough for both of them . And they had it lit up [ Friday ] . You just knew they were going it come out on fire , [ and ] whoever they played I felt a little bit bad for . ''
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Authorities : Teen pulled out of burning house was homicide victim
hello
The Grayslake teen who was pulled out of a burning house after being shot in the head was a homicide victim , authorities confirmed Monday .
An autopsy revealed Zackary Bollam , 17 , died of complications from a gunshot wound to the head , as well as carbon monoxide intoxication and inhalation from an intentionally set house fire , the Cook County medical examiner 's office said .
Three Grayslake police officers pulled Zackary from their burning house on the 300 block of Normandy Lane on Aug. 22 and discovered he 'd been shot .
They died Aug. 26 at Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood .
Zackary 's grandmother and guardian , Deborah St. Antoine-Browne , 65 , killed themselves Aug. 24 by jumping off the top floor of the medical center 's parking garage after police questioned them about the teen 's shooting .
Before taking their own life , police said , St. Antoine-Browne instructed Zackary 's younger sister to ingest a bottle of prescription medication . The girl took some of the medication but then sought medical help at the hospital .
A .38-caliber pistol was discovered in the house .
The official is accused of hiding a fighter in their Maiduguri home .
The post Military detains Borno official for ‘ hiding ' Boko Haram militant ; govt reacts appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
Logan Lucky lands somewhere between Magic Mike and the Ocean 's trilogy . Turns out , that 's one hell of a sweet spot .
Ocean 's Eleven had George Clooney emerging from prison in the rumpled tuxedo they were arrested in . Even in the context of the effortlessly hip universe of globe-trotting miscreants the 2001 film set forth , it was a cool look . That look established their character , Danny Ocean , as a gentleman crook — smart and suave and pewter-haired , stealing from the rich to give to themselves and their friends because they 'll just be so much better at spending money than the assholes they 're taking it from . Steven Soderbergh , who directed the Ocean 's trilogy and who returns from a four-year retirement from filmmaking to bookend it with the equally jubilant new heist comedy Logan Lucky , is a savant when it comes to understanding the appeal of their lead actors . They constructed their fantasy of a community of hypercompetent thieves around Clooney 's matinee-idol aura — con men as movie stars , or vice versa . We want Danny to win not because they were wronged in some way , but because they feel he 's too suave and too smart to have to submit to the indignities of a daily grind , and Clooney sells us on the fact that Danny 's right .
The main character in Logan Lucky , on the other hand , needs to win because they really needs the money . Jimmy Logan is a working class guy facing a future of unstable employment in an area with few opportunities — a red-state talking point transformed into the hero of a heist flick . The film , which was written by the possibly fictional Rebecca Blunt , is Ocean 's Eleven turned inside out . Its characters are amateurs , a trio of siblings from Boone County , West Virginia , who try to rob the Charlotte Motor Speedway during the biggest NASCAR race of the year . The plan they come up with is no less elaborate than Danny 's plan to rob three Las Vegas casinos on the night of the big fight , but it 's rigged together with all sorts of duct-tape ingenuity . And it 's centered around Jimmy , a man who was struggling to get by before they got laid off from their construction gig due to insurance-related bullshit .
Tatum enters the film elbow-deep in the engine of their truck , and spends the rest of it in camo cargo pants or Carhartts . Soderbergh understands the contradiction of Tatum as a performer — which is that they can come across as a little stolid until they explode into dance or physical comedy or that million-watt smile . Soderbergh built Magic Mike around Tatum , their history , the way they move , and their general air as someone who , while not dumb , has gotten used to assuming their strengths are in what they can do with their body rather than their brains . Their title character in Magic Mike was a man very aware of the ticking clock on their stripping career , and of the need to eventually move on to something else .
Their character in Logan Lucky never had a chance to run out the clock — in high school Jimmy was the quarterback and the prom king , chasing a pro football career before blowing out their knee . Now they walk with a limp and has the meaty solidity of a guy who works with their hands , but whose athlete days are gone . He 's still a dreamboat , but a battered and disheartened one — aware their best days might be behind them and that he 's got little by way of promise in their future . It 's a future in which he 's asked to endure being looked down on by Seth MacFarlane ( as a wealthy , British-accented race-car sponsor ) , a humiliation no human being should have to endure . And it 's a future in which they might not be able to see the daughter they adore , Sadie ( Farrah Mackenzie ) . Sadie is Jimmy 's whole world , though their ability to see them hinges on their shaky relationship with their since-remarried , white wine-sipping ex-wife Bobbie Jo ( Katie Holmes ) . It 's the desire to stay close to Sadie that finally prompts Jimmy to recruit their bartender brother Clyde ( Adam Driver , speaking with a delightfully slow drawl ) , an Iraq War vet with a prosthetic arm ; and their sister Mellie ( Riley Keough ) , a hairdresser with a taste for fast cars ; to take part in the caper . With the help of a DIY explosives expert appropriately named Joe Bang ( an antic Daniel Craig ) , who 's initially inconveniently incarcerated , they dip their toes into a life of crime .
Where the Ocean 's films leapt easily from Vegas to Europe and back again , Logan Lucky is mainly concerned with the drive from Concord , North Carolina , to West Virginia . Its characters do n't get to travel , and it 's the possibility of Bobbie Jo moving Sadie across state lines to Virginia — where Jimmy ca n't afford to follow — that gets them moving on their plan . Any dumb quip you might think to crack about Logan Lucky , the movie already makes for you . At one point a local newscaster nicknames the attempted theft `` the hillbilly heist , '' `` the redneck robbery , '' and `` Ocean 's 7-Eleven . '' The film is awash with regionally and culturally grounded details , from the centrality of NASCAR to the child beauty pageant Sadie gets dolled up to compete in . The Logans even conduct some important business at a county fair , and endure a chemical leak contaminating the local water supply with the forbearance of people well-accustomed to being stepped on by corporations . But the film 's humor comes from the characters ' eccentricities , not the lives they 're living . When Joe Bang forces the Logans to bring their two newly religious brothers ( Brian Gleeson and Jack Quaid ) in on the job , for instance , the punchline is not their faith but the moral loophole through which they justify participating . They have to be assured that someone they knew had a bad experience when working at the supermarket sponsoring the race , so it deserves to be robbed .
All of this happens to echo the kind of desultory rationalization heist movies often cough up to allow their characters to comfortably be cast as good guys as well as thieves . But that 's something Logan Lucky does n't even bother with . Its characters share a general sense of downward mobility and disillusionment with the American dream , but there 's no more effort put into demonization of their targets than there is a Hillbilly Elegy-style castigation of the Logans . Choosing a setting like Logan Lucky 's is practically a politically charged act in itself these days — here 's a serious slice of Trump country , complete with noneuphemistic economic anxiety ! But the closest the film gets to showing its hand in that regard is only in how little it bothers making a case as to why we should root for the crime it 's depicting to be successful . The people the Logans are robbing have lots of money , and they have next to none . What else needs to be said ? Maybe just this : Logan Lucky features a scene in which Tatum cries while listening to a little girl sing `` Take Me Home , Country Roads . '' It 's not Clooney in a tux , but it 's just as good .
Alison Willmore is a film critic for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York . Contact Alison Willmore at alison.willmore @ buzzfeed.com . Got a confidential tip ? Submit it here .
News moves fast . Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email ! Sign up Great ! You 're almost there ! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now !
By David Knapp , Loveland City School District director of technology
“ In any given moment we have two options : to step forward into growth or to step back to safety. ” – Abraham Maslow
Growth is not easy . It can be scary , is often messy , does n't follow any prescribed path , and looks different for every single one of our students . As educators , it is our goal to provide students with an experience that grows them to their fullest potential , develops their intellectual curiosity , and empowers each Tiger to find and pursue their passions in life . At Loveland Schools , student experience leading to Tiger Growth is what we are all about . As we ask our students to fully engage in their learning experience , we , as a district , are also challenging ourselves to continue to grow and develop . The goal of Tiger Innovation is to directly support Tiger Growth as we look to provide an innovative learning experience for each of our students , including an engaging , flexible and relevant learning experience… enter Loveland [ x ] .
As we ask our students to fully engage in their learning experience , we , as a district , are also challenging ourselves to continue to grow and develop .
We are building this mindset day by day into our very DNA .
Providing vision and leadership from the ground up , this year we have put in place teacher innovation teams we are calling Loveland [ x ] . With the purpose of supporting and sustaining an innovative teaching and learning environment , this team of teachers and administrators are doing the work of # TigerInnovation in a very big way . With Loveland [ x ] teams in eachof our schools , and made up by over 80 Tiger educators , these teachers collaborate around innovative instructional strategies , beta test and pilot new resources and teaching methods , and share their successes and failures ( which are encouraged ) with one another as we work to meet the needs of our 21st century learners . Through Loveland [ x ] , we are able to create a shared vision around the goals of innovative teaching and learning which include a focus on continual reflection and building upon our existing foundation of teaching and learning practices , and a goal of raising our Tiger 's to be lifelong and passionate learners . We are building this mindset day by day into our very DNA .
This gamified book study explores passion around teaching , and embraces the notion of lifelong learning which provides the foundation for Tiger Innovation .
For example , did you know that approximately one-third of our district teaching staff is currently engaged in the Innovator 's Mindset Book Study Challenge , focusing on the book Innovator 's Mindset by George Couros ? This gamified book study explores passion around teaching , and embraces the notion of lifelong learning which provides the foundation for Tiger Innovation . Born from this book study was a new initiative the district is implementing immediately : # MyTigerIdea . Recently launched on our website , this new communication platform is the podium from which you can share your idea for Tiger Innovation with our senior administrative team… all of you ! Students , staff , teachers , parents , community members – literally any member of the Tiger Family can share their idea for how we can improve the student experience on this site .
As we step forward – together – into growth , prioritizing an innovative student experience , we promise you we will to continue our mission of Preparing Students for Tomorrow , Today , regardless of what that “ tomorrow ” may entail .
Your partner in innovation ,
David Knapp
Director of Technology
Loveland City School District
knappda @ lovelandschools.org
VisionArts Creative Art Studio for Children Loveland Ohio 541 Loveland-Madeira Rd .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Surge in Chinese corporate investment into the US
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
AJ tosses the messenger bag over their shoulder , shoving their hands in their pockets , as a smirk forms from the corner of their mouth . The photographer 's camera clicks . “ Try to ...
So far 2017 has been a rough year for homeowners looking to save money by refinancing , and the Federal Reserve 's interest-rate hike may not help .
On average , borrowers who refinanced during the first quarter of 2017 reduced their monthly payments by $ 109 , not including homeowners who opted for cash-out refinances , according to figures released Wednesday by mortgage technology firm Black Knight Financial Services . Altogether , homeowners who refinanced in the first quarter saved $ 36.5 million a month — representing the lowest total monthly savings from refinancing since 2008 .
Comparatively , aggregate savings for homeowners who refinanced in the fourth quarter of 2016 amounted to $ 59 million , but the savings per borrower was just $ 96 a month . While higher rates cut into the actual savings homeowners are experiencing from refinancing remains down , recent interest rate decreases prior to the Fed 's decision have made it possible to save more .
At current rates , if every homeowner with a mortgage who could refinance did , their potential savings would average $ 260 a month , up from October when the savings averaged $ 250 a month .
Recent drops in mortgage rates have also expanded the number of borrowers who have an incentive to refinance and meet eligibility criteria by 1.6 million from mid-March to 4.4 million in June . And some of those 4.4 million borrowers stand to save significantly by refinancing . Black Knight calculated that roughly 2.5 million borrowers could cut their monthly payments by between $ 100 and $ 300 , while another 700,000 could save $ 400 or more each month .
But the fact that mortgage rates have dropped back down below 4 % does n't mean borrowers should take their time with a refinancing . The Federal Reserve hiked interest rates by 0.25 points on Wednesday as expected and could do so again this year depending on the state of the economy .
If that moves mortgage rates higher , homeowners looking to refinance should work to lock in lower rates , which allow borrowers to avoid the volatility of the current rate environment , according to Realtor.com . And for those homeowners who do lock in rates on a refinancing , it 's important to remember that the rate lock is typically only good for between 30 and 45 days — once outside that window , they could lose out on savings if rates have gone up .
Rising rates do n't just make things dicier for those looking to refinance , though . A 4 % interest rate wo n't make owning a home significantly less affordable per se , but it theoretically can give homeowners who recently refinanced pause when considering moving to a new home with a higher rate . More homeowners staying put could further reduce the already-tight supply of housing in many markets nationwide , which could in turn drive prices even higher .
Trump administration calls for heightened regulation of clearing houses
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week .
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 *
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
Other Subscription options :
Bitcoin Cryptocurrency Bubble Grows , Now Worth More than McDonald 's
The virtual cryptocurrency bitcoin is racing to a record high on Monday of $ 10,000 and is now worth more than seven times an ounce of gold .
Up roughly 5 percent since Friday , the shadowy cryptocurrency 's overall market capitalization is worth more than IBM , McDonald 's or Disney , according to analysts , who are increasingly warning that the world is watching a massive speculation bubble in real time .
On Monday , the midday price of one bitcoin on several exchanges hovered at roughly $ 9,600 , with analysts noting the overall valuation of the 16.7 million bitcoins currently circulating worth more than $ 160 billion .
Since January -- when one bitcoin unit cost roughly $ 1,000 -- the price has soared for a variety of reasons that market watchers are hotly debating .
Some point to a decision in October by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange to launch bitcoin futures next month . Investors appear to have taken that as a sign of the currency 's growing legitimacy and have pushed its value up 50 percent since the announcement .
Major market movers , including Bank of America Merrill Lynch , have recently urged investors to reconsider bitcoin heralding it as an investment opportunity .
But other top Wall Street players remain deeply skeptical , fearing Bitcoin 's popularity is because it is seen as a vehicle used primarily for illicit and criminal activity .
Earlier this year JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon dismissed the currency as a `` fraud , '' and earlier this month Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin expressed concern bitcoin was fueling activity in illegal online marketplaces .
Mr. Mnuchin said that U.S. is in discussions with other a host of other countries to assure the currency is not used for `` illicit transfers of funds . ''
Difficult to trace and not formally regulated , bitcoin is the currency of choice for hackers behind ransomware attacks and has drawn the ire of many in law enforcement and cybersecurity experts . Recently the SEC and IRS have said their experts are closely watching bitcoin price volatility with growing concern .
Untied to any bank or government , bitcoin allows users to spend money anonymously , with the coins created by users who `` mine '' them by lending computing power to verifying other users ' transactions . They receive bitcoins in exchange .
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock .
New McAfee promises bigger channel play : Jagdish Mahapatra
Connected security and cloud stitched together with services is the future , says Jagdish Mahapatra , APAC Channel Chief at McAfee .
McAfee is now an independent company , with TPG Capital management at the helm .
Intel will continue to deliver guidance to McAfee with a 49 percent stake in the security company . “ The new McAfee will be more nimble and more agile for us to easily adapt to the new dynamic security landscape . It is a great outcome for our channel partners and end customers to solve the new challenges with our solutions , ” said Jagdish Mahapatra , Chief of Channel & Alliances - APAC , McAfee in an exclusive interaction with ChannelWorld .
It is really an exciting time at McAfee , said Mahapatra .
The maturity index of traditional channel partners traversing the services route in the security space is increasing . “ The appetite for services is quite mature in countries like Australia and Singapore as the customers see that value and hence our channel partners too view it as a positive business cycle . The customers are seeking delivery of business outcomes than just technology and that 's driving and perhaps changing our partners ' behavior , '' they said .
Does the value proportion and company outlook for channels change under new McAfee ? Not much , replied Mahapatra . “ Five years ago , when I joined McAfee ( part of Intel Security ) , the total security services market globally was 20 percent and the rest was product sales . Today , the services portion has swelled up to 60 percent , which indicates that partners have upgraded their skillsets and capability to provide services to end customers , ” they added .
McAfee 's platform architecture and product roadmap is right for channels to supplement services to the equation , said Mahapatra . “ The whole services and cloud play will almost go together . More organizations will ask partners to take off or move the on premise deployment and deliver those services from the cloud , ” they added .
Another big change made by McAfee for channels is to have domain specialization in early 2017 . “ We made it mandatory for channels to choose their areas of expertise in the security world . The key solutions include emerging dynamic end points that include migration from the device to cloud on one platform . And protecting the data as customers move to hybrid . That 's where DLP comes to the fore , ” they elaborated .
McAfee 's platinum partners have to pick at least three specialization areas out of four as they move into the services play .
McAfee is incentivizing partners for migrating their end point customers to the Dynamic endpoint threat defense . `` We have a large installed base of legacy end points over the years , '' they said .
McAfee is also looking to broaden the tier-2 partner play in the market . “ I feel the distribution assets of vendor companies have been treated more as a conduit to partners . McAfee is tailoring partner programs with distributors across APAC and India . This is being done to provide benefits to partners by adding value to their security stack of products , solutions and services , '' said Mahapatra .
1 2 Next Page
Miami 's Most Iconic BarsGoing out to a bar is a very popular outing for adults on the weekends . But most bars just play music and offer drinks . For those looking for a little change , try visiting an iconic bar . Antique architecture , buildings , legends from decades in the past , and gorgeous , calming views are just some of the things that go into making a bar an iconic landmark .
OAKLAND , Calif. — Golden State forward Andre Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night as they recover from a bone bruise in their left knee that cost them the final four games of the Western Conference finals .
The Warriors said Iguodala , who was injured in Game 3 against the Rockets on May 20 , was evaluated Tuesday and is making progress but still has the bruise and inflammation of the nerve surrounding their knee . Coach Steve Kerr has said Iguodala would n't play until they can run without pain . They will be re-evaluated ahead of Sunday 's Game 2 .
Kevin Love 's status for Cleveland remained unclear as they went through the concussion protocol after they were injured in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston . They are n't scheduled to attend media day Wednesday at Oracle Arena , where the Warriors host the series opener .
___
PHOENIX ( AP ) — When Ron Barber saw the news that a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a baseball game , they immediately are taken back to when they were yelling their wife 's name and phone number while lying on a gurney . Pam Simon remembers lying on the ground unable to move after the bullet went through their wrist into their chest .
The attack Wednesday in Virginia that left Rep. Steve Scalise in critical condition brought back painful memories for survivors of another shooting six years ago involving a member of Congress , former Rep. Gabby Giffords , who was shot in Tucson , Arizona .
“ It obviously floods back all the memories from Jan. 8 , ” Simon said . “ It really brings it back . You have PTSD symptoms that kind of flare up in things like this . ”
Giffords was holding a constituent event outside a grocery store in 2011 when gunman Jared Loughner opened fire , killing six people , including a federal judge and a 9-year-old girl , and shooting Giffords in the head , severely wounding them
Wednesday 's shooting happened in a similarly public place — a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria , Virginia . Scalise and other Republican lawmakers were practicing for a charity game when James T. Hodgkinson started shooting and chaos erupted .
Hodgkinson , who had a long history of lashing out at Republicans , was shot and killed by police . Loughner , who is serving life in prison , had posted several online ramblings about politics before they shot Giffords , a Democrat , although in the end no clear motive emerged .
Barber , who took over Giffords ' seat in Congress before narrowly losing a re-election bid in 2014 , said Wednesday 's shooting was a reminder of how low political discourse has fallen .
“ The vitriol , the harsh rhetoric , the personal attacks , they have escalated to a point where I hardly recognize our political process anymore . We have to stop this , ” Barber said .
For others , it prompted strong feelings about keeping weapons out of the hands of the wrong people .
“ This is n't a political issue nor was the one in Tucson , ” said Ken Dorushka , who was shot as they shielded their wife from Loughner . “ Anybody who would willingly take a gun and shoot somebody is unstable regardless of their political bent . ”
Giffords , who now advocates for tighter gun laws through their political action committee they founded with their husband , Mark Kelly , said they were heartbroken .
“ This shooting is an attack on all who serve and on all who participate in our democracy , ” Giffords said in a written statement Wednesday . “ May all Americans come together today with prayers for the survivors , love for their friends and family , and the courage to go about everyday making this country its best . Our nation is resilient , and we always come back stronger . ”
Six years ago , Sen. Jeff Flake had rushed from Phoenix to the hospital in Tucson when they heard Giffords was shot . On Wednesday , the Arizona Republican was at the baseball practice and tended to Scalise .
Flake said during an interview with CBS “ This Morning ” that they reached out to Giffords and Kelly .
“ Those of us in Arizona remember well that situation a few years ago . So , I sure hope that this ( brings ) more unity , we need it around here , ” Flake said .
Simon said days like Wednesday do n't feel normal because they get a lot of calls from friends and reporters . They said they work through the difficult memories by getting together with loved ones and speaking about being positive and encouraging other survivors .
“ The physical wounds fade but clearly the emotional ones are there . I have to disagree with the president when they made the statement that the member of congress will have a complete recovery . No one who 's been shot ever recovers emotionally , ” they said .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
SPORTS
Week 31 of the English Premier League sees Liverpool move above Spurs with a 5-0 thrashing of Watford , West Brom put another toe into the Championship with a defeat against Bournemouth , and Crystal Palace move two points clear of the drop zone with a win against Huddersfield .
There is something strange about milking a goat . It feels like you 're holding a penis in your hand , squirting white stuff out of the tip , and then there 's the sense that you are lower in the hierarchy than a Billy Goat Gruff .
I imagine that 's what it feels like to be in the bottom three of the English Premier League .
Bournemouth 2 v 1 West Brom
West Brom is 1.01 to end up in the Championship after a crushing 2-1 defeat to Bournemouth at the Vitality Stadium .
Alan Pardew remains in charge for now , but only because the Baggies board know to replace them with seven games remaining would be tantamount to jumping in a Japanese cockpit shouting ‘ Kamikaze . '
The game began awfully for West Brom when they lost captain Jonny Evans through illness in the 15th minute , but things perked up when they took the lead through a 49th minute Jay Rodriguez strike , their ninth goal of the season .
The problem with West Brom is not taking the lead ( although that too is a problem ) , it 's keeping hold of them . There was almost canned laughter around the stadium after Rodriguez 's strike , with Bournemouth fans aware Alan Pardew 's side had lost 24 points from winning positions ( more than any other Premier League side ) .
Bournemouth did n't play well . But Eddie Howe will take that over playing well and losing ( Spurs and Leicester ) . And they are a team of fighters . It was n't that long ago that Bournemouth flirted with the idea of relegation . Now they have taken 16 points from losing positions , more than any other club in the division .
Jordan Ibe capped a man of the match performance with a 77th-minute strike , and Junior Stanislas made it two in two with a millimetre-perfect free kick in the last minute of normal time .
West Brom has now lost seven games on the spin , hardly the stuff of a team desperate to avoid the drop . Bournemouth ends a four-game winless run and jumps three places to tenth .
Stoke 1 v 2 Everton
There is only one side that comes close to West Brom 's terrible form , and that 's Stoke , but do n't worry Stoke fans , you have the eternally optimistic Paul Lambert at the helm .
The Scot has been nothing but super-positive about their side 's ability to escape the drop zone after replacing Mark Hughes at the Bet365 Stadium , but the results paint a different picture .
Stoke are like one of those oranges left in the fruit bowl for too long . Turn them over , and there is a green underbelly . There is nothing left to do but to throw them into the trash .
Charlie Adams gifted Everton the opportunity to do so , and end a run of five successive defeats after the referee sent them to the stand for a 30th-minute lunge on Wayne Rooney .
Despite being reduced to 10-men , you could n't tell the difference on a day when the snow made it incredibly difficult for both sides . Cenk Tosun was the match winner scoring a brace either side of an Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting equaliser . The Turkish forward has now scored four goals in three games since their big-money move from Besiktas in January .
Despite Lambert 's confidence – we are well in the running – the Potters have only won one game in twelve and face Arsenal , Spurs and Liverpool in the next seven games . You can see why the bookies make them the 1.36 second-favourites to end a decade of enjoyment in the Premier League .
A Quick Round Up
Crystal Palace is now two points clear of the drop zone after a crucial away win against Huddersfield . The defeat for the Terriers sees them become the third-favourites for relegation despite being three points and three positions clear of the drop zone . Wilfried Zaha once again showed how crucial they are to the Palace campaign with another man of the match performance .
Finally , Liverpool moves above Spurs into third place after annihilating Watford at Anfield . Mohamed Salah scored four times to take their tally for the season to 36 goals in 41 games . Roberto Firmino was also on the scoresheet as Liverpool tore the sting out of the Hornets .
Here are the rest of the results in full .
Results in Full
Stoke 1 v 2 Everton
Huddersfield 0 v 2 Crystal Palace
Bournemouth 2 v 1 West Brom
Liverpool 5 v 0 Watford
Premier League Table
1 . Man City – 81
2 . Man Utd – 65
3 . Liverpool – 63
4 . Spurs – 61
5 . Chelsea – 56
6 . Arsenal – 48
7 . Burnley – 43
8 . Leicester – 40
9 . Everton – 40
10 . Bournemouth – 36
11 . Watford – 36
12 . Brighton – 34
13 . Newcastle – 32
14 . Swansea – 31
15 . Huddersfield – 31
16 . Crystal Palace – 30
17 . West Ham – 30
18 . Southampton – 28
19 . Stoke – 27
20 . West Brom – 20
Relegation Odds
West Brom 1.01
Stoke 1.36
Huddersfield 2.5
Southampton 3.2
West Ham 3.5
Swansea 6.1
Crystal Palace 7.5
Comments
