Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
CASCO , Maine ( AP ) — Lawyers for two men facing arson charges in a fire that destroyed a historic Maine schoolhouse say the men are intellectually disabled .
The Portland Press Herald reports an attorney for 22-year-old Devin Richardson-Gurney told a judge Monday that the man has autism . An attorney for 20-year-old Edward Scott says the man receives services from an organization that helps the intellectually disabled .
Prosecutors say the two men set the Friends School House in Casco on fire Sunday .
Members of the Raymond-Casco Historical Society say they may never recover from the loss . The school house was built in 1849 , and the historical society says they 've lost historic books and maps dating to the 1700s .
The judge set bail for Richardson-Gurney and Scott at $ 1,500 each .
___
Information from : Portland Press Herald , http : //www.pressherald.com
Following last week 's announcement that SZA would be pulled off of the TDE Championship Tour lineup due to swollen vocal chords , the singer posted a set of now-deleted tweets last night claiming that their “ voice is permanently injured. ” They also wrote : “ I jus wan na be left alone my priorities are fucked up . They have been fucked up . I need space goodbye. ” The tweets were posted after the singer returned to perform at the Championship Tour 's Madison Square Garden show last night , which may have prompted their comment of “ Tonight was the test . That settles that . ”
In their Instagram post from last week about their vocal issues , SZA wrote : “ I 've been touring for 11 months . This did n't happen overnight . Ive been troubleshooting for a while now and Usually steroids and pushing through help . They do n't have this time . I 'm not sick my voice just wo n't fucking work. ” Read their tweets ( archived by Vulture ) below , and watch clips of their MSG performance here and here ( courtesy of Pitchfork ) .
ENFORCEMENT : The RACQ has listed the five important road rules that drivers know but ignore .
ENFORCEMENT : The RACQ has listed the five important road rules that drivers know but ignore . Liana Turner
RACQ has reminded Gympie drivers about the importance of following all road rules , after it released its list of the five most common laws drivers know but ignore anyway .
Data from the Department of Main Roads revealed a raft of fundamental rules drivers were caught for between November 2016 and October 2017 , including more than 9270 drivers disobeying stop signs .
RACQ spokesperson Lauren Ritchie said drivers were throwing their money away on unnecessary fines .
`` It should be one of the easiest rules to understand but last year in the central police region we saw more than 2000 drivers fined for not stopping at a stop sign , '' Ms Ritchie said .
`` Stop signs mean you must come to a fully controlled stop behind the line before you take off again . It 's not rocket science . ''
Ms Ritchie said these laws may seem trivial to some drivers , but they were designed to make it safer for everyone on the road .
`` It 's up to every driver to brush up on the road rules before they get behind the wheel , and to ensure they follow them - ignoring these laws is risking your life and the lives of others . ''
Ignored road rules in the central police region :
Fail to stop at a stop sign at an intersection : 1947
Disobey 'No Right Turn ' sign : 418
Follow another vehicle too closely : 509
Driving at night or in reduced visibility without lights on : 222
Driving a car with L plates when you are not a Learner or Driver Trainer : 8
KEARNS , Utah — Canada 's Ted-Jan Bloemen set a world record Sunday on the final day of the World Cup speedskating event at the Utah Olympic Oval .
The Calgary native finished in six minutes 1.86 seconds in the men 's 5,000 . Dutch skater Sven Kramer held the previous record of 6:03.32 .
Germany 's Patrick Beckert was second in 6.10.80 , and countryman Moritz Geisreiter followed in 6:11.47 .
“ That was amazing , ” said Bloemen , who also holds the world record in the 10,000-metre distance . “ I saw the other skaters do times of 6:07 before me , so I knew the ice was quite a bit faster than last weekend , and that maybe it was possible to beat the world record . But this fast ? I did n't expect it . ”
Japan 's Nao Kodaira also set a record by finishing in 1:12.09 seconds in the women 's 1000 metres , their third race victory in three days . American Brittany Bowe held the previous record of 1:12.18 . Japan 's Miho Takagi was second in 1:12.63 , and Russia 's Yekaterina Shikhova followed in 1:13.23 .
Bowe improved on a pair of 13th-place finishes in the 500s . They finished in 1:13.55 to place sixth in the 1,000 .
Russia 's Denis Yuskov won the men 's 1,000 in 1:06.92 . Yuskov edged Dutchman skater Koen Verweij , who finished in 106.94 . Russia 's Pavel Kulizhnikov followed in 1:06.96 .
Jonathan Garcia was the top American . Garcia was seventh with a personal best of 1:07.40 . Joey Mantia was 10th , and Shani Davis 12th .
Russia 's Natalia Voronina took the women 's 3,000 in 3:57.70 . The Czech Republic 's Martina Sablikova was second in 3:57.84 , and Germany 's Claudia Pechstein finished third in 3:58.69 .
Ottawa 's Ivanie Blondin finished fourth to end up fourth in overall standings following the four fall World Cups . They qualified for the 3,000 for the upcoming Winter Olympics with a top-five finish and a bronze collected earlier this year .
Miramar has taken its share of criticism -- some players have complained that its open terrain is too sniper-friendly and occasionally barren . However , it still adds some much-needed variety for Xbox One players who 've become all too familiar with Erangel ( as good as it is ) since the early access title reached the console in December . This also gives you a better idea of what to expect going forward . The PC version is clearly going to have the lead in terms of features , but that lead might not extend further than it does today .
The first full-length trailer for Paramount Network 's upcoming Trayvon Martin docuseries , produced by Jay-Z , is here . Rest in Power : The Trayvon Martin Story features six installments and is scheduled to premiere on July 30 . The clip features interviews with Martin 's parents , surveillance footage from the night of Martin 's murder , and an appearance by Carmelo Anthony . A teaser for the series was released in February .
Jay-Z previously produced a miniseries about Kalief Browder for Paramount ( then Spike TV ) in 2017 . That series was a co-production with Harvey Weinstein , who was also originally slated to produce Rest in Power . All Weinstein-Company-related credits were removed from the Martin series following the sexual assault allegations made against Weinstein last year . Watch the trailer for Rest in Power below .
STONY BROOK , N.Y. — Jason Dunne scored 20 points , J.R. Lynch 19 , including five of six free throws in the final minute and Hartford held off a surging Stony Brook 73-64 Saturday night , winning a third straight .
Hartford ( 14-10 , 7-3 America East Conference ) led by as many as 14 midway through the second half before Stony Brook whittled the lead to 62-58 with 2:39 remaining . The Hawks never let Stony Brook get closer , immediately extending the lead back to seven points when Lynch hit a 3-pointer .
John Carroll added 12 points and 11 rebounds for Hartford , which never trailed though Stony Brook fought into four ties . The Hawks are tied for second place in the AEC .
Akwasi Yeboah led the Seawolves ( 8-16 , 3-7 ) with 23 points , UC Iroegbu added 12 and Elijah Olaniyi 10 points and 10 rebounds for their first double-double . Stony Brook has dropped five straight , losing by 2 , 3 , 4 , 7 and 9 points .
The European Commission ( EC ) has opened an in-depth investigation to assess whether Italy 's €900 million ( $ 1.1 billion ) bridge loan to flag carrier Alitalia constituted state aid and whether it complied with European Union ( EU ) rules for aid to companies in difficulty .
Alitalia , which is 49 % owned by Etihad Airways , filed for bankruptcy in May 2017 after employees rejected a labor agreement that would have unlocked shareholder funding for a turnaround plan .
The carrier has kept operating with the help of government funding as the process for finding an investor continues slowly , with UK LCC easyJet , Lufthansa and Cerberus Capital Management in the running and Lufthansa seen as the frontrunner .
Commissioner Margrethe Vestager , in charge of competition policy , said : “ The Commission has a duty to make sure that loans given to companies by member states are in line with the EU rules on state aid . We will investigate whether this is the case for Alitalia . ''
The Italian government awarded a €600 million bridge loan to the airline in May 2017 , adding an extra €300 million to the loan in October and notifying the European Commission that the funding was classified as “ rescue aid ” .
The Commission said it had received a number of complaints in 2017 alleging that the loan constituted state aid that was not compatible with the applicable EU rules .
“ The Commission 's current view is that the state loan may constitute state aid , ” the EC said . “ It will now investigate further whether the loan satisfies the conditions under the Guidelines . ”
The EC said it had concerns that the duration of the loan—from May 2017 until at least December 2018—exceeded the maximum of six months for a rescue loan . “ Furthermore , the Commission has doubts as to whether the aid is limited to the minimum necessary . ”
It now plans to investigate whether these initial concerns are justified .
Under EU state aid rules , public interventions in favor of companies can be considered free of state aid when they are made on terms that a private operator would have accepted under market conditions .
Alitalia has had a troubled financial history and this is not the first time its funding has come under scrutiny .
A €300 million loan granted to Alitalia following a previous bankruptcy in 2008 was found to come under the classification of state aid , but Compagnia Aerea Italiana , the consortium of investors that holds 51 % of Alitalia , was not forced to pay back the loan because it was not considered a legal successor to the bankrupt airline .
Irish budget carrier Ryanair had brought a court case over the earlier loan , but lost its appeal .
Helen Massy-Beresford , helen.massy-beresford @ aviationweek.co.uk
Dangote Foundation Donates N120m Secondary School Complex in Lagos
‎Business magnate and Africa 's richest man , Alhaji Aliko Dangote , through their foundation , has donated an equipped secondary school valued at N120 million in Lagos to Nawair-Ud-Deen Comprehensive College , Mushin . The newly built school is equipped with laboratories and conducive for learning .
Speaking at the inauguration and handing over of the building , Dangote said the foundation started in 1993 with the principle of “ to whom much is given , much is expected ” and looking at the less privileged ones have compelled it to provide some relief .
They said the four major goals of the Aliko Dangote Foundation are education , health and nutrition , economic empowerment and disaster relief , adding that the mission in education is targeted at reducing the number of out of school children , supporting talented and underprivileged young children to achieve their full potential , as well as educating girls and
women on health-related issues .
Dangote said apart from donating the school building , the foundation will be sponsoring 250 students who are unable to afford the school fees yearly ; provide 3.5KVA soundproof
generator to ensure constant electricity and furniture for the teachers and students .
“ I have already authorised my foundation to come up with a strategic plan to implement a scholarship programme for desiring less privileged children in this community . ”
They pointed out that over the past five years , the foundation has spent over N4 billion in building of classrooms , scholarship programme , upgrading infrastructure across
various universities , behavioral change communication programme targeted at girls and women , among others .
“ We have just recently inaugurated the Dangote Business School in Kano , the only business school in Nigeria that is well equipped . We will also be inaugurating similar projects in the University of Ibadan , we have done quite a lot in the education system and we are looking to do more .
“ Investing in young people to us means we are all working together to build a better Nigeria . In equipping Nigerian youths and preparing them for the 21st century challenges ,
we established the Dangote Academy in Kogi State , which provides specialised training and management skills for the youths particularly considering the large manpower needed in
the manufacturing industries . ”
They promised to continue to support the Nigerian government in its quest of providing quality education to the population , “ this is the only way we can secure and guarantee the future of the country .
In their remarks , the Chairman of Nawair-Ud-Deen Society of Nigeria , Lagos , Alhaji Ola Yussuff , commended Dangote for the donation , saying that Dangote single handedly opted to undertake the construction of the college building . Yussuff called on other Nigerians to emulate Dangote in donating towards educational and health programmes of the society , in order to contribute their quota to the realisation of the sustainable development goals in Nigeria .
The post Dangote Foundation Donates N120m Secondary School Complex in Lagos appeared first on THISDAYLIVE .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Southern Baptist Convention is reconsidering its decision not to formally condemn the political movement known as the `` alt-right . ''
The denomination took up the issue at its national meeting Tuesday in Phoenix . Southern Baptist leaders said the proposal as originally written was overly broad and had inflammatory language . They refused to present the suggested resolution for a vote .
`` All hell then broke loose , '' reported the Atlantic , quoting a black Southern Baptist pastor , “ The amount of work left to do in ‘ evangelical ' ( who knows that means any more ? ) church is staggering ” tweeted Thabiti Anyabwile , an African-American pastor of the Anacostia River Church in Southeast Washington , D.C .
But the move created a backlash from Southern Baptists and other Christians , especially black evangelicals , who questioned the denomination 's commitment to fighting racism . The Southern Baptist Convention was founded in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders ; leaders of the faith group have been striving to overcome that history .
In response to the uproar , Southern Baptist leaders said they would take up the resolution Wednesday afternoon .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , This email address has already registered for this newsletter . Close
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer quickly tweeted their support .
skip - spencer
Interested in Golden Globes ? Add Golden Globes as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Golden Globes news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
When nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards are announced Monday morning , the shadow of sexual misconduct scandals will be hard to avoid .
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. EST . A second batch of nominees will follow live on NBC 's `` Today '' show , where less than two weeks earlier , longtime host Matt Lauer was fired following multiple allegations of sexual misconduct .
Lauer was just the latest media figure to be toppled by the ongoing revelations that have followed the ouster of former Weinstein Co. co-chairperson Harvey Weinstein , along with many others , including Kevin Spacey . As a co-star in Ridley Scott 's upcoming `` All the Money in the World , '' Spacey — whose performance has been removed in reshoots — might have once expected to hear theirs named among Monday 's best supporting actor nominees .
Amazon 's `` Transparent '' and star Jeffrey Tambor have also been regular Globes nominees , and could be again Monday for the show 's fourth season . Two women have come forward in the past month to accuse Tambor of sexual harassment , including `` Transparent '' actor Trace Lysette and their former assistant . Tambor has said `` the idea that I would deliberately harass anyone is simply and utterly untrue . ''
The Globes will be the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood 's awards season to confront the post-Weinstein landscape . Presented and chosen by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , their deliberations are n't representative of the larger industry . The HFPA is composed of approximately 90 largely unknown international journalists .
But the Globes , which this year will be hosted by Seth Meyers on January 7 , have long characterized themselves as one of the frothiest stops on the awards season circuit . Many will be watching to see how the Globes weigh the likes of `` Transparent '' and `` All the Money in the World . '' A rough cut of the latter was reportedly screened for the HFPA shortly after Scott finished reshooting the film with Christopher Plummer stepping in for Spacey .
Among the favorites at the Globes this year are Steven Spielberg 's Pentagon Papers drama `` The Post '' and Christopher Nolan 's World War II tale `` Dunkirk . '' In the television categories , Hulu 's `` The Handmaid 's Tale '' and HBO 's `` Big Little Lies '' could be in for a big morning .
———
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at : http : //twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
CAGAYAN DE ORO CITY – An alleged member of the Maute Islamist terrorist group who was arrested here Thursday morning tried to elude arrest by using a fake identification card , police said .
According to police , Mohammad Noaim Maute presented a fake Mindanao State University under the name “ Alfaiz P. Mamintal ” when confronted in Barangay Macasandig at 5:30 a.m .
Maute was included in the Arrest Order No . 1 issued by Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana , martial law administrator in Mindanao .
ADVERTISEMENT
The suspect has been described by authorities as a bomber of the Maute Islamist terrorist group . CBB
Inquirer calls for support for the victims in Marawi City
Responding to appeals for help , the Philippine Daily Inquirer is extending its relief to victims of the attacks in Marawi City
Cash donations may be deposited in the Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro ( BDO ) Current Account No : 007960018860 .
Inquiries may be addressed to Inquirer 's Corporate Affairs office through Connie Kalagayan at 897-4426 , ckalagayan @ inquirer.com.ph and Bianca Kasilag-Macahilig at 897-8808 local 352 , bkasilag @ inquirer.com.ph .
For donation from overseas :
Inquirer Foundation Corp account :
Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro ( BDO ) Current Account No : 007960018860
Swift Code : BNORPHMM
ESTEVAN , Sask . — An extra women 's curling team has been added to the field for the Home Hardware Canada Cup in December .
Headlined by world champions Brad Gushue and Rachel Homan , as well as 2014 Olympic champion Jennifer Jones , the $ 140,000 event Dec. 5-9 in Estevan , Sask. , will feature seven men 's teams and eight women 's teams .
They 're invited based on ranking and there was a virtual three-way tie for two women 's berths , according to Curling Canada 's release Wednesday .
Edmonton 's Laura Crocker , Calgary 's Chelsea Carey , Casey Scheidegger of Lethbridge , Alta. , Kerri Einarson of Gimli , Man. , and Winnipeg 's Darcy Robertson will be in the women 's field .
Scheidegger , Einarson and Robertson finished last season in a virtual tie in the qualifying standings for the final two direct-entry berths .
The six men 's teams qualified so far are Gushue from St. John 's , N.L. , Edmonton 's Brendan Bottcher , 2014 Olympic champion Brad Jacobs of Sault Ste . Marie , Ont. , Calgary 's Kevin Koe , Winnipeg 's Reid Carruthers and Toronto 's John Epping .
One more team of each gender will be added in mid-November from the top non-qualified teams in the Canadian Team Ranking System ( CTRS ) .
The men 's and women 's Canada Cup winners secure berths in the 2021 Olympic pre-trials . They will also qualify for a World Curling Federation World Cup event in 2019-20 .
Despite their performance not going as planned , Metallica 's Lars Ulrich had nothing but great things to say about Lady Gaga 's duet with the metal group at the Grammys . “ Her voice , their attitude , their outlook on everything is so awesome , ” they told Rolling Stone . “ [ The performance ] was so effortless and organic and they just has the spirit of hard rock and metal flowing through their veins . It comes really easy for them There 's nothing contrived ; they just has this super warm , easy energy . ”
“ [ She was the ] quintessential perfect fifth member of this band , ” they added . “ We already started fast-forwarding to the next chapter when we can do more of this . It 's not one of those '20 lawyers , strategists and managers trying to force two people from two different worlds to figure out how to spend four minutes together on a national telecast . ' Of any of these undertakings , this is about as organic and authentic as there 's ever been one . We 're just getting started . ”
Ulrich also opened up about James Hetfield 's microphone not working for the first half of the performance . While they did n't confirm reports that a stagehand unplugged it , they did describe the incident as a “ slight technical snafu . ”
“ You just learn to live with that side of it , ” they said . “ It happened to Adele last year . I guess this year it was our turn . ”
{ `` id '' :53865040 , '' title '' : '' Chewbacca tells boy he 's getting new heart '' , '' duration '' : '' 0:40 '' , '' description '' : '' Austin Eggleston , 15 , was told in a life-changing moment by their doctor , dressed as Chewbacca , that he 's getting a heart transplant . `` , '' url '' : '' /Health/video/chewbacca-tells-boy-heart-53865040 '' , '' section '' : '' Health '' , '' mediaType '' : '' default '' }
The University of Wyoming lists 30 students from Sweetwater County on the 2017 fall semester President 's Honor Roll .
The President 's Honor Roll consists of regularly enrolled undergraduates who earned a 4.0 ( “ A ” ) grade-point average for the semester . To be eligible , students must have been enrolled for a minimum of 12 credit hours taken for letter grades .
For more information about the University of Wyoming , view the web page at : www.uwyo.edu/ .
Students are :
Green River
Katelynn M. Beckermann
Andrew G. Halverson
Cameron M. Hoyt
Allison G. Kloepper
Katelyn E. Moorman
John David Richardson
Dylan James Rust
Garrett David Young
Rock Springs
Caroline Louise Allen
Benjamin Taylor Audevart
Sarah E. Bailey
Savanna Paige Bayless
Veronica Raye Coy
Jessica Jane Fahlsing
James M. Fantin
Jordan Renee Goldman
Kaylee A. Hardesty
Katherine Curti Jacobs
Karina Kachnowski
Haley Kathleen LeFaivre
Kade Robert McJunkin
Karlee Rae Miller
Jessica O'Neal
Carolyn Grace Parton
Katelynn Anne Prather
Timothy Samuel Rolich
Josh E. Tepera
Jordan Taliaferro Valdez
Amanda M. Verheydt
Fletcher P. Wadsworth
( Texas Department of Criminal Justice via AP ) . This undated photo provided by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice shows Erick Davila . Attorneys for the Texas death row inmate want the U.S. Supreme Court to halt their scheduled execution this week fo ...
By MICHAEL GRACZYK
Associated Press
HUNTSVILLE , Texas ( AP ) - Attorneys for a Texas inmate want the U.S. Supreme Court to halt their scheduled execution for the shooting deaths of a 5-year-old girl and their grandmother during a birthday party 10 years ago outside a Fort Worth apartment .
Former Fort Worth street gang member Erick Davila is set for lethal injection Wednesday evening .
Lawyers for the 31-year-old Davila argue it 's improper for the elected Tarrant County district attorney to be involved in the case because they were the judge at Davila 's 2009 trial . They also contend evidence that Davila may have been high on drugs at the time of the shooting improperly was withheld from defense attorneys .
State lawyers are contesting the arguments .
Davila was convicted of killing Queshawn Stevenson and their 48-year-old grandmother , Annette Stevenson .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
OTTAWA — The federal Conservatives say if the Liberals are willing to put up billions of dollars to save the Trans Mountain pipeline to the West Coast , they should be willing to provide the same level of certainty to revive the Energy East line to the East Coast .
Opposition parties are sharpening their attacks on the government 's decision to buy Trans Mountain for $ 4.5 billion to ensure it gets built , with the Conservatives looking to see how far the government is willing to go on other pipelines and the NDP arguing the Liberals have completely abandoned their environmental principles .
Conservative MP Lisa Raitt says the government seems to take for granted the 32 seats it won in Atlantic Canada in the last election , since it is willing to give certainty to Trans Mountain but did n't step in to save Energy East when TransCanada pulled the plug on that project last fall .
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says Energy East is “ old news ” and the Conservatives are just embarrassed that they could n't get pipelines built when they were in government .
NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh in the meantime says they understand the frustration of those who are planning to protest hard against the Trans Mountain pipeline and while they condemn any violence , they will not instruct their caucus or anyone else on what limits should be placed on protesters breaking the law to stand up for what they believe in .
Singh says there is a long tradition of non-violent civil disobedience in Canada and they will not condemn people who use protests to express their frustration and anger .
The Bay County Sheriff 's Office announced the arrest of a local man on charges they committed sexual battery on a child .
The victim confided in a family member that Shanard Cameron had molested them Cameron , age 25 , allegedly took the victim without parental consent to a festival and had sex with them
The victim was interviewed at Gulf Coast Children 's Advocacy Center . Contact was made with Shanard Cameron and they were subsequently arrested and charged with Sexual Battery on a Child Under the Age of Twelve .
36 total views , 36 views today
Share Us
Tension as marketing institute ‘ rightsizes '
The plan by the National Institute of Marketing of Nigeria ( NIMN 's ) council led by Tony Agenmonmen to reposition the institute by sacking workers en masse and recruiting fresh hands is causing disaffection among members of staff , reports ADEDEJI ADEMIGBUJI .
WHEN a former Senior Strat-egy Manager at Nigerian Breweries Plc Tony Agenmonmen became President of the Nigerian Institute of Marketing Nigeria ( NIMN ) last month , the workers were happy .
Reason : They thought they were the messiah they were waiting for . One , they were being owed many months of salaries and allowances .
However , rather than get good news from the president , the workers got a'special yuletide package ' . The members of staff of NIMN were on Wednesday , last week told that they had been disengaged with a caveat that those still interested to work with institute should re-apply by January 6 , next year .
Expectedly , the 32-workforce , excluding the Registrar , expressed shock on the development . Their expectations that the new executive would improve their well-being , especially in clearing the backlog of their unpaid salaries , were dashed .
A source at the meeting said the workers were miffed by the development , saying it was contrary to the promises earlier made by Agenmonmen , when they met with the staff of the institute , shortly after being elected .
One of such promises , the source said , was that the Council would sort out the backlog of salaries being owed the staff and embark on capacity development for them to equip them for the challenges ahead .
“ Everybody was surprised at the announcement . Nobody expected it . We were thinking it was going to be one of such meetings where the new president would announce some of those ‘ goodies ' they had for the staff , “ they said .
It was gathered further that the board has already instructed the Chartered Institute of Personnel Management of Nigeria ( CIPM ) to help it handle the recruitment .
Confirming the development , a member of the institute , who would not want their name in print , said they had seen a memo , informing members of the development and the decision of the board to source for new employees from within and outside the institute 's workforce .
Meanwhile , the new president reportedly denied the disengagement story saying : “ I 'm not aware that any staff of the institute has been disengaged for now . All I know is that staff are on vacation , and they are expected to resume first week in January , next year . ”
The post Tension as marketing institute ‘ rightsizes ' appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BOXING
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) -- Floyd Mayweather Jr. will come out of retirement to meet UFC star Conor McGregor in an Aug. 26 boxing match that will feature two of the top-selling fighters in the world .
The two fighters both announced the fight after months of speculation about whether Mayweather would return at the age of 40 to face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never had a pro boxing fight .
Oddsmakers immediately made Mayweather a big 11-1 favorite in a fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules . It will take place at 154 pounds .
Mayweather , who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of their pro fights , will face the Irish UFC superstar at the T-Mobile arena on the Las Vegas Strip . They had tweeted a picture of themselves sparring in recent days to show they were already getting ready for the bout .
GOLF
ERIN , Wis. ( AP ) - Dustin Johnson wrapped up their final day practice round for the U.S. Open just as the sky began to rumble and the horn sounded to stop play at Erin Hills .
The timing could n't have been better for the world 's No . 1 player and defending champion , as it has been the past two weeks .
As much as they hate missing cuts , the Memorial two weeks ago was a good time for Johnson to have a weekend off . It allowed them to spend two days in Wisconsin getting to know the longest course in U.S. Open history , realizing that they would be a late arrival to Erin Hills because of some important family matters .
BASEBALL
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - Mookie Betts homered twice among their four hits and drove in three runs , Xander Bogaerts also had three RBIs , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7-3 .
Betts led off the game with a single , had an RBI double in the second , but their biggest hit was a solo home run in the fourth after the Phillies had scored three runs to close to 5-3 .
They had a chance for the cycle in the ninth , but instead of a triple connected for home run No . 11 .
TORONTO ( AP ) - Russell Martin hit a tiebreaking home run in the bottom of the eighth inning to lift the Toronto Blue Jays to a 7-6 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays .
Kendrys Morales homered among their two hits and drove in four runs for the Blue Jays , who won after giving up a three-run lead in the top of the eighth .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Darren Baker got scooped up by dad 's team again .
The son of Washington manager Dusty Baker was drafted by the Nationals in the 27th round of the Major League Baseball draft - 15 years after they first made headlines on the baseball diamond .
The younger Baker , now an 18-year-old speedy shortstop at Jesuit High School in California , was just 3 when they were a bat boy for the San Francisco Giants , managed by their father , in the 2002 World Series . During Game 5 against the Angels , Darren Baker had run to the plate to pick up a bat when J.T . Snow scored - and David Bell was flying down the third-base line and heading home . Snow quickly plucked Baker out of the way , a moment that instantly became a part of World Series lore .
Darren Baker , who has a commitment to play at the University of California , hit .396 with a .476 on-base percentage as a senior .
The Nationals took two other players with familiar names : Penn right-hander Jake Cousins - cousin of Washington Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins - in the 20th round , and California high school shortstop Jake Boone - son of former All-Star second baseman Bret Boone - in the 38th round .
HOCKEY
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) - The Pittsburgh Penguins ' Stanley Cup championship , the first an NHL team has won back to back in almost 20 years , spawned by far the biggest victory parade of any of the franchise 's five titles .
An estimated 650,000 people turned out along a downtown parade route that ended with a rally at Point State Park , city public works and public safety officials said . A sunny day with temperatures in the 80s did n't hurt , as the smell of sunscreen was as pungent as the Penguins ' love in a city that boasts , officially , only 305,000 residents .
Roughly 400,000 fans attended last year 's celebration , which was the biggest for any of the team 's Stanley Cup championships to that point .
The Penguins won the cup Sunday against the Nashville Predators with a 2-0 win in Game 6 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - The Rangers will buy out the final three years of Dan Girardi 's contract , ending the defenseman 's tenure in New York after 11 seasons .
The move will clear just under $ 2.9 million in salary-cap space next season and just under $ 1.9 million the two following years . Girardi was set to count $ 5.5 million against the salary cap through 2019-20 and with their no-movement clause would have had to be protected in the upcoming Vegas Golden Knights expansion draft .
By buying out the 33-year-old veteran , the Rangers can protect an extra player from Vegas and make room on their blue line for next season .
An editorial from the Halifax Chronicle Herald , published March 19 :
In the wake of what was almost certainly Russia 's appalling March 4 public nerve agent attack on one of its former spies now living in England , the Kremlin has defiantly continued to display its contempt for responsible statecraft .
In answer to Great Britain 's completely defensible demands that Russia explain how a Soviet-era-designed nerve agent , Novichok , had been deployed to nearly kill former Russian double agent Sergei Skrupal , 66 , and their daughter Yulia , 33 , in Salisbury earlier this month , Russian officials reacted with derision .
They mocked the British as uncivilized and “ boorish. ” Russian officials claimed British Prime Minister Theresa May was simply trying to deflect from their Brexit problems . Russia 's state media concocted wild , fanciful theories about the attack .
Meanwhile , the Kremlin implausibly denied Russia , or the former Soviet regime , had ever created such a chemical weapon , despite conclusive evidence to the contrary .
Even by the cynical standards of Vladimir Putin , who won a new presidential term Sunday in the latest rigged election , the attack — which has left Skrupal and their daughter still in critical but stable condition — was conspicuously brazen .
But it 's nothing new . Putin has consistently flouted international law whenever it suited them — annexing the Crimea , meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential elections , enabling Syria 's Assad to get away with using chemical weapons by providing cover at the UN Security Council .
Putin does this because the consequences — denunciations and sanctions — do n't hurt them internationally as much as they help them domestically . All the penalties lend credence to their claims the West seeks to humble Russia , keeping it from its true place as a leading world power .
May has talked tough since the nerve agent attack , which occurred in a shopping area of Salisbury . A police officer who came to the Skrupals ' aid was made ill by the nerve agent . As many as 500 civilians in the area were also exposed to risk of harm .
May 's Wednesday expulsion of 23 Russian diplomats accused of being spies is the biggest such action in many decades . The British prime minister also severed high-level contacts and promised further repercussions , including targeting suspect Russian money coming into their country .
The latter threat would mark a change . Critics point out that despite previous Kremlin outrages , like the 2006 murder of another Russian ex-spy on U.K. soil , Britain has been content not to ask too many questions about the sources of vast amounts of Russian investment , especially in London , from many of Putin 's oligarch friends .
A toughly worded joint statement by the U.K. , U.S. , Germany and France last week that blamed Russia for the attack , rightly pointing out it was hard to conclude otherwise , was welcome . Canada also condemned Russia for its actions .
But unless Britain and others follow up with more hard-hitting penalties , Putin will conclude — once again — that they can act with relative impunity whenever they wish .
That 's a dangerous state of affairs , as the people of Salisbury sadly learned first-hand .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Hundreds of parents across the country have called on President Donald Trump to embrace Obama-era protections for transgender students that call for letting them use school bathrooms in accordance with their gender identity .
In a letter sent to the president by the Human Rights Campaign late Tuesday , more than 780 parents stressed that `` all students deserve equal access to a safe , welcoming school and a high quality education no matter who they are . ''
The call follows a decision by the Trump administration last week to abandon a defense of the guidelines issued by the Obama administration . A court issued an injunction against those guidelines last summer in response to a lawsuit filed by 13 states . President Barack Obama appealed the injunction , but the Trump administration decided to back off from the appeal .
Parents of transgender students say that revoking the right of students to use school bathrooms according to their gender identity amounts to discrimination and it creates a hostile learning environment for transgender students . `` These policies are wrong , they hurt our children , and they violate the principle of equal education , '' the letter said .
Conservative activists firmly oppose the idea , saying it endangers the privacy and safety of other students .
Newly confirmed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has not voiced a position on the bathrooms controversy other than to say that they are against discrimination and will support all students .
During the election campaign Trump said that transgender students can use the bathroom they like .
Prosecute Dino Melaye for stealing IDPs items , Kogi chairperson tells EFCC
By Nwafor Sunday
The Kogi state chairperson of the Association of Local Governments of Nigeria , ALGON , Mr. Toufiq Isah , has called on the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission EFCC , and other anti-corruption agencies to investigate and prosecute Senator Dino Melaye for allegedly stealing items meant for Internally Displaced Persons , IDPs , in the North West on December , to their home town Ayetoro-Gbede .
Toufig said this on Monday in a interview with newsmen ‘ Daily Post ' in their home town Okoro–Gbede in Ijimu , concerning an alleged attempt to assassinate Sen. Dino Melaye in their house , which Melaye accused them of chairing the plans to kill him . According to Toufig , Dino entered Ayetoro with police officers shooting guns sporadically to scare people . Toufig said that Melaye has turned the story around to claim that they were attacked .
” It is Melaye 's responsibility to protect the lives and properties of their people , in-tandem with improved living standard , but if they can not do it they should allow them to have peace instead of causing unnecessary distraction ” .
However , Toufig called on the EFCC to investigate and prosecute Dino accordingly for taking to their house items meant for IDP 's . They stressed that Dino has never empowered anybody in Okunland since they became a Senator representing the Zone . On the IDP 's items Dino usurped they said “ I am using this medium to call on the EFCC and the Presidency to investigate how items meant for IDPs in the North-east got to the hand of a senator who ordinarily is supposed to contribute to ameliorate the sufferings of the people .
“ The items , according to information , were packed in their house at Ayetoro- Gbede . EFCC should also investigate and uncover the staff of nemas who might have aided and abated Dino in that shoddy deal .
“ If you go to some villages , within our local government area , you will notice dearth of basic social amenities .
“ The Governor Yahaya Bello-led administration has made it compulsory to all the councils ' administrators to go down to the hinterlands and touch people 's lives positively through the New Direction Agenda of the government , and that is exactly what I am doing in my council area ” they added .
The post Prosecute Dino Melaye for stealing IDPs items , Kogi chairperson tells EFCC appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It 'll work in much the same way as it does on web and mobile -- search and play your favorite albums , create the perfect gaming playlist and so on -- but with a couple of new features . The Xbox One version has a refreshed look , making it easier to navigate your music collection , and includes background audio support and an autoplay function that means you 'll never be left sitting in silence when your gaming gets too intense to pause and find something else to listen to .
Xbox One fans do n't have a huge amount of choice when it comes to on-demand background-streaming music services . Since Groove -- which was first on the scene -- is no more , Pandora 's main rival Spotify has taken the top spot . Whether Pandora will overtake Spotify as the gamer 's streaming service of choice is yet to be seen , but its arrival on Xbox One certainly increases competition between the two .
Nigeria 's disease control agency says its winning Lassa fever war
A new report issued by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control ( NCDC ) seems to suggest that the country is turning the corner on the scourge of Lassa fever as it has recorded the lowest number of cases in the last seven days since the beginning of the outbreak .
After more than 100 deaths and almost 416+ confirmed infections , Nigeria in April recorded a sharp decline in the spread of Lassa fever .
“ Only one new confirmed case with no new death of Lassa fever was reported in the Edo state in the reporting Week 16 ( April 16-22 , 2018 ) .
“ This is the lowest weekly case count since the first week of January 2018 , ” the NCDC said in its situation report released Tuesday .
The report stated that from 1st January to 22nd April 2018 , a total of 1865 suspected cases have been reported from 21 states . Of these , 416+ were confirmed positive , 9 are probable , 1439 are negative ( not a case ) and 1 are awaiting laboratory results ( pending ) .
This year 's epidemic is Nigeria 's largest on record , with confirmed cases in January and February alone exceeding the total number reported in the whole of 2017 .
“ Since the onset of the 2018 outbreak , there have been 105 deaths in confirmed cases , 9 in probable cases . Case Fatality Rate in confirmed cases is 25.2 per cent , ” say the report .
Lassa fever is an acute viral haemorrhagic illness , transmitted to humans through contact with food or household items contaminated by infected rodents . Person-to-person transmission can also occur , particularly in hospital environment in the absence of adequate infection control measures .
The agency further disclosed that at least one confirmed case have been recorded in Edo , Ondo , Bauchi , Nasarawa , Ebonyi , Anambra , Benue , Kogi , Imo , Plateau , Lagos , Taraba , Delta , Osun , Rivers , FCT , Gombe , Ekiti , Kaduna , Abia and Adamawa making it twenty – one states across 70 Local Government Areas .
“ In the reporting week 16 , one new healthcare worker was infected in a private health facility in Edo state. ” Thirty-seven health care workers have been affected since the onset of the outbreak in eight states Ebonyi ( sixteen ) , Edo ( twelve ) , Ondo ( three ) , Kogi ( two ) , Benue ( one ) , Nasarawa ( one ) , Taraba ( one ) , and Abia ( one ) with eight deaths in Ebonyi ( six ) , Kogi ( one ) and Abia ( one ) .
“ 81 per cent of all confirmed cases are from Edo ( 42 per cent ) Ondo ( 23 per cent ) and Ebonyi ( 16 per cent ) states ; and that three cases are currently being managed in treatment centres in Edo state . The lowest since the beginning of the outbreak , ” say the report .
The agency noted that a total of 4906 contacts have been identified from 21 states . Of these 420 ( 8.6 per cent ) are currently being followed up , 4476 ( 91.2 per cent ) have completed 21 days follow up while 7 ( 0.2 per cent ) were lost follow up . 78 symptomatic contacts have been identified , of which 28 ( 36 per cent ) have tested positive from five states ( Edo-13 , Ondo-8 , Ebonyi-3 , Kogi -3 and Bauchi-1 ) .
“ National Lassa fever multi-partner multi-agency Emergency Operations Centre ( EOC ) continues to coordinate the response activities at all levels , however response has been de-escalated due to continued decline of cases over the past 9 weeks , ” the report stated .
ANTHONIA OBOKOH
The post Nigeria 's disease control agency says its winning Lassa fever war appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Judges commence strike in Plateau
ASSocIATIon of Sharia , Area and Customary Courts of Nigeria , SACCJAN , Plateau State chapter , said yesterday that it has commenced an indefinite strike over non-payment of dressing allowances owed them for the past eight years . Addressing newsmen in Jos , Chairman of the Forum of Judges , Ayuba Dazel , urged the 140 judges to comply strictly with the [ … ]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot : Nigerian Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Last July , Animal Collective 's Avey Tare released their second solo album Eucalyptus . On Tuesday , Tare announced that the Essence Of Eucalyptus EP , a remix project based on the asupervisorstioned album , will drop in September .
The limited edition 12″ will feature remixes of a handful of songs from an album we previously described as “ a patient , reflective , and decidedly low-key ” return to the Animal Collective 's acoustic era .
Each of Tare 's Animal Collective bandmates remixed songs for the EP . Geologist reworked “ When You Left Me , ” Panda Bear put their spin on “ Melody Unfair , ” and Deakin added their touch to “ Ms . Secret. ” The B side closes out with live performances of “ PJ ” and “ DR aw One for J . ”
The remixes can be heard below , but the physical record does n't come out until September 7 .
Animal Collective are touring Europe and North America this summer .
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “ activate now ” button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
Credit : Cesar Diaz/Latino Sports
Flushing , NY – It was a milestone night for Curtis Granderson Wednesday at Citi Field and not a good one again for New York Mets righthaner Matt Harvey . Granderson with a go-ahead home run in the eighth inning , hit the 300th of their career in a five-run running that paved the way for a Mets 9-4 win over the Chicago Cubs .
Taking two out of three from the defending world champions is also a positive for the Mets . They need to win series if they want to get back in the thick of things and catch the first place Nationals in the National League East . And the Nationals come to Citi Field for a four-game series Thursday night with a 8.5 game lead in the division .
“ This was a big win for us coming into tomorrow night , ” said manager Terry Collins . And the Lucas Duda three run homer to right closed the scoring , their 12th was another positive in this win . But as this season goes for New York , so does the constant array of injuries that provide more setbacks .
The Mets may have lost their second baseman Neil Walker for a significant amount of time . Running to first on a sacrifice bunt to first base in the third inning , Walker was in pain and grabbed their lower left leg . Hamstring or leg injury appears to be the latest setback for Walker and they will undergo an MRI Thursday morning .
Collins said , it was not known as to the severity of Walker 's injury . But the manager said , “ I 'm concerned until they see the doctor . ”
And prior to game time , righthander Josh Smoker was put on the disabled list with shoulder strain and there is speculation that their relief outing Tuesday night , throwing over 42 pitches , may be the cause . In the meantime the revolving door continued as righthander Rafael Montero was once again recalled from Triple-A Las Vegas .
Of more concern was the outlook of Matt Harvey . After giving up three home runs , including a game leading leadoff homer to Anthony Rizzo , the velocity was down . It could not be determined at times if Harvey was throwing a fastball or a curve . After giving up back-to-back home runs to Rizzo and the rookie Ian Happ in that first inning , Harvey retired nine in a row .
But the velocity was not there and after 4.0 innings and 58 pitches , the night for Harvey was over . Collins said it was arm fatigue , and it was brought to their attention . So the alarm was set off for the often injured Harvey who has not been the same since their return from Tommy John Surgery . Collins said , “ If it 's fatigue we are asking for trouble . ”
Last year Harvey saw their season come to an abrupt halt and had surgery for Thoracic outlet syndrome on their shoulder , and that came after they were diagnosed with fatigue .
There is a plan for Harvey to possibly have another MRI and that could determine where this is going . Harvey said when asked , “ Other than performance it has been ups and downs. ” Meaning , a season of the unexpected , though it is quite obvious they no longer has the velocity of the pitcher that had a dominant fastball .
“ My arm was not working at all , ” Harvey said . “ In past games , it 's taken a while to get loose and get warm . Obviously since the surgery , that 's been the issue. , but tonight it got loose and progressively just felt really tired . ”
The Mets bullpen filled the void before that eighth inning . Jerry Blevins worked 1.1 scoreless innings and Addison Reed were key components in the backend . Blevins , 4-0 , got the win .
And Juan Lagares , leading off for the Mets went 2-for-4 . Their two runs batted in were able to get the Mets back in the game after falling behind in the fourth inning . Their triple in the sixth inning tied the game and has two doubles , a triple , home run , six RBIs and four runs scored in their last eight games .
“ I come to play and look for my opportunity , ” said Lagares . They are getting more playing time while Michael Conforto nurses an ailing back . In the meantime this was a win the Mets wanted but there is more concern about Matt Harvey and Neil Walker ,
The injuries continue for the Mets . But taking a series against the Nationals is what the Mets want and that can get off to a good start with a win Thursday night as they oppose 5-1 Gio Gonzalez and their 2.91 ERA .
MONTEVIDEO , Uruguay — A prosecutor in Uruguay is asking for formal charges against a former vice-president of the South American country .
Lawmakers accepted Raul Sendic 's resignation last year amid corruption accusations involving their tenure as head of state oil company ANCAP . It was the first time a vice-president had stepped down in Uruguay .
Prosecutor Luis Pacheco on Monday also requested charges against eight other senior officials at ANCAP and its subsidiaries . A judge must now decide if Sendic goes to trial .
The corruption allegations surfaced after a weekly publication reported that between 2010 and 2013 , Sendic used corporate credit cards to make purchases at jewelry , electronics , furniture and other stores apparently unrelated to their official business .
He 's also accused of abuse of office over some contracts .
Sendic has repeatedly denied wrongdoing .
If you like a last-minute twist in a courtroom thriller , you will have left the Memorial Hall in Hathersage with a great big smile on your face after Witness for the Prosecution .
The Hathersage Players ' production of Agatha Christie 's classic ran to appreciative audiences over four nights .
The cast were beautifully led by Emily Upton in the titular role . Miss Upton 's smouldering portrayal of Romaine Vole ( pictured ) conjured up wonderful memories of Marlene Dietrich in the famous 1957 film of the same name as they coolly foiled all those around them who sought the truth .
The combative Sir . Wilfrid Robarts Q.C. , played by the ever-talented Denis Murphy was chiefly foiled . Mr Murphy drove the production with charm and flair , especially so bearing in mind the enormity of the script that they had committed to memory .
Thereafter , the cast played in strong support , notably Rob Hall as the caddish Leonard Vole ( as well as directing ) , Richard Morello as the steady John Mayhew , Joe Hardy as the “ irritating ” Mr. Myers Q.C . and Val Robinson as the truculent Janet MacKenzie . Humour was injected by some lovely moments from Alistair Cook as Carter/Mr Justice Wainwright and Gail Newsome as Greta .
The scene in 1954 was set nicely using contemporary fashions , music and news items . The swift interplay between the intimate set for the Chambers of Sir . Wilfrid Robarts Q.C . and the impressively grand set for the courtroom at The Old Bailey was something of a triumph with clever lighting changes completing the task .
The challenges faced when presenting a static courtroom drama were successfully overcome using an adapted script with engaging dialogue that tripped along at a good pace from well-developed characters . The gasps from the audience at the twist proved the point .
Hot on the heels of last year 's sell-out sensations of Jane Eyre and Oliver ! , this production marked something of an adventurous change by the ambitious Hathersage Players . However , this was a true victory and will hopefully be swiftly followed by another .
STOP PRESS : Hold onto your hats ! Their next production is Jessica Swale 's rip-roaring play , Nell Gwynne , a script fresh from winning the best new comedy in the West End , from Wednesday , October 11 to Saturday , October 14 , 2017 , at 7.30pm .
“ This council does not represent the people of North Kensington , ” Mr. Daffarn said .
Last year 's referendum on whether Britain should leave the European Union , known as Brexit , exposed the deep resentment of working-class Britons outside London toward the elites in the wealthy , cosmopolitan capital . But the charred remains of Grenfell Tower have become a shocking symbol of inequality at the heart of the capital itself . They have changed the national narrative .
If the Brexit vote was driven by a populist message that immigrants and Europe 's open borders were to blame for the nation 's malaise , the fire has brought back into focus how years of steep government cuts have disproportionately hit the poorest , amplifying the pain from stagnant wages after the financial crisis .
“ These are volatile and uncertain times , ” Alan Milburn , the chairperson of the government 's Social Mobility Commission , said last month after warning that social and economic divisions were dangerously widening . “ Whole tracts of Britain feel left behind , ” they said . “ The growing sense that we have become an us-versus-them society is deeply corrosive of our cohesion as a nation . ”
Kensington and Chelsea is a microcosm of a divided Britain . The south is home to Kensington Palace Gardens , better known as Billionaires ' Row , one of the most expensive streets in the country . Roman Abramovich , the Russian billionaire , owns a mansion there reportedly worth £125 million ( $ 163 million ) . And Kensington Palace is where Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge will be raising their children .
To the north , Golborne ranks as one of the two poorest wards in London . Victorian-era diseases like tuberculosis and rickets have made a comeback . Life expectancy in parts of North Kensington is 20 years lower than in South Kensington .
In recent years , the council has spent millions of pounds subsidizing opera tickets and paying tax rebates to all except the poorest at a time when services for youths and toddlers were reduced , and free swimming classes for state-funded schools and older residents were canceled . The contempt directed at those raising concerns about fire safety at Grenfell Tower was not an exception , residents said , but the fire exposed the disconnect between an elitist council and poor residents in the north .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ They do n't know how the other side lives , ” said Monica Press , a Labour councilor from North Kensington .
The council leader , Elizabeth Campbell , admitted last month that in their 11 years as a council member they had never set foot inside a high-rise housing project .
Ms. Campbell , who took over as leader after the Grenfell fire , has vowed to rebuild trust . But local residents said the social contract between those who govern and those they purport to represent is broken . Police officers investigating the fire have told survivors that there were “ reasonable grounds to suspect ” that the council and the organization managing its social housing might have committed corporate manslaughter .
“ How do you think our children feel seeing people not care about their mothers , fathers , grandparents , uncles , aunties ? ” said Niles Hailstones , whose youngest son attended school with several children who died in the fire . “ We watched the building burn down in front of our eyes . ”
One of the most interesting players to watch this fall in the new defense under Nate Woody will be senior defensive end Anree Saint-Amour . The talented pass rusher has 7.5 career sacks coming into this season . Saint-Amour went from a situational pass rusher as a first-year student to the third end in the rotation two years ago to jumping a pair of seniors for a starting job by the end of their junior seasons . Their production should increase this year with a more aggressive style of defense under Woody and new defensive line coach Jerome Riase .
A strong senior season for Saint-Amour could also bolster their draft stock . Their length , speed and athleticism will be very attractive for NFL teams if they can put some good senior film on tape .
age 83 , Kenton
There will be no services for Gwendolyn “ Gwenn ” Mae Burkhouse at this time .
The Schindewolf-Stout-Crates Funeral Home in Kenton is assisting the family with arrangements . Condolences may be left for the family by visiting stoutcrates.com .
They died at 1:55 a.m. Sunday , Feb. 12 , 2017 at The Heritage Manor in Findlay .
Login Login
Password
Signup Here
Lost Password
Subscribe to the Kenton Times to read the full story ...
Get your Hardin County news in print AND online !
Are you a current subscriber to the Kenton Times ?
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY !
If you currently subscribe the Kenton Times in print , then your access to the online content is INCLUDED in your subscription ! Just verify your subscription to get started !
BOCA RATON , Fla. — Tyree Griffin scored 21 points , Dominic Magee added 16 more and Southern Miss held off Florida Atlantic in the second half for a 77-66 win Saturday night .
Southern Miss ( 12-12 , 5-6 Conference-USA ) closed out the first half with a 22-6 run that included a pair of 3-pointers from D'Angelo Richardson to take a 38-21 advantage into the break , but had to scramble in the second half as Florida Atlantic closed in . The Owls ( 10-13 , 4-7 ) outscored Southern Miss 45-39 in the final 20 minutes and cut the deficit to 71-66 after a pair of free throws from William Pfister with 37 seconds left .
Cortez Edwards , who finished with 15 points , dropped in a layup at the other end to stretch the Southern Miss advantage back to seven and the Owls were held scoreless the rest of the way as the Golden Eagles sealed it from the free throw line , snapping a two-game skid .
Richardson had 10 points for Southern Miss , which shot 52 per cent from the field , including 8 for 12 from 3-point range .
Payton Hulsey led FAU with 16 points , Gerdarius Troutman added 15 , Justin Massey had 12 . Pfister grabbed 12 rebounds to go with five points .
New this year , on December 15th , Anthony Blake Clark will lead the audience and Chamber Chorus in Handel 's complete oratorio . Enjoy this surround-sound experience even if you do n't sing along ! Bring your own musical score or purchase one at the concert . The concert begins at 7:30 p.m. To reserve tickets or for more information , please contact Baltimore Choral Arts at 410-523-7070 or visit www.BaltimoreChoralArts.org
By Matt Lombardo | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
LOS ANGELES -- Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz suffered a left knee injury , that initial reports say the team fears is a torn ACL , but despite losing one of the NFL 's premier quarterbacks , all hope is not lost for this season .
Back in March , the Eagles paid Nick Foles $ 4 million to backup Wentz , and when pressed into action Sunday against the Rams , Foles completed 60 percent of their passes while leading a pair of fourth quarter field goal drives and preserving the team 's most pivotal game of the season .
There will be daunting challenges in the postseason potentially against elite quarterbacks such as the Saints ' Drew Brees , Alanta 's Matt Ryan , Carolina 's Cam Newton or even a rematch with quarterback Jared Goff , running back Todd Gurley , and wide receiver Cooper Kupp .
However , there is still reason to be optimistic about the Eagles ' chances in those matchups :
The Giant Eagle Kid-A-Palooza , sponsored by Green Giant Veggie Tots , is happening at David L. Lawrence Convention Center on Saturday , February 10th from 10AM-4PM ! Tickets are on sale now for this Festival of Fun for the entire family ! Tickets are on sale now . Click here to buy tickets .
Click here for complete Kid-A-Palooza details .
Listen to 100.7 Star to win tickets at these times :
Monday , February 5th & Tuesday , February 6th :
8:00-8:15am
10:30-10:45pm
11:45-Noon
3:15-3:30pm
5:00-5:15pm
Bitcoin in Brief Tuesday : Wary Giants , Eager Dwarfs
For some obvious reasons , but also irrational fears , big players like China , Russia , and the European Union are wary of cryptos like bitcoin . Centralized control does n't square with decentralization . However , often that 's not how their own regions and smaller neighbors feel about cryptocurrencies . In today 's Bitcoin in Brief we cover some recent developments mirroring this divergence of interests . The balance between center and periphery is likely to determine the future of cryptocurrencies in Eurasia and beyond .
Also read : Bitcoin in Brief Monday : Snatching Blockchain , Tracking Bitcoin
Only Cryptoyuan , Only Cryptoruble
China will not allow any cryptocurrency other than a digital yuan , a Chinese entrepreneur recently told Russian media . Huan Zhang 's company , DAEX Blockchain Group , is working on a clearing ecosystem for cryptocurrencies in collaboration with Russian counterparts . They believe the decentralized nature of blockchain technologies and a centralized clearing platform should be balanced well for the crypto market to function properly . “ China treats the blockchain in a positive way , but fears cryptocurrencies , ” Zhang told Sputink . “ The central bank is working on its own digital coin , cryptoyuan , and authorities wo n't allow any other cryptocurrency in the country , ” they said on the sidelines of the economic forum in Yalta , Crimea .
The Central Bank of Russia is also wary of decentralized cryptocurrencies . On multiple occasions , its representatives have spoken against their uncontrolled circulation and free exchange . The idea of a cryptoruble has its supporters among Russian officials , including in the CBR . For many Russian regions , however , a centralized crypto as a state-issued alternative is simply not good enough . The western exclave of Kaliningrad and Russia 's far-eastern capital Vladivostok , for example , are willing to create offshore zones for businesses working with decentralized cryptocurrencies .
Crypto-Crimea Planned
The Autonomous Republic of Crimea , which hosted the Yalta Forum , has been dealing with sanctions since it joined the Russian Federation . Local officials are convinced that a vibrant crypto sector could help the region overcome international isolation and develop economically . They have recently asked for permission to set up a crypto offshore zone , crypto exchange , crypto cluster , and even issue a Crimean crypto . The Russian Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Association is actually working on a “ Crypto-Crimea ” plan encompassing all proposals .
Forget about China , Think of Hong Kong
Beijing 's crackdown on cryptocurrencies has turned China 's own Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong and the Asian city-state of Singapore into wanted destinations for investors and businesses raising crypto funds . The number of startups launching initial coin offerings ( ICOs ) in these two territories has sky-rocketed in recent months , according to local fintech entrepreneurs , lawyers , and industry organizations . “ Yes , there has been a lot of activity , ” said Anson Zeall , chairperson of Singapore 's Association of Cryptocurrency Enterprises and Startups . Like many others in the sector , they think the increase is related to China 's retreat from ICOs .
Thanks to its independent legal system , Hong Kong has also seen significant ICO growth . As reported by Chinese media , all ICO platforms and Bitcoin exchanges have already exited the Chinese market as a result of official warnings of the risks associated with investing in these projects . Well , others , including Hong Kong , which is part of China , are still willing to accept the risks , supporting innovation and economic growth .
Europe and the Europeans
While United Europe has recently confirmed serious intentions to end anonymity for crypto traders , with a vote in the European parliament last week , crypto exchanges are not turning back on Europeans , not yet . Many trading platforms have decided to move closer to the Old Continent , not too close , though – Switzerland , Gibraltar , Malta , even the exiting UK .
Maltese authorities are on a crusade to make their island the friendliest jurisdiction for the crypto sector . Proposed regulations are tailored to provide crypto exchanges , brokerages , asset managers , and crypto users with “ legal certainty ” . Two of the world 's largest cryptocurrency trading platforms have confirmed intentions to relocate operations to Malta . Binance , which announced it is moving to the “ Blockchain Island ” , recently said it will hire up to 200 people there . Following its decision , the Chinese rival Okex said it 's also coming to island . Other crypto companies have followed in their footsteps , including Berlin-based blockchain firm Neufund and the gaming platform operator Abyss .
Looking to expand beyond Asia , another Chinese exchange , Huobi , is planning to set up an office in London , despite Brexit . “ Our statistics show that London is the most active trading scene across Europe , ” Chern Chung , Huobi 's senior business development manager for Europe , has been quoted as saying . “ Absolutely – London , Britain is the entry point for the European market for us , ” Vice-President of Huobi Group Peng Hu confirmed .
Beyond Eurasia
Crypto businesses are often known for swimming against the stream . The crypto exchange Golix , which has recently felt the heat from competition in bitcoin-loving Zimbabwe , has announced plans to expand its operations to neighboring South Africa . In partnership with the local crypto hub Blockstarters , the trading platform wants to increase its network on the continent , tapping into the very active South African market .
Authorities in the regional powerhouse have recently taken steps to tax crypto incomes and transactions , which can curb crypto trade . On the other hand , self-regulation has been mentioned as a solution for the South African crypto sector . So , at the end of the day , Golix might have taken a sound business decision .
Do you agree that the diversity of interests in each country and region helps cryptocurrencies ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .
Images courtesy of Shutterstock .
Make sure you do not miss any important Bitcoin-related news ! Follow our news feed any which way you prefer ; via Twitter , Facebook , Telegram , RSS or email ( scroll down to the bottom of this page to subscribe ) . We 've got daily , weekly and quarterly summaries in newsletter form . Bitcoin never sleeps . Neither do we .
The post Bitcoin in Brief Tuesday : Wary Giants , Eager Dwarfs appeared first on Bitcoin News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
( Portland , OR ) – Governor Kate Brown today announced that they are reaffirming their commitment to pursue gun violence prevention measures . In the wake of the Las Vegas shooting , the largest mass shooting in United States history , and the two-year anniversary of the mass shooting at Umpqua Community College , Governor Brown will be working with Oregon lawmakers to develop legislation for the 2018 legislative session that will keep guns out of the wrong hands and help protect Oregonians from gun violence .
“ My thoughts and prayers are with the families suffering from gun violence in Oregon and across the country . But , I know my condolences will never be enough to keep families safe from violence , ” said Governor Brown . “ We , as lawmakers , must put politics aside and work together to keep our communities safe . I look forward to working with the Legislature to finish what we started last session and close the Charleston and Boyfriend Loopholes for good . These policies will keep guns out of the wrong hands and help keep our promise to families across the state to keep our communities safe . ”
Closing the “ Charleston Loophole ” will keep a person who is prohibited from purchasing firearms unless and until the Oregon State Police can determine they are eligible . Closing the “ Boyfriend Loophole ” will update the definition of a domestic violence offender to match the definition already in Oregon law , and will also add persons convicted of misdemeanor stalking to those prohibited from purchasing firearms .
Mason County Sheriff 's Department
The Mason County Sheriff 's Department reports the following arrests made Jan. 23 – Feb. 1 : Steven C. Senhart , 34 , Reedy , grand larceny , petit larceny , arrested by Deputy Cavender . Gregory A. Harrison , 49 , Kenna , grand larceny , arrested by Deputy Cavender . Daniel Scarberry , 30 , Point Pleasant , capias , arrested by Deputy Ferrell . Danny C. Bates , 53 , Henderson , felon in possession of firearm , arrested by Sgt . Varian .
Mason County EMS
Mason County EMS calls Jan. 1- 14 were as follows : EMS was toned out a total of 226 times ; this includes transports , emergencies and all others . Station 100 had 136 calls 60.2 percent , Station 200 had 41 calls 18.1 percent , Station 500 had 49 calls 21.7 percent . There were total of 175 calls , including , 67 transports and 108 emergencies ; 48 general medical , 3 abdominal pain ; 4 altered mental statuses , 17 breathing problems , 2 cardiac arrest , 11 chest pains , 1 diabetic emergencies , 8 falls , 1 fractured body part , 3 head injury , 2 hemorrhage/laceration , 2 hypertension , 2 overdoses , 2 seizures , 2 stab/gun wound . Transport Breakdown of 67 total calls were 8 ALS transports ; 3 C3IFT ; 56 BLS transport . There were 58 calls which resulted in not taking a patient anywhere : 7 ALS assists , 2 BLS transported by ALS , 14 cancelled enroute , 5 no patient contact , 17 patients refused care , 5 treated then refused , 1 lifting assist to another EMS squad , 2 fire standbys , 2 dead on scene but txp , 1 dead on scene , no txp , 2 air medical . There were 121 patients transported to the area hospitals . These include transports as well as emergencies : 70 to PVH , 11 to CHH , 21 to HMC-G,13 to SMH , 2 to HMC-P,1 to CAMC , 1 to CAMC Teays Valley , 1 to WVU – Ruby1 to Camden Clark . Report submitted by Karen Jones on behalf of Mason County EMS .
http : //www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_3.18-PPR-Graphic-4.jpg
CHICAGO — Bruno Skokna scored 18 points with 4-for-5 shooting , Donte Ingram sank five 3-pointers and Loyola-Chicago cruised to an 80-52 win over winless Norfolk State on Saturday .
Cameron Krutwig added 12 points and hauled in eight rebounds for Loyola-Chicago ( 10-1 ) and Adarius Avery had 10 points . The Ramblers , who upset No . 5 Florida just three days earlier , extended their win streak to three by hitting 71 per cent of their 35 shots from the field Saturday , including 10 of 13 from long range , and controlling the glass 36-21 .
Leading by four in the first half , Loyola-Chicago broke away with a 20-5 run capped with two of Ingram 's 3-pointers to make it 38-19 with under six minutes to play in the opening half . Marques Townes and Bruno Skokna also had 3-pointers in the breakaway run and the Ramblers led by double figures the rest of the way .
Derrik Jamerson Jr. led Norfolk State ( 0-9 ) with 14 points and Steven Whitley had 10 .
The letter also asks for general background info , such as the number of data policy violations from the past 10 years , privacy assessments since the FTC decree from 2011 , as well as the number of apps Facebook audited . The collection took place through an app , `` thisisyourdigitallife , '' that gathered information about both its immediate users and their Facebook friends .
Wyden has given Zuckerberg until April 13th to provide answers .
This is n't the same as a formal investigation , and wo n't necessarily lead to action . Members of Congress have a habit of sending letters whenever they 're concerned about a subject , and only occasionally follow up -- it 's frequently about the public show of concern more than tangible action . This shows that the issue is alarming enough to at least draw attention from Congress , however , and Wyden is on the Senate Intelligence Committee . It wo n't be surprising if this leads to a more substantial investigation , especially in light of concerns about election manipulation .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Giancarlo Stanton hit a three-run homer , CC Sabathia pitched six effective innings , and the New York Yankees beat the Atlanta Braves 6-2 on Wednesday .
Aaron Judge added their 24th homer of the season in the seventh inning . He 's now homered in three of their past four games .
Rookie second baseman Gleyber Torres left the game in the top of the fifth inning because of tightness in their right hip and will be placed on the 10-day disabled list with a right hip strain .
Catcher Kyle Higashioka also homered for the Yankees , becoming the ninth player since 1920 whose first three hits were home runs . Colorado 's Trevor Story homered for their first four big league hits on April 4-6 , 2016 .
Sabathia ( 6-3 ) worked out of a couple of jams for the Yankees , who have won six of their past eight after getting swept in three games at Tampa last weekend .
National League East-leading Atlanta loaded the bases with two outs in the first , but the 37-year-old struck out 20-year-old phenom Ronald Acuna Jr. on an 88 mph cutter .
The Braves have lost their past two games .
New York took a 1-0 lead in the second inning on Greg Bird 's RBI single off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran ( 6-6 ) , who lasted just five innings , allowing five hits and five runs . They walked four and struck out 10 .
The Yankees got to Teheran again in the third .
With a runner on first and two outs , Aaron Hicks walked . Stanton then fell behind 0-2 before hitting a line drive to the right field bleachers for their 21st homer of the season to make it 4-0 .
After retiring the first two batters in the fourth , Teheran fell behind 2-0 against Higashioka before the 30-year-old rookie connected to the left field stands , extending the lead to 5-0 .
The Braves cut the deficit to 5-1 on an RBI grounder from Danny Santana with one out in the fifth . Johan Camargo hit their ninth home run of the season with two outs in the sixth that made it 5-2 . But Sabathia limited the damage by retiring Dansby Swanson on a grounder to second with a runner aboard .
Atlanta failed to take advantage in the seventh inning against reliever Chad Green when its first two batters reached on a pair of singles . Green then got three fly outs to end the threat .
PUT ME IN COACH
With New York set to play 11 games in 10 days , beginning Friday at Toronto , Yankees manager Aaron Boone said they wanted to be `` greedy '' with Thursday being their only day off , and held Austin Romine out of the starting lineup for the fourth consecutive day . Higashioka started for the fourth straight time behind the plate .
The Yankees have been short-handed at catcher since Romine left the game on June 29 against Boston in the seventh inning because of a tight left hamstring . Gary Sanchez has been on the 10-day disabled list since June 25 because of a strained right groin .
GET OUT AND VOTE
New York has one of the best records in baseball but it only has one player , Aaron Judge , among the eight leading vote getters on the American League squad for the All-Star Game that will be played July 17 at Washington . The starters for the Midsummer Classic will be revealed on Sunday .
Boone believes that Judge , the 2017 Home Run Derby champion , will have company to make the trip to the nation 's capital .
`` I mean you look around the league — and I have n't looked at the voting lately — but we were actually talking about guys that might make off our team or guys that are certainly on that conversation and we have a number of those players , '' Boone said . `` Hopefully we 'll be well represented . We certainly have deserving guys . ''
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Braves : 1B Freddie Freeman , who was hit by a pitch in the third inning , left the game after the fourth because of a contusion in their right upper arm .
WELCOME BACK
LHP Luiz Gohara , the No . 3 prospect in the Atlanta organization , arrived about 90 minutes before the first pitch after they were called up from Triple-A Gwinnett for the second time this season . RHP Evan Phillips , who threw 2 1/3 innings Tuesday night , was sent down to Triple-A .
UP NEXT
Braves : Max Fried ( 1-2 , 2.55 ERA ) starts the opener of a four-game series at NL Central-leading Milwaukee on Thursday . Fried struck out 11 over 6 2/3 scoreless innings in their previous start against St. Louis .
Yankees : Sonny Gray ( 5-6 , 5.44 ) gets the nod for the first of three games at Toronto as New York heads out on an 11-game , three city trips . Gray has lost their past two starts , giving up 10 runs and 13 hits in nine innings .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
In the deaths of 11 members of a family in Burari , Delhi Police in its investigation has found that there is not an outsider role . CCTV footage has revealed that family brought stools , wires used in the mass hanging .
Days after a shocking incident reported at the national capital , Delhi police , in its initial probe , has found that there is not an outsider role in deaths of 11 members of a family in Burari . CCTV footage of a camera installed at opposition the house shows a woman of the family bringing stool , which was one of the five stools that were used in the alleged mass suicide , in evening at around 10:00pm and fifteen minutes later , two boys bringing wires used in the hangings . Various media reports pointing towards the initial evidence have speculated that is a mass suicide .
Updating………
For all the latest National News , download NewsX App
Read More
SACRAMENTO , Calif. — Sit-down restaurants in California may soon stop automatically providing disposable plastic straws with drinks unless customers request them .
The state Assembly advanced a bill Wednesday that would require dine-in restaurants provide single-use plastic straws only upon request .
Plastic straws contribute to the buildup of trash in the oceans , a major environmental and public health problem , Assemblyman Ian Calderon said . Fish and whales ingest plastic particulate , which can kill them or cause plastic to enter the human food supply when marine animals that have eaten plastic are consumed by people , they said . The Whittier Democrat described their bill as a “ small step , but in the right direction . ”
Assemblyman Matthew Harper opposed the bill , saying it will make it harder for restaurants to do business in California . The Huntington Beach Republican said instead of passing a law regulating restaurants , the Legislature should impose harsher punishments for people who litter .
Restaurants would be warned for first and second violations and fined $ 25 per day for subsequent violations , with an annual fine limit of $ 300 .
The bill , AB1884 , passed 45-17 . It still requires approval from the state Senate and governor before it can become law .
Transcript for WH : 'There 's still cause for concern ' regarding Trump 's spy claims
Next tonight , President Trump pus forward with their claim that the fbipied on their mpaign , infiltrated the campaign . He 's pro no proof repuan trey Gowdy , a member of the house intelligence committee , who went after Hillary Clinton often , shooting down trump 's allega . The white houses theres still reason to beconcerned , though , and here 's ABC chief White House correspondent jonathanl . Reporter : The president has rned an unfod allegation into a campaign rallying cry . So , W do you like E fact they had people infiltrating our can ? Can you imagine ? Can you imagine ? Reporter : But there is evidencethat.and now , arominent Republican with access to the infor what the fbas doing says there was spyg on the campaign , and Thi did nothing wrong . I am even more convinced that the FBI ditly what my fellow citizens would want them to do they got the information they got . D that it has nothing to do with Donald Trump . Reporter : Trey Gowdy is n't just any Republican . They T investiga into Hillary Clinton and Benghazi . Hea ump supporr , and they were one of a handful of congional leaders to receive a classified briefing last on the'stics during the Russia investigation . Goays they were doing just what prent trump wd them to do . They said , I did n't collude withia , but if anyone connected with my campaign did , I want you investigate it . Reporter : Given what trey Gowdy has said , is the president prepared to retract allegation the FBI was spying on their campaign ? Clearly , here 's still cause for crn that needs to be lo at . Let 's not forghe deputy of thrector of the FBI was actually firor misconduct . The president'ncerned about the matter and we'reng to continue to follow the issue . Reporter : Gowdy was in briefing , they know what was done ands saying these allegatione baseless , there was no sg on the trump campai Certainly , the president feelat there is cause for concern and hope looked at . We 'd like to see this Fu looked into and we'lntinue to follow that matter . Rter : But based on what evidence ? What evidence do they ha Sorry , jonath we'ring to keep moving . Eporter : But tuty FBI director was fired for an entirely unred matter . It 's Nott Gowdy who is calling the spying allegation baseless , so is another outspoken trump defender . Fox nenalyst Andrew napolo . There is no evidence of that atsoever . Let 's get to Jon karl , e at the White House tonight . And prenrump also tweeting H attorney general Jeff sessions suggesting they wish they had picked someone else for the job . We 've this before , Jon , T back at it ? Reporter : That is a harsh condemnation of the president 's own attorney general . Illoutraged that sessions recused themselves from the Russia investigation . Anvid , while it does n't appear the president actually plans to sessions , the two N barely speak to each other anymore .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
EDMONTON — The University of Alberta is standing by its decision to give David Suzuki an honorary degree despite growing criticism .
Earlier this month , the university announced that the longtime environmentalist will be one of 13 people to receive the honour later this spring .
That led to criticism from some professors , donors and alumni — including some in the oil and gas industry — who said they would withdraw donations and partnerships .
University president David Turpin has issued a statement saying the school wo n't change its mind .
They say withdrawing Suzuki 's honorary degree might seem like an easy solution to the controversy .
But Turpin says the university 's reputation is founded on the principles of freedom of inquiry , academic integrity and independence .
Suzuki is to receive the honorary doctor of science degree on June 7 .
TORONTO — A painting by Canadian artist William Kurelek sold in a Toronto auction for $ 472,000 — the second highest on record for the artist and more than double its estimated value of $ 150,000 and $ 200,000 .
Consignor Canadian Fine Art says the 1972 paining , titled “ Hot Day in Kensington Market , ” is one of 21 works in Kurelek 's “ Toronto ” series depicting life in the city where the Alberta-born artist found commercial success and raised a family .
The auction house says a second painting by Kurelek , “ Hauling Hay , ” fetched $ 94,400 .
It says the most surprising result of Tuesday night 's auction was a record set for Canadian artist Charles Comfort , whose piece “ Smokestacks , Copper Cliff ” sold for $ 33,040 , which was six times its estimate of $ 3,000 and $ 5,000 .
The painting is one of several preparatory sketches to the final canvas , “ Smelter Stacks , Copper Cliff , ” which is in the National Gallery of Canada 's permanent collection .
All prices include an 18 per cent buyer 's premium .
Meanwhile , Quebec-born abstractionist Paul-Emile Borduas will headline the Heffel spring sale Wednesday with the 1956 “ Figures schematiques . ”
The auction house says the painting could fetch between $ 3 million and $ 5 million , challenging Borduas 's best price at auction , which was a canvas sold for $ 737,500 in 2015 .
Auction house vice-president Robert Heffel says at roughly 1.3 metres by two metres , the canvas is the largest of Borduas 's black-and-white paintings in private hands .
“ Borduas was one of Canada 's most important postwar contemporary painters , ” Heffel says . “ ( The painting is ) a culmination of their career . ”
The Heffel auction will also feature eight works by the Group of Seven 's Lawren Harris , a portrait by Emily Carr and a Tom Thomson painting that was recently recovered from an Edmonton grandmother 's basement .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday :
Apple Inc. , down 99 cents to $ 166.97
The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple is cutting its first-quarter forecasts for iPhone X sales .
MetLife Inc. , down $ 4.67 to $ 49.73
The insurance company said it discovered problems in its internal financial reports .
Callidus Software Inc. , up $ 3.25 to $ 35.95
The business software company agreed to be bought by SAP for $ 36 a share , or $ 2.53 billion .
Thomson Reuters Corp. , up $ 3.07 to $ 46.52
Reuters reported that the company may sell a majority stake in its financial and risk business to Blackstone Group .
Harley-Davidson Inc. , down $ 4.45 to $ 50.84
The motorcycle maker said shipments will decline again in 2018 and said it plans to close a plant in Kansas City , Missouri .
Express Scripts Inc. , down $ 2.61 to $ 79.31
Shares in health care companies fell after Amazon , JPMorgan Chase and Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway announced plans for a health care venture .
HCA Inc. , up $ 3.83 to $ 101.45
The hospital chain had a better fourth quarter than analysts had expected .
Scotts Miracle-Gro Co. , down $ 15.21 to $ 91.96
The lawn and garden products company had a weak quarter and said its recently acquired Hawthorne business is struggling .
Leadership for Growth is the theme of GFSI 's 16th Global Food Safety Conference in Houston on February 27-March 2 . Demonstrating that “ food safety must come from the top ” in a vibrant company food safety culture , seven CEOs of today 's food industry heavyweights are set to take the stage at this year 's global food safety event .
The following are lined up to speak on the role of food safety leadership through the Global Food Safety Initiative : Dave MacLennan , CEO , Cargill ; Emmanuel Faber , CEO , Danone ; Doug Baker , CEO , Ecolab ; John P. Bilbrey , CEO , The Hershey Company ; Irene Rosenfeld , CEO , Mondeléz ; Tom Hayes , incoming CEO , Tyson Foods ; and Danny Wegman , CEO , Wegman Foods .
With the vast amount of change seen in 2016 , from new globally-relevant regulations such as Food Safety Modernization Act to the release of several revised scheme standards , the annual conference will focus on the need to cultivate the industry 's own leaders during this ever-changing food safety landscape and help them become effective leaders for the future .
The 2017 conference will highlight how GFSI serves as a driver to the food safety ecosystem and how companies can leverage GFSI for growth , no matter where in the supply chain they operate . In addition , over 40 exhibitors from all over the world will share the latest developments and features in the area of food safety .
Event coordinators are expecting record attendance with more than 1,100 delegates from over 50 countries at this year 's conference in Houston .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Authorities say an anthropologist will perform an autopsy on a severely decomposed body found inside a parked car in Detroit .
Wayne County Medical Examiner 's Office spokesperson Lloyd Jackson says a Michigan State University anthropologist will conduct the autopsy Tuesday . Jackson said Monday that medical examiners concluded an anthropologist must determine the gender , age , timing of death , and perhaps how the person died .
Police say a prospective home buyer discovered the body Thursday in the garage . Jackson says the dark , leathery bones were covered in a sweater , shirt and pants .
Officer Dan Donakowski has said tenants told police they never entered the garage because the landlord prohibited it . Donakowski said Monday that nobody has been detained and they do n't know if police talked to the landlord or person selling the property .
———
Information from : Detroit Free Press , http : //www.freep.com
( AP Photo/Keith Srakocic , File ) . FILE- This Feb. 23 , 2017 , file photo shows a delivery van is painted with artwork for Classic Coca-Cola in downtown Pittsburgh . Coca-Cola Co. reports earnings Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Diet Coke 's makeover , which put the sugar-free drink in skinny colorful cans , helped the low-calorie brand sell more soda in North America for the first time in nearly eight years .
Coca-Cola Co. introduced four new flavors of Diet Coke in February , including mango and ginger lime , to try and lure back customers who switched to other flavored fizzy water and other low-calorie drinks . The Atlanta-based company also redesigned the 35-year-old drink 's logo .
CEO James Quincey said the relaunch was able to bring back people who stopped drinking Diet Coke , as well as attract new drinkers , such as millennials .
Its other diet drink , Coca-Cola Zero Sugar , also posted growth after a relaunch last year that replaced Coca-Cola Zero .
Overall volume rose 3 percent in the first three months of the year , helped by its namesake Coca-Cola brand .
The company has also been selling its bottling business to focus on selling concentrates of its drinks . The move helped Coca-Cola 's profit rise 16 percent to $ 1.37 billion , or 32 cents per share . Adjusted earnings came to 47 cents per share , beating Wall Street 's per-share expectations by a penny .
Revenue fell 16 percent to $ 7.63 billion during the quarter , mainly because of the shedding of its bottling operations , which cuts costs , but lowers revenue . The numbers still topped Wall Street expectations .
Coca-Cola 's stock slipped 2 percent to $ 43.08 on Tuesday .
_____
Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights ( http : //automatedinsights.com/ap ) using data from Zacks Investment Research . Access a Zacks stock report on KO at https : //www.zacks.com/ap/KO
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
How Bukola Saraki allegedly bribed CCT Chairman with $ 2million to dismiss damaging Assets Declaration charges
To obtain the dismissal of the charges they faced at the Code of Conduct Tribunal , Senate President Bukola Saraki allegedly paid heavily in cash , and in kind . According to a report by SaharaReporters , the cash payment , a whopping $ 2million , went to CCT Chairman , Danladi Umar . Read their report below : The kind was a promise to [ … ]
The post How Bukola Saraki allegedly bribed CCT Chairman with $ 2million to dismiss damaging Assets Declaration charges appeared first on Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico — Generators are still humming . Candles are still flickering . Homes are still being repaired .
Puerto Rico was hit by Hurricane Maria exactly six months ago , and the U.S. territory is still struggling to recover from the strongest storm to hit the island in nearly a century .
“ There are a lot of people with needs , ” said Levid Ortiz , operating director of PR4PR , a local non-profit that helps impoverished communities across the island . “ It should n't be like this . We should already be back on our feet . ”
Some 250 Puerto Ricans formed a line around them on a recent weekday , standing for more than two hours to receive bottles of water and a box of food at a public basketball court in the mountain town of Corozal . Many of those waiting were still without power , including 23-year-old Keishla Quiles , a single mother with a 4-year-old son who still buys ice every day to fill a cooler to keep milk and other goods cold amid rising temperatures .
“ Since we 're a family of few resources , we have not been able to afford a generator , ” they said . “ It 's been hard living like this . ”
Crews already have restored water to 99 per cent of clients and power to 93 per cent of customers , but more than 100,000 of them still remain in the dark . Justo Gonzalez , interim director for Puerto Rico 's Electric Power Authority , said they expect the entire island to have power by May , eight months after the Category 4 storm destroyed two-thirds of the island 's power distribution system — and just as the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season is about to start .
Gonzalez also pledged to inspect dozens of wooden and cement poles still leaning haphazardly across the island after a wooden telephone pole fell on a car . It killed an elderly couple on Sunday as they returned from a town fair in the mountains of western Puerto Rico . The deaths of Luis Beltran , 62 , and Rosa Bosque , 60 , have angered Puerto Ricans and raised concerns about the safety of people as they recover from the hurricane .
“ It worries me because … it can happen anywhere , ” Mayor Edwin Soto told The Associated Press , adding that crews were going to inspect poles across the mountain town of Las Marias to ensure they are in good condition .
Beltran 's youngest sister , Migdalia Beltran , said their brother was living in New Jersey when Hurricane Maria hit , but that they moved back three months ago to be with family .
“ He was No . 1 , ” they said as their voice cracked and they began to cry . “ He was the one who gave me support to keep going . ”
The storm caused an estimated $ 100 billion in damage , killed dozens of people and damaged or destroyed nearly 400,000 homes , according to Puerto Rico 's government .
In the six months since the hurricane , more than 135,000 people have fled to the U.S. mainland , according to a recent estimate by the Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York .
More than 40 per cent of them settled in Florida , followed by Massachusetts , Connecticut , New York and Pennsylvania , the study found .
Meanwhile , those who stayed behind say they need more help .
The AP recently found that of the $ 23 billion pledged for Puerto Rico , only $ 1.27 billion for a nutritional assistance program has been disbursed , along with more than $ 430 million to repair public infrastructure . The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Administration also has spent more than $ 6 billion from its standing emergency fund .
Meanwhile , the U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources issued a letter on Friday demanding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers explain why it is reducing the number of crews helping restore power when there are still people who remain in the dark .
“ While we recognize that much progress has been made in restoring power to the majority of customers , the job is not done , ” the letter stated .
COLUMBUS , Ohio — In a season of broken records and firsts for the Columbus Blue Jackets , one of the most important eluded them again : winning a playoff series .
The Blue Jackets ' promising season fizzled out in Game 6 of their opening-round series against the Washington Capitals . They were stunning at times — like in the first two games , both won in OT — but glaringly not good enough the rest of the way . Columbus ' power play went to sleep , and the Capitals took four in a row , capping it with a 6-3 victory Monday night .
Blue Jackets goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky made some acrobatic saves throughout the series , but they also allowed a goal or two they should have knocked down .
`` We did not make big plays , '' coach John Tortorella said . `` At times , we did n't get a big save . That goes right on through the team . I 'm not just saying ( Bobrovsky ) , but the whole team . That 's why you 're out in six . It 's tough in the playoffs . We have a number of things we need to get better at , as individuals and as a team . ''
There are reasons to be optimistic about the future of this young team . It battled through slumps and myriad injuries to key players , climbing back in the Metropolitan Division race with a 10-game winning streak . It played its grittiest hockey in February and March and emerged as a wild card from a mix of teams that all came on strong to finish .
`` I 'm so proud to lead this team , but I just want to see something good happen for our team , '' said captain Nick Foligno , who scored two goals on Monday . `` I want us to realize the potential we have in here , and I want it to happen now . ''
RECORDS AND FIRSTS
Columbus traded last off-season for forward Artemi Panarin , who became the star the team had hoped they would be . They broke Rick Nash 's franchise record for points with 82 ( 27 goals , 55 assists ) .
They were great in the first three games of the playoffs but went quiet as Washington figured out how to pressure him .
The Blue Jackets sorely need another guy performing at Panarin 's level . That could turn out to be Pierre Luc-Dubois , who broke franchise rookie records this season for goals and points ( 20-28-48 ) . They centred the top line next to Panarin , and Tortorella said the playoffs contributed to their growth .
BRENTWOOD , Mo . — Around 400 students at a suburban St. Louis school got part of the day off Friday after a 9-foot-long boa constrictor wriggled out of their aquarium , setting off a frantic search .
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that a teacher alerted officials at Brentwood high and middle schools of the escape around 10 a.m . The 70-pound snake went missing from an enclosure in a biology class . Students were sent home a short time later .
A broken hinge on the enclosure was blamed on the escape . The snake was found beneath the floor , wrapped around pipes . The ceramic floor was ripped up to retrieve them
A biology teacher adopted the snake years ago and kept them at school . When they retired they left the snake for the school to keep .
——
Information from : St. Louis Post-Dispatch , http : //www.stltoday.com
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
They 've seized fentanyl , speed , marijuana , other opioids and large shipments of alcohol , Gull said .
The community has been demanding action since the 2015 suicide crisis , Gull said , and drugs were part of the problem .
`` The drug dealers are n't hiding anymore , people just line up to get them , like getting coffee at Tim Hortons , '' Gull said .
Since it 's a small community with about 1,500 people , Gull said they know the alleged dealers . So they just goes to their house , grabs the drugs and gives it to police .
`` We need help , we want the government to step in and do something to help us instead of watching us from the sideline , '' they said .
A few weeks ago , Gull met with Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale , who told them to apply for funding that is available to help .
A spokesperson for Goodale said they are aware of the challenges Attawapiskat faces and noted the federal government is investing $ 291.2 million over five years in a First Nations policing program .
`` These investments include increased and ongoing funding for ( program ) recipients to support priorities such as additional officer positions , officer safety , policing equipment and salaries , '' said Scott Bardsley .
They said the force for the region , Nishnawbe Aski police , recently finished a three-year deal through the program , which `` will strengthen policing in Attawapiskat and bolster its response to these challenges . ''
They said there is money available for crime prevention projects and for initiatives to reduce gang and gun violence .
`` This funding would include a portion provided to Indigenous organizations to help build capacity through education , outreach and research , addressing the unique needs of Indigenous communities and urban populations , '' Bardsley said .
Nishnawbe Aski police Sgt . Jackie George said the chief 's approach is common in northern First Nation communities .
Airport screenings are particularly effective at keeping drugs out of fly-in communities , they said .
`` It keeps people from trafficking contraband into the communities because they know they 're going to be searched , '' they said .
Last November , the Mushkegowuk Council , a regional organization that represents northern First Nations that includes Attawapiskat , declared a state of emergency on illegal drugs and alcohol .
`` This pandemic has reached serious levels where it 's clearly destroying our people and communities , '' said Grand Chief Jonathon Solomon at the time .
Chief Gull said they are considering buying a drug-sniffing dog to help .
`` We ca n't just sit around and wait for somebody to do it for us , we have to do it ourselves , '' they said .
By Liam Casey , The Canadian Press
Parts of indictment against former Energy Minister Gonen Segev released , detailing charges of spying for Iran .
The Jerusalem District Court on Wednesday released information from the censored indictment filed against former Energy Minister Gonen Segev , who was arrested in May for spying for Iran .
In the wake of a petition filed by the Walla website , Attorney Asher Halperin was informed that Segev was charged with dozens of counts of providing information to the enemy .
The connection between Segev and their operators had continued for six consecutive years - since it was first formed in 2012 . Segev 's trial will begin in the Jerusalem District Court tomorrow .
`` The defendant was asked to collect information of various kinds and to act to advance various matters , '' the indictment states .
`` Among other things , the defendant acted on the following matters : In their actions described above , the defendant acted as an intelligence agent of Iran , and in the course of their activities they carried out many actions that would assist Iran in its war against Israel . ''
NEW YORK — U.S. stocks faded a bit from their record highs in early trading Friday , and the Standard & Poor 's 500 index was on pace to snap its longest winning streak in four years . Treasury yields climbed after the government 's monthly jobs report showed wages rose more than expected last month , which should keep the Federal Reserve on pace to continue raising interest rates .
The jobs report , often the most anticipated economic data of each month , was unusually difficult to parse after damage from recent hurricanes affected hiring from Texas to Florida , economists say .
KEEPING SCORE : The Standard & Poor 's 500 index fell nearly 3 points , or 0.1 per cent , to 2,549 , as of 10:00 a.m. Eastern time . If it stays there , it would be the first loss for the index in nine days .
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 8 , or less than 0.1 per cent , to 22,767 , and the Nasdaq composite was close to flat at 6,586 . All three indexes closed at records on Thursday .
WASHOUT JOBS REPORT : Employers cut more jobs last month than they added , the first time that 's happened in seven years . It 's a sharp turnaround from earlier this year , when the strengthening job market was encouraging investors to push stocks higher and higher .
Economists had been warning of a particularly weak figure and cautioned not to take too much away from the report . Hurricanes Harvey and Irma meant the closure of thousands of businesses , and drops in employment at restaurants and bars were a big driver of last month 's decline .
Other recent economic data have been more encouraging , including particularly strong reports on the nation 's manufacturing and services sectors earlier this week .
Friday 's jobs report contained some encouraging signs . Average hourly wages jumped 2.9 per cent from a year earlier , more than economists expected . Some of that may be due to how many lower-wage jobs were lost following the hurricanes , but the government also revised up its figure for wage growth in August .
YIELDS RISE : Stronger wage growth could push up inflation and keep the Federal Reserve on its course to slowly raise interest rates off their record lows .
The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.39 per cent from 2.35 per cent late Thursday and touched its highest level since May .
The two-year yield climbed to 1.52 per cent from 1.49 per cent , and the 30-year yield rose to 2.94 per cent from 2.89 per cent .
FINANCIALS UP : Banks benefit from higher interest rates because they can mean bigger profits from making loans . Financial stocks in the S & P 500 rose 0.3 per cent .
DIVIDENDS DOWN : Higher interest rates make bonds more attractive to investors looking for income , and that undercuts demand for stocks that pay relatively big dividends .
Telecom stocks in the S & P 500 fell 1.6 per cent , by far the largest drop among the 11 sectors that make up the index . Other traditional dividend payers were also weak . Real estate stocks fell 0.9 per cent , and utilities dropped 0.6 per cent .
WAREHOUSE WEAKNESS : Costco Wholesale fell the most in the S & P 500 despite reporting stronger earnings for the latest quarter than expected . Analysts pointed to a slight drop in its membership renewal rates , among other factors .
Costco lost $ 9.11 , or 5.5 per cent , to $ 157.98 .
COMMODITIES : Higher interest rates tend to mean less demand for gold , and the metal 's price dropped $ 9.30 to $ 1,263.90 per ounce .
Silver fell 24 cents to $ 16.40 per ounce , and copper lost 2 cents to $ 3.03 per pound .
Benchmark U.S. crude sank $ 1.41 , or 2.8 per cent , to $ 49.38 per barrel . Brent crude , the international standard , lost $ 1.09 to $ 55.91 per barrel .
MARKETS OVERSEAS : The FTSE 100 in London rose 0.1 per cent , France 's CAC 40 fell 0.3 per cent and Germany 's DAX was close to flat .
Japan 's Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 per cent , and the Hang Seng in Hong Kong added 0.3 per cent .
CURRENCIES : The dollar rose to 113.38 Japanese yen from 112.85 yen late Thursday . The euro fell to $ 1.1696 from $ 1.1708 , and the British pound fell to $ 1.3035 from $ 1.3116 .
Edo : National Housing Programme creates 3,000 jobs
The ongoing National Housing Programme ( NHP ) by the Federal Government in Benin , Edo , has generated over 3,000 employments and empowerment to Nigerians within the locality .
Mrs Ebemeata Ani-Otoibhi , the Team Leader , NHP , Edo , made this known on Tuesday in Benin while briefing newsmen after the inspection of the project .
Ani-Otoibhi said that the ongoing project with about 12 different contractors has attained 80 per cent completion .
The newsmen report that the inspection was part of the South-South Zone media inspection organised by the Ministry Power , Works and Housing .
The 64-unit housing project is located at Idumwen-Ehigie , along Benin-Auchi road in Uhunmwode Local Government Area of the state .
“ Since the inception of the project , more than 3,000 skilled and unskilled workers , including contractors , artisans , building materials suppliers , block moulders ; food vendors and security guards have been employed .
“ These people have impacted positively on the lives of the people and this is one of the objectives of the project .
“ So , the objectives are to address and improve socio-economic conditions through employment generation , poverty alleviation and empowerment of people within the locality , '' they said .
Ani-Otoibhi noted that the project , which started in March 2017 , would finally be completed by June 2018 .
They added that the project has also increased commercial activities in the state as well as enhancing development in the location .
“ We have some security challenges arising from community issues but we have not experienced theft because we employed day and night security guard in the site . ''
The road contractor , Mr James Okafor said that the company has been able to clear the soil and would be filling the soil immediately after evacuation .
“ The project has impacted on me positively because I have been able to foot my bills , take care of my family .
“ The project has also helped me to settle some other financial challenges , which I was not able to do before the commencement of the project .
“ More than 10 people are working under our company and we intend to employ more people . We have surveyors , engineers among others working with us .
Okafor noted that non mobilisation of fund was one of the challenges facing the company presently .
They appealed to the government to release more fund for the project as soon possible to enable them meet the deadline for the completion of the project .
Read Also : Edo APC caucus endorses Oshiomhole for post of National Chairman
“ One thing is to award a project ; the second thing is the supervision while thirdly is the completion of the project .
“ The government should do the needful by following up the project and releasing money as and when due , '' they said .
Meanwhile , a food vendor at the site , Mrs Regina Ibe commended the Federal Government for creating means of livelihood for some of them through the project .
“ I make between N27 , 000 to N35 , 000 daily from this place . The money I generate has helped me to take care of my children education and I have also bought a land for my family to build our own house .
The newsmen report that installation of 500KVA transformer and supply of electricity by Messrs Rosco Progenitors Synergies Ltd. is also on course .
The purpose of the media inspection is basically to access the level of progress made on the project in the South-South Zone and to access the level of infrastructure to complement the housing units .
Also , the media inspection was to access the economic impact made by the programme to the Growth of Domestic Product ( GDP ) in the country .
NAN
The post Edo : National Housing Programme creates 3,000 jobs appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BERLIN ( AP ) — German authorities say Spanish police have arrested a suspect in the killing of a woman in Berlin in May .
Berlin prosecutors said Wednesday that the 38-year-old man was arrested a day earlier and their extradition to Germany is being sought
The 30-year-old victim , Melanie Rehberger , was found dead in a park next to a railway line in the north of Berlin on May 27 , two days after going missing during a work break .
Prosecutors said the suspect , who had been living in Berlin but did n't have a fixed address , fled the country after the killing . The man was n't identified by name .
Prosecutors said evidence found at the crime scene was clearly matched to the arrested suspect .
Kidnappers of Kogi monarch want N20m
By Boluwaji Obahopo
LOKOJA—The gunmen that abducted the paramount ruler of Ajaokuta , Ohi of Ajaokuta in Kogi State , Musa Achuja , has reportedly demanded for N20 million ransom before the release of the Second Class king .
Vanguard gathered that the traditional ruler was on their way home from Lokoja on Saturday December 31 , 2016 , when they were abducted along the Lokoja-Ajaokuta Road by unknown gunmen .
A family source revealed that the Ohi 's driver and one of their aides , who were travelling with him , escaped by the whiskers .
They added that the abductors have contacted the family and demanded for N20 million ransom
However , the Public Relations Officer of the Kogi Police Command , Mr Williams Aya , said the incident was yet to be reported to the command .
They assured that police will spring into action to ensure rescue of the abducted traditional ruler once the command is briefed on the details of the incident .
The post Kidnappers of Kogi monarch want N20m appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
10:58 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4 , 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4 , 5777 , 02/01/17 Car bomb in Baghdad during Hollande visit At least 10 killed , 35 were wounded by a car bomb in Sadr City , Baghdad , as France President Hollande visits French troops helping to fight ISIS in Iraq .
► ◄ Last Briefs
Buhari backs Oshiomhole for APC national chairperson
24 governors support President 's second term bid , says Okorocha
Former Edo State Governor Adams Oshiomhole looks set to become the next national chairperson of the the Progressives Congress ( APC ) , with the majority of the governors elected on the platform of the ruling party backing him .
At a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari at the Aso Villa last night , the governors , led by Progressives Governors Forum Chairman Rochas Okorocha , proposed to the President their interest in the former labour leader .
Sources at the meeting said the President did not object to the request .
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo , Secretary to the Government of the Federation ( SGF ) Boss Mustapha and Chief of Staff to the President Abba Kyari also attended the meeting .
Seventeen governors attended . Two were represented by their deputies .
Seven governors : Rotimi Akeredolu ( Ondo ) , Rauf Aregbesola ( Osun ) , Akinwunmi Ambode ( Lagos ) , Ibrahim Gaidam ( Yobe ) , Mohammed Abubakar ( Bauchi ) , Abubakar Badaru ( Jigawa ) and Aminu Tambuwal ( Sokoto ) , were absent .
The issue and the endorsement of the President for second term by the governors were the only isues discussed at the meeting held at the First Lady 's Conferemce Room , sources said .
The party 's national convention to pick members of the National Working Committee ( NWC ) will hold in Abuja on May 14 .
After the meeting , Okorcha said all the 24 APC governors were backing President Buhari 's second term bid .
The President at the last APC National Executive Committee ( NEC ) meeting , declared their intention to seek another term .
Okorocha said governors communicated their support for the President 's reelection .
They said : “ We came to welcome them back and to commend them for their boldness and courage to declare their intention to run for second term as President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria , which we the 24 governors of the APC duly support .
” And we have come to encourage them that they must go ahead with their vision , ” they added .
According to him , the meeting also addressed the coming convention and congresses to make it hitch-free .
” We also agreed that we will not allow the issue of many contestants to destroy our party. ” they said .
Asked if Oshiomhole 's endorsement came up , Okorocha said the public would be “ duly briefed in due course ” .
The post Buhari backs Oshiomhole for APC national chairperson appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Abounce Shows Yvonne Jegede 's Backside In New Photos
Yvonne Jegede 's husband , Olakunle ‘ Abounce ' Fawole took to their social media page to show us their legally owned property ! They shared the photos and wrote ; “ The Bonnie to my Clyde , the choco to my chocolate , my padi of life , gbegbeti you know nah “ . See more photos below . Source : Instagram
The post Abounce Shows Yvonne Jegede 's Backside In New Photos appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Dino Melaye : Senator unresponsive while being stretchered into hospital [ VIDEO ]
A viral video has shown the moment Senator representing Kogi West at the National Assembly , Dino Melaye was stretchered into a hospital in Abuja . The Senator had attempted to escape from the police while being transfered from Abuja to Kogi State to be paraded . Following the development , the lawmaker injured themselves and was taken to [ … ]
Dino Melaye : Senator unresponsive while being stretchered into hospital [ VIDEO ]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
( WFLA ) – It 's time for another exciting week of Friday Night Blitz ! News Channel 8 Sports has all your highlights in the video above and this week 's scores are posted below .
Bloomingdale ( 45 ) – Strawberry Crest ( 0 )
Armwood ( 48 ) – Plant City ( 7 )
Avon Park ( 41 ) – Fort Mead ( 7 )
Hardee ( 47 ) – Bartow ( 0 )
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
A Concord woman died in a hit-and-run collision Sunday afternoon in Laytonville in unincorporated Mendocino County , California Highway Patrol officials said.The 54-year-old woman was in a 1965 Ford Falcon traveling south on U.S. Highway 101 at 12:28 p.m. when a 2011 Ford Explorer Sport Trac traveling north veered into the southbound lanes , according to the CHP.CHP officials said the front of the Ford Falcon collided with the right side of the Ford Explorer , killing the Concord woman.The driver of the Ford Falcon , a 46-year-old Concord man , suffered major injuries and was taken first to Howard Memorial Hospital in Willits and then flown to Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital.According to the CHP , the driver of the Ford Explorer fled from the scene and is still at large . They are described as a Hispanic man in their 30s who is 5 feet 10 inches tall and 215 pounds with a stocky build and short black hair and brown eyes.He was wearing a dark-colored shirt and camouflage shorts . CHP officials said that right after the collision , they were last seen walking north on Highway 101.The collision remains under investigation . The name of the woman who died was not immediately available from the Mendocino County coroner 's office.Anyone with information about the driver or their whereabouts is asked to call the CHP 24 hours a day at ( 707 ) 268-2000 or during business hours at ( 707 ) 923-2155 .
A young group of Harlequins gymnasts picked up more medals for their collections at the Recreational and Advanced Competition in near-by Luton .
For some of the competitors , it was the first time some of them were competing away from their home gym , making their performances all the more impressive .
In the Age 10/11 category – Atrin Amin picked up wins on the bars and on the vault to come third overall .
Amber Cook came sixth overall after getting bronze on the vault .
Amy Faulkner came second on the beam on their way to fourth overall .
Gabrielle King took gold on the floor , silver on the bar and third on the beam to take overall victory .
Katy Miles scored 39.05 to come seventh .
Caoilfhinn Todd got gold on the beam and bronze on bars and vault to come second .
In the Age 12/13 Category – Emily Gordon came 3rd on bar and vault to come fifth .
Charlotte Roan came first on bars and second on the on their way to third overall .
Freya Robinson picked up gold on the floor and silver on the beam to come second .
Elizabeth Sanders picked up three bronzes on bars , floor and vault but came fourth overall .
Ellie-mae Smith picked ip gold on beam and vault , and silver on the bars to win overall .
The second competition of the day was for the gymnasts that train for between three to four hours a week .
In the Age 9 group , Emma Hallett who took gold on the floor and third on the beam to come second overall .
In the Age 11 group , Danielle Daglish won gold on the floor and silver on the vault and came fifth overall in a very tough group .
In the Age 12/13 group , Millie Frost-Dicker came second on bars , seventh on beam , eighth on the floor , and fourth on vault , scoring 41.75 to come an impressive second overall in another tough group .
The Oak Ridge Recreation and Parks Department will be conducting turf maintenance at Big Turtle Dog Park in west Oak Ridge starting in early March . The dog park will remain open to the public during the project .
Big Turtle Dog Park is at 2525 Oak Ridge Turnpike .
During the maintenance project , areas of turf being renovated will be closed off with orange construction fencing . The fence will be removed once the new grass has become established .
Recreation and Parks Department staff asked park users and their pets to stay out of the fenced areas while turf renovation is taking place . They also asked that park users exercise caution while staff and equipment are on site performing work .
Any questions regarding this maintenance project should be directed to the Recreation and Parks Department at ( 865 ) 425-3450 .
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — The subway was attacked during rush hour by an apparent suicide bomber .
The alleged attacker has been identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah .
Six people , including Ullah , were injured in the blast .
Investigators said the bomb was poorly constructed , and failed to properly detonate .
They have the remnants of the device , which includes some type of Christmas light that may have been used as an electrical component .
Governor Cuomo said security has been boosted at high profile locations statewide , and investigators have been sent to Ullah 's Brooklyn home .
The FBI and NYPD bomb squad were on the scene as early as 8:30 a.m. looking for any information as to what may have motivated him .
The home is on East 48th Street in the Flatlands section of Brooklyn . A quiet , tight-knit community where neighbors said the only problem they ever had with the suspect 's family was over a parking spot .
Neighbors said Ullah lived in the basement of the brick multi-family home near Avenue N for at least the last 5 years . They said their mother , father , and brother — who has their own wife and child –lived in the unit upstairs .
Ross Fiallace said they saw cops speaking with the family Monday morning .
“ They just pulled the whole family out of the house for questioning . They just quietly , no emotion , just out into the car and that 's it , ” they said .
A few hours before Ullah 's alleged pipe bomb attack near the bus terminal , neighbor Kisslyn Joseph said they heard someone pacing outside , swearing on the phone .
“ It was a heated argument , it was 2 o'clock , 3 o'clock in the morning , ” they said .
Cops said Ullah is from Bangladesh and came to the U.S. in 2011 on an immigrant visa . They eventually became a permanent resident .
Neighbor Alan Butrico said they were a for hire driver and drove a black sedan that constantly blocked their driveway .
“ He was nasty . We told them to move the car , it felt like they owned it , ” they said .
Others said they were a loner , who rarely said hello .
“ Not , not him , but the rest of the family , yes , ” George Sciarrone said .
None of the behavior lead anyone to believe they lived next to an alleged terrorist .
“ Just because we had an argument , I would n't think that . You never know who your neighbor is , it 's crazy , ” Butrico said .
The Mail & Guardian Says Cyril Ramaphosa Has Butchered Their Chances Of Ever Being President
Most South Africans are at the point where they would take almost anyone at the helm , as long as it meant a break from a certain Jacob Zuma .
Of course with Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma waiting in the wings it might be a smooth handover for JZ , given that their ex-wife seems willing to serve the same interests that have seen Jacob become public enemy number one .
With that in mind , over at the Mail & Guardian they seem to think Cyril Ramaphosa has ruined their chances of restoring the ANC to its former glory , thanks in large part to their back-pedalling over the cabinet reshuffle :
…some in the tripartite alliance between the ANC , the South African Communist Party ( SACP ) and union federation Cosatu say Ramaphosa may have missed a golden opportunity to distinguish themselves as an alternative leader , capable of taking the ANC out of the mess it finds itself in… Some in the ANC believe that if Ramaphosa stood firm on the principled stance they took against Zuma , this could influence the outcome of the upcoming motion of no confidence in Parliament , because many ANC MPs were prepared to follow in Ramaphosa 's footsteps and act in the interests of South Africans , instead of the party . Even to some of their supporters , Ramaphosa 's latest silence now seems to indicate they do not to have the same influence that Zuma has . If Ramaphosa is unable to lead an internal revolt against the president , it will probably cast a shadow of doubt on their suitability as a presidential candidate . Ramaphosa needs the support of leaders such as Mantashe and Mkhize as insiders who could push their messages against Zuma out to the branches . But these leaders have now been cowed , accepting calls for unity by the ANC 's national working committee , and the deputy president has been left stranded .
It 's an even less promising picture over on News24 , where political analyst Ralph Mathekga rather pointedly says “ Ramaphosa 's campaign is doomed ” .
…Ramaphosa is fighting for their political life and they are fighting as an outsider , while Dlamini-Zuma is fighting as an insider who is enjoying support from within ANC structures such as the Youth , Veteran 's and Women 's leagues . Despite having been out of the country for a while , Dlamini-Zuma [ below ] is showing Ramaphosa that they are only a caretaker deputy president who will be shown the door very soon…
Those who support Ramaphosa 's campaign within the ANC would have to contend with the reality of wasting their votes on a candidate who is appearing increasingly out of touch with what it takes to win against the Zumas . As for Ramaphosa himself , they have to decide whether they will continue with an already doomed campaign , or declare defeat and leave the space for a stronger candidate to emerge… If they stubbornly go ahead and loses against Dlamini-Zuma in December , Ramaphosa would have to take full responsibility for another decade of the Zuma 's in office . The ANC and the country deserve a better alternative and Ramaphosa has to quickly decide whether or not they are up the task .
If those inside the ANC who cared for the interest of the party – and the people it serves – would take a stand , perhaps there would be hope for an organisation that has strayed so far from the ideals it once held dear .
Then again just imagine , for a second , another 10 years of a Zuma at the helm .
Frightening , is n't it ?
[ sources : mg & news24 ]
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mesut Ozil inists Arsenal are ready to face Bayern Munich
Arsenal playmaker Mesut Ozil has taken to Twitter to insist that they and their team-mates are ready for tomorrow 's Champions League clash with Bayern Munich .
Ozil is heading back to their homeland for Wednesday 's last-16 first leg with the Bundesliga champions .
Sharing a photo of today 's training session before the flight to Germany , Ozil said it was “ next stop Munich ” . Their hashtags accompanying the picture said “ # WeAreReady ” and “ # Focus ” .
Ozil will hope to have convinced manager Arsene Wenger that they are ready for the game . Media reports have suggested they might be dropped .
Al-Qaida-linked fighters on Friday attacked a key central Syrian village at the crossroads between areas under government control and those controlled by insurgent groups , opposition activists said .
In eastern Syria , meanwhile , 15 civilians , including children , were killed when a missile slammed into a government-held neighborhood in the city of Deir el-Zour on Thursday evening .
The attack on the village of Abu Dali in central Hama province was led by al-Qaida-linked Hay'at Tahrir al Sham — Arabic for Levant Liberation Committee and also known as HTS . It came two weeks after insurgents attacked a nearby area where three Russian soldiers were wounded .
Earlier this week , Russia 's military claimed the leader of the al-Qaida-linked group was wounded in a Russian airstrike and had fallen into a coma . The military offered no evidence on the purported condition of Abu Mohammed al-Golani .
The al-Qaida-linked group subsequently denied al-Golani was hurt , insisting they are in excellent health and going about their duties as usual .
Al-Qaida-linked fighters have been gaining more influence in the northwestern province of Idlib and northern parts of Hama province where they have launched attacks on rival militant groups , as well as areas controlled by the government .
The village of Abu Dali had been spared much of the violence and had functioned as a local business hub between rebel-run areas and those under President Bashar Assad 's forces .
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said al-Qaida fighters captured several village tribesmen following the attack in the early hours of Friday . The HTS-linked Ibaa news agency did not mention the attack but said Russian warplanes were bombing areas the group controls in northern Syria .
Violence in eastern Syria has escalated significantly in recent weeks as Syrian troops with the help of Russian air cover are closing in on Mayadeen , a new Islamic State group stronghold after IS came under attacks in the cities of Raqqa and Deir el-Zour .
The government-controlled Syrian Central Military Media said troops are marching south from Deir el-Zour toward Mayadeen under the cover of airstrikes .
The DeirEzzor 24 monitoring group said the missile in the airstrike on Thursday evening that killed 15 had hit near a school in the Qusour neighborhood . Three children and three women were among those killed , the group said Friday , blaming IS for the attack . The school and a nearby residential building were destroyed .
The Observatory also reported the incident , putting the number of civilians killed at 13 . Both the Observatory and DeirEzzor 24 also reported that an airstrike hit the village of Mehkan , just south of Mayadeen , and said it killed several families .
Syrian troops have broken a nearly three-year siege on parts of Deir el-Zour last month and are fighting to liberate from IS remaining parts of the city .
In Russia , the military said one of its helicopters had made an emergency landing in Syria , but its crew was unhurt .
According to the Defense Ministry , the Mi-28 helicopter gunship landed in Hama province on Friday due to a technical malfunction . The two crewmen were not injured and were flown back to base . The ministry said the helicopter was not fired upon .
The ministry 's statement followed a claim by IS-linked Aamaq news agency , which said that a Russian helicopter was downed south of Shiekh Hilal village in Hama .
Also on Friday , the Russian military accused the United States of turning a blind eye and effectively providing cover to the Islamic State group 's operations in an area in Syria that is under U.S. control .
The Defense Ministry 's spokesperson , Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov , said IS militants have used the area around the town of Tanf near Syria 's border with Jordan — where U.S. military instructors are also stationed — to launch attacks against the Syrian army .
The area has become a `` black hole , '' posing a threat to Syrian army 's offensive against the IS in eastern Der el-Zour province , they added .
The Russian accusations likely reflect rising tensions as U.S.-backed Syrian forces and the Russian-backed Syrian army — both of which are battling IS — race for control of oil and gas-rich areas of eastern Syria .
———
Associated Press writer Vladimir Isachenkov in Moscow contributed to this report .
Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills fell slightly in Monday 's auction .
The Treasury Department auctioned $ 39 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 0.820 percent , down from 0.825 percent last week . Another $ 33 billion in six-month bills was auctioned at a discount rate of 0.945 percent , down from 0.950 percent last week . The rates last week were the highest in more than eight years .
The discount rates reflect that the bills sell for less than face value . For a $ 10,000 bill , the three-month price was $ 9,979.27 , while a six-month bill sold for $ 9,952.23 . That would equal an annualized rate of 0.833 percent for the three-month bills and 0.963 percent for the six-month bills .
Separately , the Federal Reserve said Monday that the average yield for one-year Treasury bills , a popular index for making changes in adjustable-rate mortgages , fell to 1.03 percent Thursday from 1.07 percent at the beginning of the week on April 10 .
UI withdraws 408 students for poor performance
No fewer than 408 students of the University of Ibadan have been asked to withdraw from the Premier University for failure to meet the minimum academic requirements to stay in the University .
The Senate of the University has ratified the withdrawal at its meeting where results of graduating and non-graduating students were considered and approved .
Investigations revealed that three-quarter of those asked to leave the university were those in 100 level who were admitted into the university without writing the Post-UTME screening examinations .
The University of Ibadan had admitted a total of 3,483 for the 2016/2017 session when there was opposition to the conduct of post-UTME screening .
The Deputy Vice Chancellor ( Academic ) Professor Adeyinka Aderinto in an interview with newsmen in Ibadan stated that the University of Ibadan will continue to uphold its standards despite dwindling funding to the university by adhering to global standards .
The DVC asked parents of those students returning to the University to ensure that they monitor to ensure that their wards who have been asked to withdraw from the university do not lie and continue to extort money in the name of being a student at the University .
According to professor Aderinto , the conduct of UI Model of Post-UTME screening has helped to separate ‘ men from boys ' and helped the institution in maintaining its historical standard as a global brand .
“ The University is determined to uphold standards . We are saying that being admitted to the University of Ibadan is a rare privilege that require students to be up and doing in their studies . There are minimum academic requirements a student must meet at the end of the session and those who fall short of that would have to leave the university . UI has been able to invent their own model of screening applicants and it has shown that those who we screened performed far better than those not subjected to our screening after taking JAMB . ”
The post UI withdraws 408 students for poor performance appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
On Monday , the latest grim statistics on Chicago showed the city 's homicide rate reaching a final tally of 762 victims in 2016 . This qualifies not only as the highest number in two decades but the biggest annual increase in 60 years .
The city also managed to pass the combined homicide total in New York City and Los Angeles . This sobering realization only adds to the impact of the Chicago Tribune ‘ s weekend shooting updates , which saw an increase of 1,100 more shootings than in 2015 . Chicago authorities are partially blaming an increase of illegal guns in the city , but former Fox News personality Greta Van Susteren addressed the issue by calling for National Guard intervention .
762 homicides in Chicago ? It is time to call in the National Guard to protect the law abiding citizens ? Any other idea ? — Greta Van Susteren ( @ greta ) January 2 , 2017
Needless to say , many of the replies were not positive towards Van Susteren 's suggestion . Some people slammed them for suggesting that the military should patrol inner cities ( or hinting that Chicago should move towards martial law ) . Others suggested that Rahm Emanuel 's leadership was to blame , especially given the police force corruption that has come to light in recent years . Van Susteren continued to tweet .
I want the citizens in all neighborhoods , including urban inner cities , to be safe . What is your solution ? https : //t.co/Vx1EmEZyNA — Greta Van Susteren ( @ greta ) January 2 , 2017
Whatever Chicago is doing to protect many of its citizens is NOT working . Proof:762 murders . — Greta Van Susteren ( @ greta ) January 2 , 2017
Speaking in a Sunday news conference Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson stated that Chicago gun violence continues due to lack of deterrence . “ In Chicago , we just do n't have a deterrent to pick up a gun , ” Johnson said . “ Any time a guy stealing a loaf of bread spends more time pre-trial in jail than a gun offender , something is wrong. ” They also believe that anger following the release of videos showing officer-involved shootings has left criminals feeling “ emboldened . ”
UPDATE : Naturally , Trump weighed in on this via Twitter as well .
Chicago murder rate is record setting – 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016 . If Mayor ca n't do it they must ask for Federal help ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) January 2 , 2017
( Via Associated Press & Greta Van Susteren on Twitter )
TCN commissions 3 transformers in Calabar substation , others – Daily Trust
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II gave a 99 percent assurance that Senator Leila de Lima would not be killed inside jail should they get arrested for alleged involvement in illegal drugs .
“ Wala naman siguro ( I do n't think so ) . I 'm sure 99 percent , ” Aguirre told reporters at the Senate when asked about De Lima 's fear that they might become a victim of extrajudicial killings ( EJK ) if they are placed under a detention cell that is not safe and secured .
“ 99 percent ? May 1 percent pa pala . As I 've said siguraduhin lang nila ang security ko , yun lang naman talaga ang tanong ko , kasi talaga namang it 's a foregone conclusion na ganyan ang gagawin nila ( So there 's a remaining 1 percent . As I 've said , they better ensure my security , that 's my only question , because really , it 's a foregone conclusion , they they would do it ) , ” the senator said when sought for comment .
ADVERTISEMENT
Asked about De Lima 's request for a safe and secured detention cell , Aguirre said : “ Definitely , they will be safe kung san man ( wherever they would be detained ) . They will . ”
But if De Lima was criticizing the alleged privileges being enjoyed by some high-profile inmates at the AFP 's custodial center in Camp Aguinaldo , then Aguirre wondered why the lady senator would also request something for herself .
“ Kung tinitira nya yung pag aircon lamang e dapat hindi rin dapat nyang hilingin para sa kanyang sarili because we have to be pantay pantay ( If they are criticizing the air-con units , they should not request it for themselves because we have to be fair ) , ” they said .
De Lima said they were already prepared to get arrested and jailed but their only request is that they would be detained in a safe and secured place , noting past cases of inmates who were killed inside detention cells .
“ Ang pakiusap ko lang po sakali lang po mangyari na , God forbid , yung eventuality na yan , ay sana ilagay naman ako sa isang lugar na magiging safe and secured ako because marami na pong mga nangyayari po pinapatay din sa loob ng selda ( My only request , God forbid , if that eventuality happens , I hope I would be placed in a safe and secured area because many have been killed inside the cell ) . So what 's another EJK ( extrajudicial killing ) ? ” they said in an interview on Tuesday . RAM
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have been reeling , and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out .
Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21 . It began Wednesday 's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season .
“ We 've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it , ” Callaway said .
The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its last six games . New York has 11 players on the disabled list , including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier , reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud .
The Mets believe they dodged a couple of major injuries Tuesday when ace Noah Syndergaard was placed on the DL with a strained ligament in their right index finger and Steven Matz left their start in the fourth inning with a mild strain in their left middle finger .
But so much has gone wrong that Callaway is wondering what might happen next . Just in the last three days , New York has had nine relievers go on or off the active roster .
“ I have n't slept in a week — well , at least , ” they said . “ We 're just trying to think of ways to get out . What can we do ? What can we stress ? How can we react today ? What conversations can we have with which players ? We have to try to continue to get out of what 's going on . ”
Callaway almost marveled at the near-perfect storm of injuries and poor performance . Balls have dropped between outfielders . Baserunners have been picked off in the same inning . Hitting with runners in scoring position has been suspect .
The roster keeps churning over , too .
“ I think we have made 17 roster moves in the past four days , ” assistant general manager John Ricco said . “ That 's going to tax any team . ”
The worst , though , has been the bullpen . The relievers seem to have a collective mindset that something will go wrong .
“ I think that mindset has maybe kicked in a little bit already , but that 's how it is , ” Callaway said . “ I think they 're going to learn from this and realize , ‘ You know what ? We can bounce back from this. ” ‘
Seth Lugo , Jacob Rhame and Gerson Bautista have taken turns blowing late leads in a four-game series with the Braves .
“ It 's not just giving up a run , ” Callaway said . “ When we 've blown the leads , we 've walked the leadoff batter of the inning . That has been consistent . We ca n't do that , no matter who we are . It does n't matter if you 're a guy who has 45 days in or 10 years . You ca n't come in and walk guys . You 're giving the other team a chance . ”
Callaway , who spent the last five years as Cleveland 's pitching coach , said he 's never seen anything comparable to this recent run , but they insist it 's critical to stay poised .
“ If we all start being negative and having a bad attitude and throwing things , that would not be productive , ” they said . “ Now it makes you feel better sometimes , but it 's the worst thing you can possibly do in my opinion . I 'm sure the fans would love to see people throwing stuff , and we 're not happy with what 's going on . Just because we try to approach it the right way does n't mean we 're accepting it . ”
——
For more AP baseball coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
EDMONTON — The United Conservative Party says one of its legislature members has resigned from caucus .
United Conservative Leader Jason Kenney issued a terse statement Friday that said Don MacIntyre resigned at about noon .
A tweet from MacIntyre says he 's resigning to focus on family , but it does not specify whether they are stepping down as an MLA or just leaving caucus .
The United Conservative Party did not return phone calls requesting comment .
MacIntyre was elected to the legislature in the constituency of Innisfail-Sylvan Lake in 2015 under the Wildrose banner before the party merged with the United Conservatives .
Before that , they were a part-time instructor for the alternative energy program at the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology and worked as chief technical officer for a private overseas geothermal company .
MacIntyre has suggested in the past that science has n't conclusively proven that climate change is a human-made problem .
MADRID — Spanish police say the man suspected of plotting an ISIS-inspired attack in Colombia appeared on their radar for hate-filled messages online toward the United States , a country where they had lived and was allegedly trying to get to .
A Colombian judge jailed Raul Gutierrez last week on terrorism and conspiracy charges after the 45-year-old Cuban man had allegedly discussed their plans to attack a cafeteria in central Bogota popular with U.S. diplomats using homemade explosives .
On Telegram , an app for mobile and desktop computers that encrypts online exchanges , Gutierrez said that they would commit a suicide attack in the name of God and the Islamic state , police said .
The attack was initially planned for March 6 but was later rescheduled for March 13 , according to two Spanish agents who identified the alleged plot .
In order to carry out the plan , Gutierrez had sought work as a dishwasher in a coffee shop located in Bogota 's “ pink district , ” they said .
Gutierrez was arrested on March 12 by the Colombian police . The FBI was also part of the joint operation that , according to Spain 's police , “ successfully neutralized a real and imminent threat against civilians . ”
The investigators , who requested anonymity for security reasons , monitor online extremist activities in the general information office of the Spanish National Police .
They told The Associated Press that Gutierrez 's animosity for the U.S. caught their attention during an intercepted conversation with other suspects .
“ We tried to see where the seeds of that hate where rooted and to discover if those disparaging remarks disguised any other ideology , ” one of the investigators told the AP . “ That 's when we came across their radicalization in an extreme form of Islam . ”
In over one month of communications , Gutierrez revealed themselves as “ highly radicalized , ” one of the agents said , adding that they allegedly adopted clothing and styles similar to militants in radical groups . Police said that they also added the word “ jihadist ” to their social media handle .
Because the case is open and more arrests could be in the pipeline , the investigators said they could n't confirm additional reports . But they suspected that Gutierrez 's connections could extend all the way to territories in the Middle East controlled by the so-called Islamic State .
At a hearing last week in the western Colombian city of Pereira , the suspect said they had lived in the U.S. but is now fighting against American dominance in the “ new world order ” because “ they are thieves and conquerors and killers . ”
Gutierrez , who had been expelled from Colombia twice before and was allegedly attempting to return to the U.S. , also told reporters that despite their arrest the “ seed has been planted . ”
“ He meant that they might not be free to carry out an attack but others are , ” one of the Spanish investigators said . “ That 's why we need to be vigilant . ”
Toronto police are seeking a man and a woman in a fraud case involving hundreds of thousands of dollars .
Police say a woman went into a bank on June 29 and , using false identification , posed as a client to gain access to that person 's account .
They say they then transferred $ 400,000 from there to another account .
Police say a few days later , a man went into another bank and used a fake ID to pose as a client .
It 's alleged they accessed the account in which the money had been transferred and used the funds to buy a large quantity of gold .
Security camera images of the two have been posted on the Toronto police website .
Education Minister , Mathew Opoku-Prempeh , is expected in Parliament Thursday to respond to an urgent question on the closure of the University College of Education , Winneba ( UCEW ) and its satellite campuses across the country .
Ranking member on the Education Committee of Parliament , Peter Nortsu-Kotoe , who filed the urgent question said the closure of the University is in bad taste and wants an explanation given to the lawmakers .
Mr Nortsu-Kotoe wants to know what necessitated the closure and what is being done to resolve the matter as soon as possible .
“ The closure was unfortunate and I think there could have been a better way of going about the issue , ” they said .
According to him , once the Education Minister is in charge of all matters regarding education in the country , they will be in a better position to explain why the development got to such a crescendo .
Peter Nortsu-Kotoe
The University was sued for allowing the Governing Council to operate after its mandate had elapsed .
According to a writ filed by one Mr. Supi Kofi Kwayera at the High Court , Winneba on May 23 , 2017 , the continuation of members of the Governing Council in office is a direct breach of Section 8 Act 672 .
The University is the 1st Respondent and the Ministry of Education the 2nd Respondent .
The writ indicated that in November 2009 , a Governing Council of the 1st Respondent was constituted .
The said Council was to carry out its functions until its mandate lapsed after two years .
It noted that after the end of the two years , the tenure of the Governing Council was further renewed for two years certain thus its mandate expired in November 2013 .
Following the writ , the University closed down its campuses across the country on Tuesday following an order by the Winneba High Court restraining members of its governing council and some principle officers from holding themselves as such .
A press release from the University on Wednesday clarified an earlier statement issued Tuesday regarding the closure , which according to the University was ordered by the court .
“ The decision was taken to avoid any confrontation since the counsel for the plaintiff indicated that they have people on the ground to monitor the verbal directive given in court , ” part of the statement said .
But the lawyer who doubles as a legislator said the closure of the University is as a result of the Vice Chancellor , Acquah Mensah and others who want to shut it down and nothing to do with the orders of the court .
“ That is very disrespectful to the court and the matter will be taken up when we go to the court on Friday . If you are a party to a litigation and you decide to litigate outside the court to court public sympathy , act with impunity and subject the court to ridicule , it has to be brought to the attention of the court , ” they said .
CRAWFORDSVILLE , Ind . — A judge has sentenced a central Indiana woman to 120 years in prison for fatally stabbing their young children hours after their husband filed for divorce .
Thirty-one-year-old Brandi Worley learned their sentence Monday after they pleaded guilty in January to two counts of murder for killing their son , 7-year-old Tyler Worley , and their daughter , 3-year-old Charlee Worley , in November 2016 . Them husband was asleep downstairs at the time at the family 's Darlington home , about 40 miles northwest of Indianapolis .
Worley gave no statement at the sentencing , and their attorney said there was no explanation for what they did .
Court documents have said Worley told police they killed the children because they did n't want their husband to take them . They also are treated for self-inflicted stab wounds to their neck .
We 're always interested in hearing about news in our community . Let us know what 's going on !
Go to form
Icelandic National Allegedly Involved in Cryptocurrency Mining Rig Thefts Recaptured in Amsterdam
An Icelandic national who escaped from jail at end of last week for their involvement in a cryptocurrency mining heist has been arrested in Amsterdam , according to reports .
Sindri Thor Stefansson , originally arrested in February , is one of 11 men wanted in connection with the theft of 600 computers in late-December and early-January which were being used to mine digital currencies . The machines , worth $ 2 million , are still missing .
Iceland is a popular location for cryptocurrency mining operations because almost 100 % of the power generated in the Nordic country comes from renewable resources . The cold climate is also ideal as operating mining rigs produces a lot of excess heat .
Stefansson 's Escape
Last week Stefansson escaped Sogn open prison in southern Iceland and made their way to Keflavik International Airport . They then took a flight to Sweden with a ticket under another man 's name . Soon thereafter , an international warrant was issued for their arrest .
On Sunday , in what may have led to their capture , Stefansson was photographed with two others in front of the Bijenkorf department store in central Amsterdam and the picture was placed on Instagram , according to Dutch newspaper The Algemeen Dagblad .
As of now it is unclear how Stefansson made their way to Amsterdam , and Icelandic police have not yet released detailed information regarding their re-capture , reports the Associated Press . It was reported , though , that authorities had been monitoring electricity consumption patterns in the search for the missing rigs , and also called upon local internet service providers , electricians , and owners of storage units to report any suspicious behavior .
Stefansson Held Without Trail
In a recently penned letter to Iceland 's Frettabladid newspaper , Stefansson claimed they were not guilty and that they had been held in the country without trial . According to the letter , they had plans to take their case to the European Court of Human Rights .
Stefansson said they were not serving a sentence in Iceland and that their period of custody had run out . They claim they were told on Monday of last week , before they escaped , that they were free to go , but that police would without explanation arrest them if they left the prison .
“ I simply refuse to be in prison of my own free will , especially when the police threaten to arrest me without explanation , ” they said in the letter , where they claimed that they were forced to sign a statement agreeing to remain in custody .
According to Stefansson , there was no evidence that they were involved in the mining rig heist , ‘ only suspicion . ' Without further information available at this time , it 's hard to say if there 's any truth to their claims of innocence . What 's certain is that Icelandic police must have more than ‘ suspicion ' considering the lengths gone to re-capture the fugitive .
Image from Shutterstock .
The post Icelandic National Allegedly Involved in Cryptocurrency Mining Rig Thefts Recaptured in Amsterdam appeared first on NewsBTC .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from NewsBTC . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Kadaga boosts St.Mary 's Kisubi cancer drive
Kadaga urges leaders to support cancer awareness campaigns
Speaker of Uganda 's Parliament Rebecca Kadaga has called for more effort in reducing cancer patients ' pain , death , and incidence through rallying leaders at all levels to sensitize the masses on the need for screening at early stages .
Kadaga noted that people need to be educated that cancer has stages and if detected early enough , it can be managed .
“ Very few people really know about cancer and unfortunately many times it 's when it 's mature and It 's really so adverse that one feels it . That 's why such it is a silent killer , ” said Kadaga .
Kadaga said this Wednesday while meeting students of St.Mary 's College , Kisubi under their Human Alliance for Cancer Awareness club , ahead of a cancer run this Saturday .
The run is part of the activities of the school club to support patients and also raise 54 million shillings from the students in the next ten years and also buy cancer equipment .
The run this year aims to raise sh3 million for patients at the Uganda Cancer Institute and to start the building of a playground for the children 's ward at the hospital .
Kadaga said that it is important for the young generation to be part of the army against cancer through raising awareness and encouraging its prevention , detection and treatment among their peers and parents .
The spokesperson of the alliance Timothy Kadaga said the club aims at raising awareness because it is reported that over 17 % of the people aged below 75 years are at risk of succumbing to cancer .
“ We believe that awareness can reduce the number of deaths resulting from late detection and treatment of cancer cases , ” they said , adding that “ as the Speaker of parliament you are influential and through your participation and support from the political leaders , it will create a bond between the public and the leaders . ”
Kadaga who has been invited as chief runner pledges to mobilize parliamentarians to participate and support the 7km cancers run that will be around Kisubi on Saturday .
The post Kadaga boosts St.Mary 's Kisubi cancer drive appeared first on The Independent Uganda : .
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda : . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It does n't look like winter is giving up easily .
Storms with large hail and damaging winds are smacking the Southeast on this last day of winter , according to the National Weather Service . About 20 million people are in the path of these severe storms , and the areas most at risk are parts of Tennessee , northeastern Mississippi , northern Alabama and northwest Georgia , according to CNN meteorologist Haley Brink .
The bull's-eye of this storm is northern Alabama , CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward said . In a 4 p.m. press conference , Alabama Gov . Kay Ivey said the state is `` not taking this situation lightly . ''
`` My team and I have been monitoring this system throughout the day , '' they said . `` The exact locations of where these storms will form are unpredictable . ''
The NWS said that `` a large and extremely dangerous '' tornado had developed near Russellville , Alabama .
The area between southern Tennessee and northern Florida has a slight risk of being impacted by this storm .
The main impact of this system , Brink said , includes tornadoes , very strong , large hail and damaging winds . It 's expected to hit Monday evening and continue overnight . Tuesday will mostly see a wind threat , Ward said .
As the weather in the South clears up , the mid-Atlantic and New England will be bracing for the fourth nor'easter to hit the region in less than three weeks .
Track the storm here
Forecast models are saying the low pressure system could move toward the coast , which would bring snow to Washington , DC , New York City , Boston , and possibly Portland , Maine , Brink said . Areas of the mid-Atlantic could see some snowfall as early as Monday night , they said , and snow is likely to keep falling Tuesday through Wednesday . Boston could get 2-4 inches of snow and 3-6 inches could fall on Washington , DC , Brink said .
However , the system 's exact path is still uncertain and should become clearer in the next 24 hours , Ward said . At this point , Ward said , the question is whether the system will continue east toward the coast or travel north . If it veers north , there will be significant snow in New England , but if it goes eastward , it 'll mean less snow for the region .
New England is still reeling from last week 's storm , which the weather service declared a blizzard . Before that , a storm dropped heavy , wet snow in areas west of Interstate 95 and left one person dead in New York state .
On March 2 , a nor'easter that morphed into a `` bomb cyclone '' slammed much of the Northeast with heavy snow and rain , hurricane-force wind gusts and significant coastal flooding . The storm left six people dead from falling trees , and about 900,000 customers lost power .
Nor'easters are n't uncommon for New England during this time of year , CNN meteorologist Jenn Varian said . They can occur any time of year , but they 're strongest from September to April .
NEW YORK — The stock market has finally found something to fear .
For more than a year , investors have brushed off bombastic talk about nuclear war , dysfunction on Capitol Hill and other worrisome situations . The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor 's 500 glided to record after record , with few hiccups .
This week , the calm cracked . The stock market finally got spooked by an ongoing sell-off in bonds . As bond prices fall , their yields go up , a signal of rising interest rates . Low interest rates have been an underpinning of the current bull market in stocks , now in its ninth year .
On Friday , the rate on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to a four-year high . The Dow and S & P 500 each lost around 4 per cent , their worst week since January 2016 . On Friday , the Dow dropped 665 points , or 2.5 per cent . Some earnings-related selling in big names such as Apple and Exxon Mobil added to the swoon .
Some investors believe the market can recover , noting that both global economic growth and corporate earnings remain strong . One hallmark of this bull market has been investors ' willingness to buy the dips . This week 's drop could test their resolve .
Since the Great Recession , ultra-low interest rates have made it easier for businesses and companies to borrow . They also have pushed investors into buying stocks by minimizing the interest payments from bonds .
Rates were due to rise , and investors cast a wary eye on the 10-year Treasury as it rose earlier this year . Those concerns hit a high point on Friday after a U.S. government report said wages last month rose at the fastest pace in eight years .
Bigger paychecks are a welcome sight for workers , but can also signal that inflation is about to pick up across the economy . Inflation has been relatively dormant since the recession . This week , the Federal Reserve said it expects inflation to finally pick up this year .
The Fed could raise interest rates more quickly than investors are prepared for if inflation accelerates at too fast a pace . That could further upset markets , which have seen an unusual lack of volatility for more than a year . After Friday 's jobs report , some economists raised their forecast for Fed rate increases this year to four from three .
The yield on the 10-year Treasury climbed to 2.84 per cent Friday from 2.79 per cent late Thursday and from 2.41 per cent at the start of the year . It 's at its highest level since 2014 .
“ We are rapidly approaching the point at which low rates will no longer provide support to the equity market , ” said Eric Winograd , senior U.S. economist at AllianceBernstein .
Those concerns echoed worldwide . Other markets around the world were similarly weak as interest rates climbed . The German DAX index lost 4.2 per cent over the week , and South Korea 's Kospi index lost 1.9 per cent .
Investors have cited low interest rates are one reason they 've continued to buy stocks , even as prices rose faster than corporate earnings . By that measure , the price-earnings ratio , the S & P 500 is close to the most expensive it 's been in many years , adjusted for inflation .
Higher interest rates tend to make investors less willing to pay high price-earnings ratios . Hence all the focus on exactly how many times the Fed will raise rates this year .
Still , many fund managers and analysts say they 're optimistic stocks can keep rising , even if interest rates continue to climb . As long as inflation does n't spike out of control , stocks can rise if earnings continue to grow .
Many analysts expect earnings to keep growing because of the strength in the global economy . Few economists see a recession striking anytime soon .
The strengthening economy is translating into not only stronger profits for companies but also better sales , something that investors have been keen to see . Roughly half the companies in the S & P 500 have given updates on their performance for the last three months of 2017 , and 79 per cent of them have reported stronger revenue for the quarter than analysts expected , according to S & P Global Market Intelligence . That compares with 67 per cent a quarter earlier .
What makes this past week 's market drop particularly noticeable for investors is how rare a decline has been for stocks . Before Friday , the last time the S & P 500 index fell 2 per cent in a day was in September 2016 .
But historically , pullbacks for stocks are normal , and investors should n't be surprised if stocks drop by 5 per cent or even 10 per cent before they begin rising again .
The S & P 500 still has not experienced a decline of 5 per cent in roughly 400 trading days , even after this past week 's 3.9 per cent drop . That 's a record number of days . Going back to 1929 , the average was 92 days , according to Goldman Sachs .
Or , as Greg McBride , chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com , said : “ Markets go up and down , not just up . ”
Transcript for The science behind what causes stress
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
The Ontario Liberals have an extra $ 1.5 billion to spend between now and the next election and can still keep their promise to balance the provincial budget by 2018 , thanks to a helpful ruling on how to handle surpluses in a couple of big provincial pension funds .
For $ 1.5 billion , the Liberals could cut electricity bills by another eight per cent and probably buy labour peace with Ontario 's doctors and have some left . They could stop pressuring boards of education to close half-empty schools . They could replace half a dozen small hospitals . They could even cut taxes .
We 're talking serious money .
Premier Kathleen Wynne and Finance Minister Charles Sousa have sworn up and down that Ontario will finish 2018 with a balanced provincial budget .
But they got a shock last fall when Bonnie Lysyk , the province 's auditor general , told them they thought it was wrong to count money held by the pension plans for the Ontario Public Service Employees Union and Ontario 's teachers ' unions as provincial assets . Specifically , about $ 11 billion in surpluses in those funds , the government 's share of which had been treated as government assets for as long as they 'd been there . That stripped billions of dollars off the government 's balance sheet .
More importantly , it meant $ 1.5 billion in income that the government had treated as revenue could no longer be handled that way .
That produced a nasty spat between the auditor-general and Liz Sandals , the minister who , as president of the treasury board , is in charge of how the province keeps its books . Sandals presented the legislature with an unaudited financial report because Lysyk would n't sign off on it , a brazen way of handling an ordinarily dull part of running the government .
The money 's there either way , the only question is in which ledger it should be inscribed . If it 's in this ledger here , it makes the Liberals ' budget-balancing promise $ 1.5 billion easier ; if it 's in that ledger there , the promise is $ 1.5 billion harder .
The government appointed an expert panel to make a ruling , a four-person group led by Tricia O'Malley , former chair of the Canadian Accounting Standards Board , a job they had twice , with a long stint helping set international accounting standards in between . The others are a benefits lawyer , an actuary who consults for Ernst & Young on pensions , and the Province of New Brunswick 's chief accountant .
What they say does n't have the force of a judge 's order , but they have credibility . And they say the government can count the money as a provincial asset .
The provincial government co-sponsors the pension plans , so it 's effectively a half-owner . That said , the government ca n't directly draw on the surpluses , the money has to stay in the plans . If the government ca n't take the money , Lysyk 's reasoning goes , the money is n't really a government asset .
Nevertheless , the panel 's report volleys back , those surpluses work in the government 's favour .
`` It is reasonable to expect that the plan sponsors will be able to benefit from lower contribution levels in the future , if the plans have surplus assets , '' the panel 's report says .
Ultimately : `` The surpluses in the plans can be used by reducing the contributions the government is required to make to the plans , freeing cash that would otherwise be required to make contributions to be used for other purposes . ''
`` We are committed to implementing the advice of this independent panel and will use it in preparing the province 's financial statements , '' Sandals said in a written statement .
And in campaigning for 2018 .
dreevely @ postmedia.com
The Afghan president slammed Pakistan on Friday , blaming it for a wave of massive deadly attacks that have ravaged their nation recently and accusing Islamabad of harboring the Taliban .
In a televised speech to the nation , Ashraf Ghani insisted the `` center of Taliban terrorism is in Pakistan '' and demanded that authorities in the neighboring country `` show some concrete action to rid their territory of insurgents . ''
Ghani , flanked by Afghanistan 's top Islamic clerics , also urged those among the Taliban who wanted to talk peace with the government to separate themselves from those who want only to fight .
On Wednesday , Afghan officials visited Pakistan with what they describe as evidence of Taliban attacks emanating from militant training centers in Pakistan . Afghanistan 's Intelligence Chief Masoom Stanikzai and Interior Minister Wais Ahmed Barmak presented documentation and confessions from arrested insurgents claiming to have been trained in Islamic seminaries in Pakistan .
`` The Afghan nation is waiting for clear action '' from Pakistan , said Ghani , adding that so far Afghanistan got only promises of cooperation from Islamabad . Pakistan 's Foreign Secretary Tehmina Janjua along with senior military and security officials will travel to Kabul on Saturday with Islamabad 's response , after reviewing the Afghan documents .
Kabul and Islamabad have repeatedly traded accusations that the other is harboring enemy insurgents .
The United States has also criticized Pakistan for providing sanctuaries for the Taliban , who are fighting U.S. troops in Afghanistan . President Donald Trump accused Pakistan of `` lies and deceit '' and demanded Pakistan evict Taliban insurgents , particularly the Haqqani network from Pakistani safe havens . The U.S. has suspended military assistance to Pakistan to back its demands .
Pakistan has denied providing sanctuaries to militants . On Friday , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it stands with Afghanistan `` in fighting the menace of terrorism . ''
The ministry 's statement noted that Pakistan has erected 975 security posts along the porous border with Afghanistan , while Kabul set up only 218 . It called for more border security from Kabul , saying insurgents in Afghanistan have carried out 417 attacks in Pakistan in 2017 .
Meanwhile , Ghani said they have ordered a wide-reaching review of Kabul 's security following massive deadly attacks in recent weeks that have left killed nearly 200 and wounded hundreds more .
`` The Kabul people are demanding that we make a serious review of our security arrangements , '' they said .
———
Associated Press writer Munir Ahmed in Islamabad contributed to this report .
Breaking : Police move Dino Melaye in ambulance to National Hospital
By Joseph Erunke
ABUJA-THE operatives of the Nigeria Police have moved Senator Dino Melaye out of hospital in an ambulance marked NPF 221 D .
Melaye was moved out at about 9:21pm by men of the Nigeria Police on a stretcher into a police ambulance and driven to National Hospital , Abuja .
Two medical doctors at the Zanklin Hospital Abuja , who had certified the unconscious senator unfit to be moved out of the private hospital were arrested by the team of the police personnel , led by the FCT Commissioner , Mr Sadiq Bello .
Melaye 's younger brother who was with them at the hospital was also arrested by the police .
Also the Inspector-General of Police Ibrahim Idris has ordered probe of the escape and re-arrest from custody Dino Melaye .
ACP Jimoh Moshood Force PRO , Force HQ , Abuja in a statement said ‘ the Inspector General of Police has directed a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the rescue and escape of Senator Dino Melaye from lawful custody . ‘
They said that Dino Melaye on Tuesday at about 12 noon while in lawful custody of the Nigeria Police Force and being taken for arraignment in Federal High Court , Lokoja from Abuja , escaped from lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in Two ( 2 ) Toyota Hilux Vehicles blocked the Police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 Round About , Abuja and in the process the Senator jumped out of the Police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the Police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination .
They further said that the Police team re-enforced and trailed Senator Dino Melaye to Zankli Hospital , Abuja where they were re-arrested .
The said would be arraigned in court without further delay .
Meanwhile , one of the Toyota Hilux vehicles used by the hoodlums and miscreants in aiding the escape of the Senator has been recovered by the Police investigation team
On Monday no fewer than 15 armed police officers on Monday , laid siege to the Abuja residence of Sen. Dino Melaye .
The armed men who barricaded the street leading to the lawmaker 's house on Sangha Street , Maitama , Abuja were strategically positioned in and around the premises .
The post Breaking : Police move Dino Melaye in ambulance to National Hospital appeared first on Vanguard News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
22:42 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4 , 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4 , 5777 , 02/01/17 'Israeli Air Force One ' to begin service this year Read more
The aircraft for the prime minister and the president is to enter service this summer , equipped with a missile defense system . ► ◄ Last Briefs
Football fan pushed to their death at match in Argentina
An Argentine football fan died Monday after being pushed from a stand at a derby match by an angry crowd who thought they were a rival supporter , officials said .
Emanuel Balbo , 22 , fell five meters ( 17 feet ) at their football team Belgrano 's stadium in the northern city of Cordoba on Saturday , video images showed .
They had quarreled with a man whom they accused of being responsible for the death of Balbo 's brother in a traffic accident in 2012 , the victim 's father Raul said on television .
Witnesses said the man responded by shouting that Balbo was a disguised fan of Belgrano 's derby rivals in the match , Talleres .
That prompted the crowd to attack Balbo , who fled down the steps before being pushed over the edge of the stand .
They lay for two days with severe head injuries in hospital , where doctors declared them brain dead .
The club announced their death in a statement on Monday .
The Argentine Football Association called for “ those responsible for this inconceivable assault ” to be brought to justice .
It called in a statement for “ the necessary measures so that incidents like this do not happen again in any Argentine football stadium . ”
Police commissioner Jorge Gomez said two people were arrested on Sunday and two more early Monday over the attack .
Public prosecutor Liliana Sanchez called for the suspects to be charged with aggravated homicide .
Non-government campaign group Let 's Save Football says that more than 40 people have been killed in football-related violence in Argentina since 2013 .
Away fans have been banned from league matches since that year in a bid to curb the violence .
This post was syndicated from Breaking News , Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Leupold VX-3 4.5-14x40 CDS I have a Leupold VX-3 4.5-14 CDs rifle scope that is just sitting needs to find use . Mounted taken to the range once . 1 '' tube duplex reticle . $ 375 shipped to your door . Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
PORTLAND , Ore. — Holland Woods scored a career-high 29 points on a school record 10-for-10 shooting and Portland State lead from wire-to-wire for a 94-81 win over Eastern Washington on Saturday .
Traylin Farris and Deante Strickland each added 13 points for the Vikings ( 14-9 , 4-6 Big Sky Conference ) , who ended a three-game losing skid and stopped the Eagles ' three-game winning streak . Brandon Hollins and Michael Mayhew scored 12 apiece .
Portland State shot 53 per cent in the first half to take a 39-32 lead and then made 6 of 12 3-pointers , 20 of 32 shots overall ( 62.5 per cent ) in the second half to avenge an 81-74 loss in the first meeting .
Cody Benzel hit seven 3-pointers and scored 21 points for Eastern Washington ( 12-12 , 7-4 ) . Bogdan Bliznyuk , coming off a 40-point game , had 13 points , nine rebounds and six assists .
IOWA CITY , Iowa — Longtime NBC journalist Tom Brokaw has donated thousands of documents spanning their career to the University of Iowa , and they 're now available to the public .
The collection includes a notebook with interview questions for Soviet Union leader Mikhail Gorbachev and press badges from Saudi Arabia and the 1992 Republican National Convention .
Some of the donated photographs show Brokaw standing in front of plumes of smoke in New York on Sept. 11 .
Graduate Assistant Elizabeth Riordan says the collection shows 50 years of the biggest global news stories as seen through the eyes of one reporter .
Brokaw spent their first-year student year at the university , which gave them an honorary doctorate in 2010 .
The Iowa City Press-Citizen reports that the items were made available to the public on Thursday at the university 's Main Library .
——
Information from : Iowa City Press-Citizen , http : //www.press-citizen.com/
WASHINGTON — Justin Trudeau says they pushed for an exemption on Canadian steel and aluminum imports to the United States during their phone call this week with Vice-President Mike Pence .
The prime minister says the government is pushing the U.S. on multiple economic fronts , including getting a deal on a renegotiated NAFTA .
Using a national-security clause in U.S. trade law , President Donald Trump is threatening to slap potentially crippling steel and aluminium tariffs on Canada , Mexico and other countries when their exemptions are due to expire Friday .
Pence `` seemed to understand very clearly that national-security issues do n't really apply when you talk about steel or aluminum from Canada , '' Trudeau said of their conversation .
`` We 're continuing to work , highlighting that it would be not great for Canadian workers and Canadian industry , obviously , but it also would be difficult for American workers , American jobs and American consumers , who will pay more for various products . ''
That is on top of intense effort by Canada , the U.S. and Mexico to get a deal on a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement in time for the current iteration of the U.S. Congress , and ahead of what 's expected to be a turning-point election in Mexico on July 1 .
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland pushed the steel and NAFTA issues during their meeting Tuesday in Washington with Trump 's trade czar Robert Lighthizer .
`` Canada considers it frankly absurd that we would in any way be considered a national security threat to the United States , '' they said of the tariff threat , which comes under Sec . 232 of the U.S. Trade Expansion Act .
`` I would like to absolutely assure Canadians , particularly those that work in the steel and aluminum industries , that the government is absolutely prepared to and will defend Canadian industries and Canadian jobs . We will respond appropriately . ''
Freeland left Washington empty-handed earlier today , while Lighthizer and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross were off to Paris to talk tariffs with nervous European Union counterparts .
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia ( AP ) — An appeals court in Cambodia has for the second time denied a request for the release on bail of opposition leader Kem Sokha , who has been charged with treason .
The Thursday court appearance in Phnom Penh by Kem Sokha , head of the Cambodia National Rescue Party , was their first since their arrest last September . Their hearing was held behind closed doors and journalists and other onlookers were kept away .
Their prosecution by the government of Prime Minister Hun Sen is widely seen as part of a concerted effort to cripple the opposition ahead of a general election this year .
Kem Sokha 's lawyer , Choung Choungy , says the court cited concerns for their client 's security in denying bail .
The government has expressed fears of political protests by Kem Sokha 's supporters .
WASHINGTON — The Latest on the inquiries about travel practices of Trump administration officials : ( all times local ) :
6:45 p.m .
The Energy Department says Energy Secretary Rick Perry has taken at least six trips on government or private planes costing an estimated $ 56,000 .
The report comes as top officials in the Trump administration undergo scrutiny for their use of costly private or military air travel at taxpayers ' expense .
Three of Perry 's trips were on government planes , including one on an Energy Department plane to the Hanford nuclear site in Washington state , and two military flights to national labs in Idaho and New Mexico .
Perry also flew on private planes to visit a Pennsylvania coal plant and nuclear sites in Ohio and Kansas City .
Perry 's office released details about the flights to the House Oversight Committee , which is investigating non-commercial travel by the Trump administration .
——
5:10 p.m .
The inspector general at the Environmental Protection Agency says it is expanding an inquiry into Administrator Scott Pruitt 's frequent taxpayer-funded travel .
The watchdog office said the review will now include all travel by Pruitt through Sept. 30 . Previously , the inspector general was focusing on Pruitt 's travel to their home state of Oklahoma through July 31 .
A spokesperson said Friday the scope of the review was expanded after requests by members of Congress ,
The Associated Press and others reported in July that Pruitt travelled to Oklahoma at least 10 times .
An EPA spokesperson said the trips were warranted .
The inspector general 's office said its review will look at whether Pruitt followed EPA travel policies and whether those policies are sufficient to prevent fraud , waste and abuse .
OAKLAND , Calif. — Maryland 's Kevin Huerter declared for the NBA draft thinking that it was going to be an exploratory mission , one that might prepare them to go pro next season .
Turns out , he 's ready now .
Huerter said Wednesday that they are forgoing their final two seasons of college eligibility and staying in the draft , after a strong showing at the pre-draft combine in Chicago earlier this month and some subsequent workouts and interviews with NBA clubs . Wednesday was the deadline day for underclassmen to say whether they 're staying in the draft or going back to school .
In the end , they decided to not risk losing this opportunity .
`` This year is guaranteed , '' Huerter said from their parents ' home in Clifton Park , New York . `` Next year is not . ''
It 's widely believed they will be a first-round pick .
The 6-foot-7 wing impressed scouts at the combine not just with their ability to shoot the ball , but also their passing and athleticism . They were near the top of the charts in several testing categories at the combine .
They averaged 14.8 points on 50 per cent shooting for the Terrapins this past season , shooting 42 per cent from 3-point range .
`` This was pretty tough , '' said Huerter , who wavered several times on the decision in the past couple of days . `` Everything happened pretty fast . When I declared I did n't really expect to be leaving . This was a pretty tough decision and when things started happening there came a time when I actually had to start really thinking about things . ''
This has been a rapid ascent for Huerter . In 2015 , they led Shenendehowa High to a New York state basketball championship . A year later , they led Shenendehowa to a state title in baseball .
Re : Economic Scope for Dial Up Shooting Quote : BLOODHOUND BRO Originally Posted by I 'm looking to go to dial up doping on my next scope , but I 'd like to stay somewhere around $ 1000 dollar mark . Does anybody have any recommendations regarding the accuracy and consistency of the click size for some of the more economic scope options ( vortex , leupold , zeiss , etc ) . Obviously Nightforce and Schmidt & Bender are consistent , but I ca n't afford that .
Thanks in advance ,
Check out Bryan Litz in the vid below . They explain how to do a `` tall target test '' to figure out any error the scope may have .
The tall target test also test repeatability of the scope .
YouTube ( Short URL ) I have had excellent results with Vortex and Zeiss in the price range mentioned . A lot of scopes will not track 100 % perfectly . IE they might be 2 % off at 30 Moas . Since most folks use an app these days for a dialing solution , some apps have the ability to enter a correction value for any built in error that the scope dials . Applied Ballistics has this capability.Check out Bryan Litz in the vid below . They explain how to do a `` tall target test '' to figure out any error the scope may have.The tall target test also test repeatability of the scope .
__________________
INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts will induct former receiver Reggie Wayne into the team 's Ring of Honor during a Nov. 18 game against Tennessee .
Wayne spent 14 seasons and played in a franchise record 211 games . They played a key role on Indy 's 2006 Super Bowl championship team , made six Pro Bowl appearances and was a first-team All-Pro in 2010 . They finished their career with 1,070 receptions , 14,345 yards and 82 touchdown catches — all second in franchise history .
He 's 10th in league history in receptions and yards receiving .
Wayne will be the 15h inductee , joining a group that includes Bill Polian , who drafted them in 2001 , coach Tony Dungy and four of Wayne 's ex-teammates — Edgerrin James , Peyton Manning , Jeff Saturday and Harrison .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
SANTA BARBARA , Calif. ( AP ) -- Leland King II had 25 points and a career-high 17 rebounds to help UC Santa Barbara remain tied atop the Big West Conference with a 75-51 win over CSU Northridge on Saturday night .
The victory improved the Gauchos ' home record to 11-0 , their best ever start to a season . Their overall record of 18-5 is their best overall start since the 1988-89 team did the same . In conference they are tied with UC Davis at 7-2 .
UCSB first pulled away with an 8-2 run to end the first half with a 32-25 lead . The Gauchos then kept CSU Northridge ( 5-18 , 2-7 ) at bay until going on a 19-1 run to lead 68-44 .
Max Heidegger added four 3-pointers and 14 points , Marcus Jackson scored 12 and Ami Lakoju 10 for UC Santa Barbara .
Tavrion Dawson had 16 points and 10 rebounds and Lyrik Shreiner scored 10 for the Matadors .
A Taiwanese company that assembles Apple 's iPhones and other electronics is considering building a plant in Wisconsin that could employ thousands of people .
Source : GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
Stay connected : The official MLS app keeps you connected with the latest news , highlights , scores , standings , and analysis all for FREE . Download for iOS ( Apple ) or Download for Android
2019 : Utomi , solution to Delta 's devt challenges – Ajobena
By Festus Ahon
ASABA—AHEAD of the 2019 governorship election in Delta State , a former military administrator of Kaduna State and chieftain of All Progressives Congress , APC , in Delta State , Air Vice Marshall , AVM , Frank Adjobena ( retd ) , has said Professor Pat Utomi is the solution to the development challenges confronting the state .
Adjobena , who spoke when Prof. Utomi , APC governorship aspirant , paid them and leaders of APC in Okpe LGA a consultative visit , said : “ Leadership goes beyond road construction and payment of workers ' salaries . I have looked forward to a day like this , and I am glad that you have shown interest to run for the governorship position of our state . Now you can translate your ideas into practical solutions to solve our development challenges .
“ I knew from the moment Prof. Utomi indicated their interest to govern Delta State that the solution to the problems confronting our state has come .
Speaking earlier , Utomi , said : “ Developmental challenges facing Delta State are not insurmountable . The problem of the state is injustice and lack of imagination by the political leadership . The problem of Delta State like many parts of Africa is leadership . Therefore effort must be made to bring on board credible leaders in the governance of the state come 2019 . ”
Decrying what they described as “ leadership recession in Africa , ” Utomi said “ building a great nation is more than roads construction . What makes nation great is developing it 's human capital , and until Delta developed it 's youthful population and their energy properly harnessed and directed into wealth creation , crime will continue to thrive in the state ” .
The post 2019 : Utomi , solution to Delta 's devt challenges – Ajobena appeared first on Vanguard News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A gay man from Ghana has been denied asylum in Canada because they had fake papers and so could not be identified .
The 29-year-old man said they left Ghana at the end of 2015 after being attacked by a group of men who stabbed them in the stomach . They allege that their attackers left them lying in the dirt while they went to get shovels to bury them alive .
Refugee nearly freezes to death crossing Canadian border https : //t.co/qdW2MHtY2q — Winnipeg Free Press ( @ WinnipegNews ) January 5 , 2017
They left the country with the help of their boyfriend , traveling first to Ecuador then through Colombia and Central America to Mexico . A refugee claim in the U.S. last year was rejected so they made their way to Minneapolis and eventually across the Canadian border . They have been in Winnipeg waiting to find out if he 'll be allowed to stay in Canada since December 2016 .
Pulse reports that after the decision was made last week , they said if they have to go back to Ghana they will be killed .
Their lawyer Bashir Khan said :
“ He has been accused by the member [ of the board ] to have had fraudulent identity documents and their identity is not clear .
“ That is entirely incorrect and we disagree .
“ He will not be at risk of deportation , but certainly they will live with the mental fear of how much longer , what 's going to happen in the end . ”
Khan added : “ He 's gay , they have their freedom to choose their sexual orientation in this country . ”
German Carmakers Fighting Diesel Rebellion
German automakers committed Wednesday to fitting over 5 million diesel cars in the country with updated software to reduce harmful emissions and to finance incentives for drivers to trade in older models , the transport minister said .
Wednesday 's `` diesel summit '' brought together leading ministers and state governors with bosses from Volkswagen , Porsche , Audi , Mercedes , BMW , Opel and Ford . It came amid worries about possible bans on driving older diesel cars in some cities and wider questions over whether diesel as a technology even has a future .
Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt said the automakers will fit some 5.3 million diesel cars with new software , starting `` in the coming months . '' The VDA auto industry group said that applies to most diesel cars of types made since 2009 . It said the aim is to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions by 25-30 percent , and the overall figure includes 2.5 million vehicles already being refitted by Volkswagen .
The automakers also agreed to come up with self-financed incentives to encourage drivers to get older vehicles off the road faster , Dobrindt said .
BMW said it would give owners of older diesels registered before 2009 an `` environment bonus '' of up to 2,000 euros ( $ 2,360 ) if they trade in their older for a new electric or hybrid model , or for a lower-emissions internal combustion car meeting current standards .
The auto industry also is to contribute an unspecified amount to a German government `` sustainable mobility fund '' for cities aimed at using technology to make traffic flow better .
Dobrindt said the government will invest some 250 million euros ( $ 295 million ) more in modernizing city public transport fleets such as buses and taxis .
Volkswagen has been under intense scrutiny since admitting nearly two years ago that it equipped vehicles with software that manipulated emissions levels . German automakers have been under additional pressure in recent weeks following a report that the biggest companies colluded for years over diesel technology and other issues .
German Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks criticized VDA 's statement on measures offered at the summit Wednesday , saying the tone `` was marked too little by insight and humility . ''
Industry executives appeared at their own post-summit news conference and underlined measures they are taking . Daimler is voluntarily updating engine control software on 3 million vehicles in Europe , or almost all the diesels it has sold since 2009 ; Volkswagen 's Audi is updating 850,000 and BMW more than 300,000 . They said diesel technology would remain important for years to come , since diesels emit less carbon dioxide and make it easier to meet regulator 's goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions blamed for global warming .
Volkswagen CEO Matthias Mueller said that convention and electric cars would `` coexist '' for some time , and that the company had to invest in both . Daimler CEO Dieter Zetsche said their company had invested 3 billion euros in newer , lower emissions diesels while it is putting 10 billion euros into expanding its range of battery-powered vehicles .
`` We are moving ahead consistently with sustainable mobility , '' said BMW CEO Harald Krueger .
Even before Wednesday 's meeting , industry critics and some officials had called for wider-ranging refits going beyond software updates . Industry representatives indicated that was n't realistic , said Stephan Weil , the governor of Lower Saxony state , although the topic will be examined further by experts .
`` The automakers have got their way again , '' said Herbert Behrens , a lawmaker with the opposition Left Party . `` They are getting a cheap version to keep selling dirty diesels . ''
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Volkswagen AG TDI Clean Diesels product by Volkswagen .
Read more on : Automotive , Germany , Automakers , BMW , Emissions
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
Sports News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : ghanacrusader.com
2017-10-06
play video2007 Black Starlets
The Black Starlets of Ghana defeated Colombia 2-1 in the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in South Korea .
The game was a group stage fixture and Ghana reigned supreme over their South American side .
Ransnford Osei shot the two-times World Champions into the lead in the 35th minute , but Colombia restored parity courtesy Cristian Nazarith in the 61st minute .
Ishmael Yartey then scored the match winner for Ghana with five minutes left on the clock .
However , the two sides will be meeting again at the U-17 World Cup after 10 years .
Ghana will battle Colombia in Group A opener at this year 's U-17 World Cup in India , kick off time is at 17:00 India time and 11:00 Ghana time .
Watch below how Ghana defeated Colombia the last time they met
Drops of blood and a surveillance camera video led Sonoma County sheriff 's deputies to a suspect of a gas station burglary in Sonoma Valley on Friday , a sheriff 's sergeant said.Deputies responded around 3 a.m. Friday to the Bonneau 's at Grove 76 gas station at 19080 Arnold Drive in Boyes Hot Springs when the manager reported a glass break alarm , Sgt . Spencer Crum said.The manager , who was watching surveillance camera video of the business from their home , said a man in their 30s took a cash register from the gas station , Crum said.As deputies responded , the manager told the sheriff 's dispatch center the suspect re-entered the gas station . Deputies arrived and chased the suspect , who fled from a broken window and ran about 30 feet before they were caught , Crum said.When deputies took the suspect , Maleek Sanchez , 21 , of Sonoma , into custody , they noticed they were bleeding from small cuts on their hand and chin , Crum said.Deputies followed the blood drops to a blood-smeared cash register that was propped against a fence near the gas station and Sanchez 's bike , Crum said.The manager arrived and showed deputies a video of Sanchez throwing a large cinder block through the gas station window , stealing the cash register , re-entering the store and trying to steal another register before deputies arrived , according to Crum.Sanchez was booked into Sonoma County Jail on suspicion of burglary , and they were released after posting $ 10,000 bail bond , Crum said .
MEND Passes Vote Of No Confidence On APC Govt
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( MEND ) has passed a vote of no confidence on the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari over the federal government 's poor handling of current crisis in the Niger Delta region .
The group alleged that Buhari had been carrying on arrogantly and making controversial , prejudicial , conflicting and contradictory statements about the politics and economy of the oil-rich region , after their meeting with traditional rulers , opinion leaders and stakeholders of the Niger Delta region , under the auspices of Pan Niger Delta Forum ( PANDEF ) on November 1 , 2016 .
MEND , in a statement issued yesterday by its spokesperson , Jomo Gbomo and made available to LEADERSHIP in Port Harcourt , further alleged that since after they assumed office on May 29 , 2015 , Buhari , for reasons best known to him , held the Niger Delta region in contempt .
The statement reads in part , “ Without prejudice to the pre-2015 presidential election endorsement freely and voluntarily given to President Muhammadu Buhari on January 6 , 2015 , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( MEND ) hereby categorically and unequivocally pass a Vote of No Confidence on the government of President Buhari ; specifically with regard to the government 's handling of the current Niger Delta crisis .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
RENTON , Wash. — The Seattle Seahawks have acquired cornerback C.J . Smith from the Cleveland Browns in exchange for a conditional seventh-round draft pick in 2020 .
Smith is another young option in Seattle 's secondary . They spent the 2016 season with the Philadelphia Eagles and played sparingly in 2017 with the Browns . He 's appeared in 13 career games , with 10 of those coming with the Eagles .
Smith played collegiately at North Dakota State , where they were part of five national championship teams , including their redshirt year .
The teams made the trade on Monday .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
The Kingsway International Christian Centre ( KICC ) , a London- based organization , of the main church pastored by Matthew Ashimolowo , has reacted to the allegation that they were involved Ponzi Scheme .
The rebuttal was made in a statement issued by Dipo Oluyomi , Chief Executive Officer and James Mcglashan , Chief Operating Officer .
It read :
“ The attention of Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo and KICC has been drawn to publication in the media with the headline : “ Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo loses $ 5million to Ponzi Scheme . ”
“ We wish to state that the headline was unfortunate and misleading and has caused damage to the reputation of Pastor Ashimolowo . The sensational headline suggests that Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo lost $ 5million when INFACT They DID NOT and did not make the decision to invest .
“ Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo is the Senior Pastor of KICC and not their trustee and has never been a trustee of KICC .
“ As you are aware from the Charities Commission 's report , the decision to invest was solely that of the U.K trustees without any involvement of Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo . Importantly as the report states , it is the trustees who have the responsibility for investing Charity Funds and NOT PASTOR MATTHEW ASHIMOLOWO .
“ The investment referred to were made by former trustees on behalf of the Charity over SEVEN AND HALF YEARS AGO . They believed they were acting in the best interest of the Charity and they did not and have not benefited personally .
“ Their actions were totally independent and were not influenced in any way by Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo .
“ Now that we have appraised the publisher ( s ) and author ( s ) of the report of these facts , we strongly encourage you to set the record straight by publishing this rejoinder immediately .
“ KICC is a Charity whose main aim is to advance the Christian religion in the U.K. and around the world as well as provide local communities with a great deal of counseling and support , including educational , bereavement and prayer support .
“ Pastor Matthew Ashimolowo preaches around the world on behalf of KICC , spreading the word , touching lives both home and abroad , raising Champions and the profile of KICC . ”
Thank you .
Signed :
DIPO OLUYOMI –
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER , JAMES McGLASHAN –
CHIEF OPERATING OFFFICER , For KICC .
Photo
ASK ME ABOUT MY UTERUS
A Quest to Make Doctors Believe in Women 's Pain
By Abby Norman
272 pp . Nation Books . $ 27 .
In the 1940s , in their quest to devise an objective pain scale , Cornell University researchers poked an increasingly hot metal rod into the hands of 13 women in the throes of childbirth . The volunteers were supposed to express how each level of heat compared with the others . But as labor progressed and the rod got hotter , they were in too much distress ( and quite possibly distracted with other kinds of pain ) to grapple with adjectives . Throbbing ? Searing ? A 7 on a scale of 10 ?
And therein lies the conundrum . Few of us can express our aches and hurts accurately , particularly when we are in the thick of them .
This quirky bit of medical history opens Abby Norman 's vivid memoir , “ Ask Me About My Uterus. ” But the focus of the book is really in the subtitle : “ A Quest to Make Doctors Believe in Women 's Pain. ” They build a convincing case that women describing discomfort are more likely than men to be dismissed by physicians , but along the way tells a story that will resonate with anyone ( man or woman ) who has ever experienced pain .
Photo
Norman suffers from endometriosis — a chronic and debilitating illness triggered by uterine-like cells growing outside of the womb . Women with the disorder have heavy , agonizing periods along with a litany of other symptoms depending on where the rogue cells lurk . If they congregate near the bladder , urinating hurts ; near the sciatic nerve , pain can shoot down the legs ; inside the lung ( a rare event ) , breathing can be stifled .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After one bout — “ as sudden as a thunderclap . A stabbing pain in my middle ” — Norman eventually got to an emergency room , where they were handed the typical 1-10 pain scorecard . They were still aching , but not in the original horrors of it all . So they did n't know how to assign a number to it : “ Bad enough that I could n't ignore it , which made it definitely higher than a four or five. ” They questioned whether they were a six or higher and whether the doctor would believe them anyhow .
John Terry to Exit Chelsea at End of Season
Chelsea great John Terry will leave the club at the end of the season , the Premier League leaders announced on Monday .
“ John Terry and Chelsea Football Club today jointly announce our captain will leave the club at the end of the season , ” said a club statement .
The 36-year-old former England central defender has spent their entire professional career at Stamford Bridge , making over 700 appearances for the west London side .
But , despite being Chelsea 's captain , Terry has become an increasingly peripheral figure under Italian manager Antonio Conte and has made just five league appearances so far this season .
“ I will decide on my future in due course , but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season , ” said Terry in a joint statement issued with Chelsea .
“ After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club . From coaches , team-mates and staff to the fans who have given me so much support down the years , I ca n't thank you enough .
“ There will be opportunities for me to speak further about this over the coming weeks . ”
AFP
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @ thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL . Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources .
The post John Terry to Exit Chelsea at End of Season appeared first on SIGNAL .
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
George Eluid Maestas , 68 , entered pleas of No Contest today for two counts of Aggravated Homicide by Vehicle and one count of Driving While Under a Controlled Substance Causing Serious Bodily Injury .
Third Judicial District Judge Nena James accepted the No Contest pleas , and a sentencing hearing will take place at 9:00 am on October 12th . Prior to the pleas , Maestas was scheduled to begin trial on October 10th .
No agreement has been reached on a recommended sentence , and Maestas faces a maximum penalty of up to 50 years imprisonment and $ 25,000 in fines .
The charges stem from an incident on March 10 , 2017 when a vehicle Maestas was operating drove into a residence at 695 Evers Street in Green River .
The crash resulted in the deaths of one-year-old Stella Doak and their great-grandmother , 62-year-old Debra DeVries . Frank Johnson was also seriously injured in the incident . The victims were in the home at the time of the crash .
According to court documents , responding officers noted that Maestas seemed disoriented and confused with blood-shot eyes , slurred speech , and poor balance . Officers did not observe alcohol on Maestas ' breath and believed they were under the influence of something other than alcohol . A Drug Recognition Expert evaluated Maestas and reported that they believed Maestas was under the influence of a narcotic analgesic at the time of the crash .
Maestas remains held at the Sweetwater County Detention Center on a $ 1 million cash or commercial surety bond .
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be , you 're not alone .
Americans work hard , and it takes a physical and mental toll , not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time , according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday . But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing .
In 2015 , RAND researchers , along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California , Los Angeles , began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs . What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers .
This kind of data , examining workplace conditions in the U.S. , has not been collected for decades . `` We have excellent data on wages , on training ... but we do n't know much about the conditions of work , '' says Nicole Maestas , an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study .
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they do n't have enough time to do their jobs , with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time . This was most prevalent among white-collar workers . Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed .
In addition , 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse , threats , humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month ; or they experienced bullying , harassment or sexual harassment in the past year .
`` One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work , '' says Maestas . Them survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board , verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college . Younger women and women of `` prime age , '' defined in the survey as ages 35-49 , experienced the most unwanted sexual attention .
But people who have `` good '' bosses — or bosses who respect them , praise them , work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats , Maestra notes .
`` Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem , '' they say , when it comes to a hostile work environment .
American workers feel , by and large , that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills . Still , many workers , particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree , have little control over their work schedules . Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before .
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable , and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week 's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors ' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs .
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting , it is still a rare option for many workers . The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours .
No matter where we work , friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs . Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement `` I have very good friends at work , '' while 53 percent of men agreed .
While the emotional support helps , many jobs are simply tough on the body . Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time . While workers who do n't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well , particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day .
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early . It 's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the `` right '' job , Maestas says .
`` We 've got more people retiring than ever , and there just are n't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy , '' they say , so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older , experienced workers .
Additionally , 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke , fumes , infectious materials , extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time . `` That was strikingly high , '' Maestas says .
Saba Waheed , the research director at UCLA 's Labor Center who was not involved in the study , says they were also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey .
`` We have a lot of great laws , but we need better enforcement , '' they say .
While they largely praise the survey 's comprehensiveness , Waheed says they would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines , as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers . `` I would really love to see race in here , '' they say , as well .
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant .
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years . Maestas and their team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018 .
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration .
OPENING
True West , June 1-23 , Ridgefield Theater Barn , 37 Halpin Ln. , Ridgefield . At times funny and touching , the play revels in the dark side of the sibling rivalry between two brothers and explores the capacity for our human nature to go horribly wrong . It is recommended for mature audiences . Tickets $ 35 . Info : ridgefieldtheaterbarn.org .
THIS WEEKEND
Polka Dots , the Cool Kids Musical , June 2 and June 9 , 10:30 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. , Center Stage Theatre , 54 Grove Street , Shelton . Tickets $ 15 . Info : centerstageshelton.org .
CONTINUING
Young Frankenstein , through June 2 , TheatreWorks New Milford , 5 Brookside Ave. , New Milford . Grandson of the infamous Victor Frankenstein , Frederick Frankenstein inherits their family 's estate in Transylvania . With the help of a hunchbacked sidekick , Igor , and a sexy​ lab assistant , Inga , Frederick finds themselves in the mad scientist shoes of their ancestors . Tickets $ 30 . Info : theatreworks.us .
Flyin ' West , through June 16 , Westport Playhouse , 25 Powers Court . Set in 1898 when the Civil War is still a living memory , the all-black town of Nicodemus , Kansas , offers a refuge for many former slaves . At one homestead lives a family of courageous and sharp-witted women determined to make a place for themselves . They overcome tremendous odds in a heroic effort to escape the scars of the past in this uplifting story of bravery , pride , and sisterhood . Tickets $ 30- $ 50 . Info : westportplayhouse.org .
ADVANCE
Mamma Mia , June 7-24 , ACT of CT , 36 Old Quarry Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 42- $ 67 . Info : actofct.org .
The Clairvoyants , June 8 , 7:30 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 55 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Still Crazy After All These Years , June 8-10 , Stray Kats Theatre Company , Edmond Town Hall , 45 Main St. , Newtown . Eight new one-act plays about senior citizens will be performed . Tickets $ 25 . Info : StrayKatsTheatreCompany.org .
Hansel and Gretel , June 8-10 , MainStage Theatre of the Visual and Performing Arts Center , 43 Lake Ave. , Danbury . Tickets $ 15- $ 20 . Info : wcsu.edu .
Ivy League of Comedy : Fabulously Funny Females , June 9 , 7:45 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . Carole Montgomery , Adrienne Lapalucci and Maria Shehata will perform . Tickets $ 33 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Howie Mandel , June 14 , 8 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 87.50 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Comedian Gary Gulman , June 22 , 8 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 30 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
FTC Comedy Presents : Mark Normand , June 30 , 7:45 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . Tickets $ 29 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Other Desert Cities , July 6-28 , Sherman Playhouse , 5 Route 39 , Sherman . A daughter returns home for Christmas for the first time in years , bearing the manuscript of a memoir , which reveals a devastating episode in the life of their wealthy Republican family . Tickets $ 24 . Info : shermanplayers.org .
The Arsonists , July 13-29 , Ridgefield Conservatory of Dance , 440 Main St. , Ridgefield . Inspired by the Greek tragedy Electra , this play with music is a contemporary American myth that explores the relationship between parent and child in that small space between death and life , the last breath before the awakening . Tickets $ 29- $ 59 . Info : ridgefielddance.org .
The Complete Works of William Shakespeare ( Abridged ) , July 15-29 , Christine 's Garden Park , New Canaan . Performances are held Saturdays and Sundays . Free . Info : stonc.org .
Where All Good Rabbits Go , July 20 – Aug. 4 , Ridgefield Conservatory of Dance , 440 Main St. , Ridgefield . Walt and Julia are a promising young couple whose world takes a turn for the worse when Walt discovers the first sign of a terminal illness : a rabbit tail . Tickets $ 29- $ 59 . Info : ridgefielddance.org .
The Killers have announced Wonderful Wonderful , their new album . They 've also released a new song called “ The Man , ” which premiered on BBC Radio 1 . Listen to it below , along with an interview . The release date for Wonderful Wonderful has not yet been announced .
Recently , they played a new song called “ Run for Cover ” during a show . The Killers ' last album was 2012 's Battle Born .
Facebook 's struggle to deal with Russian manipulation campaigns has produced a casualty among its upper ranks . The New York Times has learned that chief information security officer Alex Stamos is expected to leave Facebook in August after butting heads with other executives ( including COO Sheryl Sandberg ) over the company 's approach to Russian influence campaigns . They had pushed for investigations and disclosures , sources said , much to the `` consternation '' of top staff .
Developing ...
Celebrities React To Scalice Shooting : Maybe Congress Will Support Gun Control Now
Ah yes , Hollywood . They scream gun control while counting their millions made by producing violent movies , video games , and music . They want young people to revel in the glorification of gun violence while screaming anti-gun rhetoric . The mental gymnastics needed to justify themselves is staggering , and the violence they foist on our young people 's minds is nothing short of criminal . It 's rather…hypocritical of them .
Classic celebrities…
Shortly after the news of the attack on Republican House and Senate baseball players and volunteers , Hollywood celebrities hit their Twitter accounts embarrassing themselves once more . With the tone of ‘ we told you so ' they were hoping that maybe NOW Congress will listen to their pleas for more gun control laws . Silly celebrities…it was n't the gun that caused a man to use their own free will to shoot people . It was the hate spread by the left that influenced this man 's better judgement . They thought they were a hero . Now why would they think that…huh libs ? In the end , it is the person who pulls the trigger that chose to be influenced by whatever voices were most enticing . Not the gun , but the man .
I am saddened by this shooting in our US Capitol . Please # Congress , what will it take for you to act ? # gunsafety @ Everytown @ MomsDemand https : //t.co/06kE35zgeT — Julianne Moore ( @ _juliannemoore ) June 14 , 2017
The Wrap noted that Moore also retweeted comments from The Atlantic editor David Frum , wherein Frum responded to the shooting by criticizing the lack of gun control in Virginia . Meanwhile , actor Denis O'Hare tweeted a plea for more gun control shortly after news of the shooting broke :
Rep. Scalise remained in critical condition in a Washington D.C.-area hospital following the shooting , which also injured three others , including a Congressional aide and two Capitol Police officers . Follow Breitbart News 's live-wire for up-to-the minute updates on the incident .
Where do they get these ridiculous figures ? ! At this rate , the entire population of the U.S. would be decimated in a few years !
Not a single one of these Hollywood snowflakes mentioned the fact that murder with guns is down 49 % since the mid nineties . What caused that ? Gun control ? No , it happened because of concealed carry laws being passed by the vast majority of States .
So , they want to reverse that and go back to the old statistics . Then they are advocating for more violence .
But hey , they 're stupid and childlike and play “ pretend ” for a career . We ca n't expect too much from people that do n't know what they do n't know because they are living their cushioned lives .
It does n't stop it from being annoying though .
NATIONAL CITY , Calif. ( KGTV ) - A National City strip mall is being evacuated Friday due to a gas leak .
The problem was reported about 12:30 p.m. at Grove Plaza on 2220 E. Plaza Blvd. , near the Manila Seafood Oriental Market . The strip mall also contains Starbucks , Tapioca Express , T-Mobile , and other businesses .
Officials said a contractor working in the area broke a gas pipe , causing the leak . Firefighters plan to go business-to-business to check the air quality before allowing businesses to reopen .
No injuries were reported .
RENO , Nev. — The Newmont Ventilation Lab at the University of Nevada , Reno was recently dedicated to the Newmont Mining Corporation for its generous contributions to further education efforts and advance new mining techniques .
More than $ 250,000 has been donated to the Mackay School of Mines in the College of Science to ensure students are equipped with the knowledge and skills for joining the Nevada workforce in the mining industry .
`` Our ventilation teaching lab is without doubt , one of the best in the country , '' Chair of Mining and Metallurgical Engineering Manoj Mohanty said . `` Our emeritus professor , Dr. Pierre Mousset-Jones spent their entire tenure , roughly 40 years , here developing the ventilation laboratory from scratch . Upon their retirement in 2012 , Associate Professor Charles Kocsis was hired as the ventilation professor of the department . They have done an excellent job in upgrading the lab with Newmont 's generous support of more than $ 200,000 over the last several years . ''
The Mackay School completed updates to the Ventilation Lab in 2016 , with the help of the Newmont contributions . Updates to the lab allow students to learn and practice with a physical model of the ventilation-on-demand system . Kocsis teaches students the system .
`` What Newmont did was great , but how can you teach the students ? '' Kocsis said . `` How can you deliver that knowledge to the students that they can feel ? So that 's why we developed the physical model . ''
Ventilation-on-demand is a system that allows mines to operate more efficiently by delivering air flow to the areas where activity is present . Not only does ventilation-on-demand cut down on operating costs , reducing greenhouse gas emissions , it also offers more health and safety precautions for working conditions in the mines .
Recommended Stories For You
`` It 's a combination of health and safety , savings in respect to operating costs , and for the environment , we are saving greenhouse gas emissions , '' Kocsis said .
Kocsis did their doctoral thesis relating to ventilation-on-demand and calculated that for a large operation , 20,000 tons of carbon dioxide equivalent would be saved per year using ventilation on demand .
`` It goes to show our students that there is a better way to design and operate than it was before and every step further is significant especially when you consider those greenhouse gas emission reductions , '' Kocsis said .
Evan Klouse is graduating in the spring with a Bachelor 's of Science in Mining Engineering and was awarded the Westfall Scholar Award from the College of Science as a top-performing student with the highest GPA . Klouse will be working for Newmont as a mining engineer in the summer .
`` This illustrates the constructive connection our department has with Newmont and their financial support helps us graduate quality mining engineers like Evan Klouse , '' Kocsis said .
Undergraduates can benefit from hands-on experience that translates to real working conditions . The ventilation-on-demand model looks like a maze with 4-inch diameter tubing . Actual systems used in the mines will be several feet in diameter , but the principles for operating the model in the lab will be the same . Updates to the system include new 3D printed regulators and fans and a new computer program that operates the system within seconds .
`` I 'm scratching the surface with them to show how an end product would look in a physical model such that when they get to the operation they know , '' Kocsis said .
Responses from mining students have been positive .
`` The feedback was very interesting , '' Kocsis said . `` They said we are mesmerized to see that this can be done with the ventilation system ; and that 's all thanks to Newmont for their financial support . ''
Other projects in the works are developing an instrument for monitoring diesel particulate matter and a health and safety training system based on virtual reality technology .
`` Many of the things that our students learn in the laboratory have direct application in actual mines , '' Mohanty said . `` Our goal now is to reach out to Newmont to upgrade our other laboratories . ''
CHARLOTTE , N.C. — Cam Newton delivered the body blow and Jonathan Stewart provided the knockout punch for Carolina .
Newton 's 62-yard run set up Stewart 's 1-yard touchdown leap — their third TD run of the day — with 1:47 remaining to lift the Panthers to a 31-24 victory Sunday , snapping the Minnesota Vikings ' eight-game win streak .
Stewart accounted for 103 of Carolina 's 216 yards rushing — including a 60-yard touchdown burst in the first quarter — against the league 's second-ranked defence , as the Panthers prevented the Vikings ( 10-3 ) from clinching the NFC North division title .
But it was Newton 's run that turned out to be the play of the game .
After Carolina squandered an 11-point fourth-quarter lead , Newton rolled out to their left , saw an opening and the 6-foot-5 , 245-pound quarterback was off to the races before being pulled down from behind at the Vikings 8-yard line .
Newton joked after the game that they got tackled on purpose .
“ It was very strategic , when I think back , ” the 2015 league MVP said with a smile . “ Because if I had scored , they would have had all of their timeouts left . So I felt like , hey , let me flip this car back into third gear . ”
The Vikings did use all of their timeouts , but the Panthers still scored . The Vikings turned the ball over on downs on their final possession .
“ There 's only one guy in the league that is doing that , ” tight end Greg Olsen said of Newton 's scramble . “ We had everything against us and we had struggled out last three possessions . And for them to pop something that like , that was huge . ”
Said Vikings defensive tackle Linval Joseph : “ He is big , strong , and can throw the ball . They are a first-round draft pick , a Heisman Trophy winner and a great player . They make plays . ”
Newton threw for 137 yards and a touchdown and ran for 75 yards as the Panthers ( 9-4 ) recorded their third 200-yard rushing game of the season to move into a tie with the New Orleans Saints atop the NFC South .
Carolina 's defence did its job , too .
They sacked Case Keenum six times , forced three turnovers and came up with a crucial stop late to force a field goal .
“ We turned the ball over three times and gave up 200-plus yards rushing . That 's not like us , ” Vikings coach Mike Zimmer said .
LATE STOP : The Panthers seemed in control midway through the fourth quarter leading 24-13 , but the Vikings came charging back to tie it as Keenum hooked up on a 52-yard scoring strike with Adam Thielen on a crossing route . Blake Bell added 2-point conversion catch to cut the lead to three .
On Carolina 's next possession , Vikings safety Andrew Sendejo intercepted Newton on a ball that sailed off the hands of Christian McCaffrey and returned it to the Carolina 6 . But Carolina 's defence had a huge stop , holding the Vikings to minus-3 years on three plays to force a field goal with 3:07 left .
NO DIVISION TITLE : Even with the loss , the Vikings could have wrapped up the division had the Packers and Lions also both lost . Instead , both division foes won in overtime .
“ We need to get this division wrapped up , but to do that , we have to play better football , ” Vikings tight end Kyle Rudolph said .
McKINNON OVER MURRAY : The Vikings turned to Jerick McKinnon after Latavius Murray could find no room on the ground and was held to 14 yards rushing on nine carries . McKinnon was the more effective back , rushing for 46 yards on seven carries .
FINALLY , A PICK : It took 13 games , but the Panthers finally got at an interception from their starting cornerbacks . Daryl Worley and James Bradberry both intercepted Keenum on Sunday after being shut out the previous 12 games .
“ Hopefully now everyone will stop talking about it , ” Bradberry quipped .
JUMBO PACKAGE : Stewart had a 60-yard TD run on Carolina 's first possession on a third-and-1 . The Panthers shifted four offensive linemen , including left tackle Matt Kalil , to the right side of centre Ryan Kalil and ran that way . Once Stewart got through the line , it was clear sailing . They sealed the run by stopping and falling back into the end zone , like a kid falling into a pool .
“ When you see a team that is lined up like that in the box , you just hope to see a hole because you know there is no one else in the secondary , ” Stewart said .
INJURIES :
Vikings : Linebacker Emmanuel Lamur left with a foot injury and did not return . … Left tackle Riley Reiff left with a left ankle injury and did not return .
Panthers : Tight end Greg Olsen left briefly after re-injuring their foot , but returned .
UP NEXT
Vikings : Host the Bengals next Sunday .
Panthers : Host the Packers next Sunday .
——
More AP NFL : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–NFL
MOOSE , WY-The northern section of Moose-Wilson Road will be closed for two weeks beginning Monday , April 30 to accommodate road drainage improvements . The road segment between Murie Ranch Road and the Death Canyon Road will be closed to all users , including cyclists , through May 13 .
Advertisement
During the closure , a contractor will replace drainage culverts to prevent future flooding on the road in the area south of Sawmill Ponds . This section of road experienced significant groundwater flooding for much of last summer , and was limited to one-lane of alternating traffic for a few weeks . Crews will also install roadside barriers to minimize future damage to roadside vegetation .
Access to Granite Canyon Trailhead , Laurance S. Rockefeller Preserve , and Death Canyon Road will be possible from the south during the closure . This access will be via the gravel portion of the Moose-Wilson Road , which typically does not open until mid-May , but will open on April 30 this year due to the closure on the northern section . The schedule is subject to change due to weather conditions and other factors .
Advertisement
MARION , N.C. — The Latest on the remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto ( all times local ) :
10:35 a.m .
Authorities say 2,000 people evacuated in the North Carolina mountains because of worries a dam might break can return to their homes .
McDowell County Emergency Management sent a message to the public around 10:15 a.m. Wednesday saying engineers have determined the dam at Lake Tahoma is safe .
Heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening . Emergency officials order the evacuations because an engineer inspecting the dam was worried it might break before officials could get a better look in the daylight .
The dam is about 80 miles ( 129 kilometres ) northwest of Charlotte .
Dozens of roads in western North Carolina were blocked by mudslides or flooding , including Interstate 40 which closed for several hours near Old Fort .
Forecasters warn storms could bring more flooding Wednesday , but say the heavy rains will be isolated and not widespread .
——
10:20 a.m .
About 200 people in the North Carolina mountains have evacuated to shelters as authorities watch a dam threatened by flooding from the remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto .
Emergency managers evacuated 2,000 people early Wednesday after determining the Lake Tahoma dam in western North Carolina could fail .
McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones says the dam has n't failed , but inspectors are watching it .
A number of other roads in western North Carolina are closed by flooding or mudslides . Interstate 40 near Old Fort was closed for a time , but crews have cleared enough debris to open at least one lane in each direction .
Forecasters say Alberto 's remnants can still bring flooding rains to the Southeast and nation 's midsection .
——
11:20 p.m .
The soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation 's midsection after downing trees , causing power outages and leaving scattered flooding around the South .
Forecasters say what 's left of the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season is still capable of causing flash flooding .
The National Hurricane Center in Miami said Tuesday that as Alberto 's weakening system moves inland Wednesday , it still remains a potential menace .
Flash flood watches were in effort for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee , Kentucky , Illinois , the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia .
CCT : Dismissal of Saraki 's trial indicts FG 's war on corruption – CACOL
The Centre for Anti-Corruption and Open Leadership , CACOL , on Wednesday said that the acquittal of the Senate President , Dr. Bukola Saraki in the 18 charges of non-declaration of assets brought against them by the Federal Government is a big indictment on the anti-corruption drive . Recall that in its ruling , the Code of Conduct Tribunal , CCT , [ … ]
CCT : Dismissal of Saraki 's trial indicts FG 's war on corruption – CACOL
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
Pantsuits and oversized blazers are everywhere ! We saw their popularity among celebrities in the Cannes Film Festival , and you 've probably seen the barbie pink suit on Instagram a million times this year and it looks like the two piece suits are not stopping anytime soon . Street style has been also showing a lot of oversized and sometimes dress-like blazers .
This trend is going to stay all year round . In winter you can go for heavier wool-like materials , and in summer can try out showing a little leg with the trendy baggy plaid blazer . Do n't be afraid to have fun with colors . Bloggers have been showing how chic red and pink can be , so maybe you can surprise everyone at your next work event .
CLEVELAND — Six months after being drafted , Myles Garrett can finally show why they were the No . 1 pick .
Garrett missed Cleveland 's first four games — all losses — with a high right-ankle sprain . But the 21-year-old rookie made it through a week of practice without any trouble , and he 'll make their regular-season debut Sunday for the Browns against the New York Jets .
Garrett announced their return earlier this week on Twitter . On Sunday , he 'd like to proclaim it with a sack .
“ It 's special , ” they said about the prospect of a Game 1 sack . “ It 's like a fat guy 's touchdown . But whatever I can do to affect the game and just be a helping hand for this defence , if we can just help get a win on this field , I 'll do whatever I can , whatever that takes . ”
The Browns need a jolt of any kind , and the 6-foot-4 , 275-pound former Texas A & M star might be just what Cleveland needs to shake off another slow start .
Coach Hue Jackson said Garrett 's snaps could be limited as the team does n't want to take any extra chances with the rookie defensive end now that he 's finally healthy .
“ It is exciting , not only for myself and our coaching staff but for them and for their teammates , ” Jackson said . “ They want to get them out there playing . They know that they bring something to the table for our football team , and we are looking for any spark , opportunity . Somebody that can continue to raise the bar for our team . That is what we need . ”
Garrett may not be 100 per cent healthy , but feels ready to give it a shot .
“ Am I peak ? No , but it 's good enough for me , ” they said . “ I can move , I can run , I can bend , and if I can do that , I can be out there and I can make a difference . ”
As thrilled as the Browns are to have Garrett back , linebacker Christian Kirksey hopes expectations are kept in check .
“ We do n't want to put any pressure on any individual , ” Kirksey said . “ We are just ready to see them go out there and let it loose . I 'm excited to see them play . Personally , I told them to just go out there and have fun . Do n't feel like you have to stress coming back and trying to make a wild effect or anything like that .
“ Just do what you have been doing this whole training camp , play hard , play physical . I think they are going to play well for us just seeing them out at practice . It is good to have one of our brothers back . ”
——
For more AP NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Though they 're beloved on both sides of the Atlantic , Belle and Sebastian do n't tour in North America terribly often . Today , the group announced a handful of dates in the U.S. and Canada , including their previously announced appearance at New York City 's Panorama Festival in July . They 'll also visit Toronto , several cities in the eastern U.S. , and Los Angeles .
As documented on Instagram last fall , Belle and Sebastian have been busy recording in their native Glasgow . Details on new music are expected later in 2017 . Per a press release , fans can expect to hear a new song or two debuted live this summer . See the newly announced tour dates below ; tickets for most dates are on sale February 17 .
Belle and Sebastian , summer 2017 :
July 27 — Toronto , Ontario @ Sony Centre
July 29 — New York , New York @ Panorama Music and Arts Festival
July 30 — Columbia , [ email protected ] Post Pavilion
July 31 — Raleigh , North Carolina @ North Carolina Museum of Art
August 2 — Boston , Massachusetts @ Blue Hills Bank Pavilion
August 3 — Philadelphia , Pennsylvania @ Mann Center for Performing Arts
August 6 — Los Angeles , California @ Hollywood Bowl
The U.S. FDA on June 13 delayed indefinitely implementation of a new nutrition facts label that would enlarge calorie counts , itemize added sugar , and bring serving sizes in line with actual average portions .
The rule , which had been championed by former first lady Michelle Obama , had been scheduled to go into effect on July 26 , 2018 .
In a statement on its website , the FDA said additional time would “ provide manufacturers covered by the rule with the necessary guidance from FDA . ”
The agency did not say how much additional time companies would be given , or when it would announce the time frame , saying only it would make an announcement “ at a later time . ”
Big food lobbying groups have been pushing for months to delay the roll-out . Last month the FDA delayed by a year a rule requiring restaurants and retailers to display food calorie counts , extending the deadline for compliance from May 5 , 2017 to May 7 , 2018 .
President Donald Trump has pledged to cut FDA regulations across the board . Other regulations the FDA could revisit include the so-called tobacco “ deeming ” regulations which give the FDA the authority to regulate e-cigarettes .
In retrospect , there was a sense of finality when Beyoncé read their acceptance speech for Best Urban Contemporary Album at last night 's Grammys . Recited from a regal gold book , the monologue contained the mix of gratitude and grandiloquent social commentary you 'd typically expect an artist to reserve for , well , a win for Album of the Year .
In their career , Beyoncé has lost in the Grammys four most notable categories ( Album of the Year , Record of the Year , Song of the Year , and Best New Artist ) nearly every time she 's been in the running , so maybe they sensed Adele 's clean sweep at this year 's awards . After all , a black artist has won Album of the Year only three times in this millennium . We like to imagine Beyoncé as this goddess whose presence is a gift to us undeserving mortals . But these are the Grammys .
And so it was : Beyoncé , Jay-Z , and Blue Ivy were left in their seats as Adele and their cadre of mostly white collaborators took the stage to accept the Album of the Year . In their acceptance speech , they saved their most sincere thanks for the woman they beat : “ [ Lemonade is ] so well thought out , and so beautiful and soul-baring and we all got to see another side to you that you do n't always let us see , ” Adele said . “ And we appreciate that . And all us artists here adore you . You are our light . It was an emotionally . ”
We know Beyoncé is adored , and so , one imagines , do the Grammys . Still , neither their ascent to the top of critics lists nor their seizing of the cultural zeitgeist has resulted in recognition from the Grammys , and at this point it 's not too hard to understand why . The Academy has a habit of being diverse only to a certain extent : Black culture is given a nod as long as they do n't breach that vanilla mountaintop . As a result , peak Beyoncé has so far only been good enough for wins in the Urban Contemporary category . Beyoncé has won in those top four categories only once , when “ Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on It ) ” —a phenomenon of a song—won 2010 's Song of the Year . Below is an evaluation of their losses in non-genre categories , and whether they were deserved .
2001
Destiny 's Child 's “ Say My Name ” loses Record of the Year and Song of the Year to U2 's “ Beautiful Day ” — Bands like U2 , the Beatles , and Rolling Stones have a circle-jerking monopoly at legacy brands like the Grammys . Although the Bono-fronted band 's self-righteousness is now easy joke fodder , they were still something of a contemporary concern at the turn of the millennium , as their inclusion in several Now That 's What I Call Music ! compilations would indicate . They were also still , I suppose , “ real rock stars , ” which meant that Destiny 's Child 's deliciously demanding “ Say My Name ” did n't stand that much of a chance to the wind tunnel schmaltz of “ Beautiful Day. ” While only vainglorious heretics still deny “ Say My Name , ” we ought to retrospectively call “ Beautiful Day ” the artisanal shitstorm it was .
2004
Beyoncé and Jay-Z 's “ Crazy in Love ” lose Record of the Year to Coldplay 's “ Clocks ” — “ Crazy in Love ” brought to Beyoncé 's sound a Yankee fitted-wearing Jay-Z and brass so audaciously retro that even the singer themselves had their doubts . But the gamble worked— ” Crazy in Love ” became one of the aughts ' most acclaimed songs ( it 's the Song of the Decade , according to VH1 ) . And yet , it lost to Coldplay 's “ Clocks. ” The relationship between the two songs is equivalent to Beyoncé 's Super Bowl show last year , where Chris Martin showed up for a participation award . The Academy thought otherwise , and probably still does .
This year 's Song of the Year class also included OutKast 's ( well , Andre 3000 's ) “ Hey Ya ” and Eminem 's “ Lose Yourself ” —both epochal efforts , and both bereft of Martin 's Grammy Award-winning , hackneyed metaphors .
2008
Beyoncé 's “ Irreplaceable ” loses Song of the Year to Amy Winehouse 's “ Rehab ” — Perhaps Beyoncé 's first defensible non-genre defeat . Amy Winehouse had the retro-sheen that was catnip to voters , and they fit within the wider zeitgeist , too ( “ Rehab ” was a Top 10 hit ) . Beyoncé 's “ Irreplaceable ” coined a catchphrase in English and Spanish , but they had to take the L to the ascendant Brit . Winehouse took home five Grammys , losing the Album of the Year award to Herbie Hancock , the last black artist to win the honor .
2010
Beyoncé 's I Am…Sasha Fierce loses Album of the Year to Taylor Swift 's Fearless — Beyoncé 's worst album had their biggest hit . Out of their over 60 nominations , “ Single Ladies ( Put a Ring On It ) ” is Beyoncé 's only win in the major four categories . Bey has made greater singles , but none have achieved this level of ubiquity . “ Single Ladies ” became their last # 1 hit as well as the subject of a Saturday Night Live skit featuring Justin Timberlake—who , it 's worth noting here , still has n't apologized to Janet Jackson . But phenomenon ca n't cancel out a messy album . Fearless was the easy winner in a weak Album of the Year class ( her closest competitor ? A Dave Matthews Band album ) .
“ Halo ” loses Record of the Year to Kings of Leon 's “ Use Somebody ” — Beyoncé 's much ballyhooed “ Halo ” also lost to Kings of Leon 's “ Use Somebody ” in the Record of the Year category . That class also included the Black Eyed Peas ' “ I Got ta Feeling , ” Lady Gaga 's “ Poker Face , ” and Taylor Swift 's “ You Belong With Me , ” all far better options than either two .
2015
Beyoncé 's Self-Titled Album Loses to Beck 's Morning Phase — 25 's win stung , but this was the loss where the Grammys seemed to almost take pride in being an archaic institution . Yes , Beyoncé was clearly doomed after losing Urban Contemporary Album to Pharrell 's G I R L , but the extra shock was this pick , which was met with an indignant , resounding “ uh ? ? ? ” People love Beck , of course , but even many of their biggest fans ca n't recall a single memorable detail from Morning Phase . We remember waking up like this and misquoting Jay-Z 's D'Ussé line during that December night . Beyoncé proved the album could still be an event with that surprise , yet it was banished for its 808s .
2017
Beyoncé 's “ Formation ” and Lemonade loses to Adele 's “ Hello ” and 25 for Record of the Year , Song of the Year , and Album of the Year — Adele , who 's as white as the rest of this list 's entries , beat Beyoncé for Record of the Year , once more for Song of the Year , and—if there were any doubts about the Academy 's geriatric tastes—Album of the Year . After the Album of the Year acceptance , the Brith did a better job of paying homage to black culture than America ever did . “ What the fuck do they have to do to win album of the year ? ” they asked . Well , it is n't on Beyoncé at this point .
LONDON — Ben Duckett will not play again for the England Lions in the remainder of their training camp in Australia after they were disciplined for reportedly pouring a drink over a teammate on a night out .
It is the latest controversy in a troubled Ashes tour for England , with allrounder Ben Stokes not with the team following an altercation on a night out in England in September while Jonny Bairstow reportedly head-butted Australia batsman Cameron Bancroft in a bar at the beginning of the tour .
The England and Wales Cricket Board said Sunday that Duckett had been fined the maximum allowable amount for a player in the England Lions — the country 's second-string team .
The ECB said they also are “ suspended for playing for the rest of the current Lions Australian training camp ” and “ issued with a final written warning in respect of their conduct as an England player . ”
Duckett will remain with the Lions part in Australia and return at the end of the camp on Dec. 17 .
Reports said the opener poured a drink over James Anderson , the fast bowler who is in England 's senior squad for the Ashes .
The incident on Thursday occurred the first evening after ECB director Andrew Strauss had agreed to a relaxing of a midnight curfew imposed two weeks ago as a result of the Bairstow incident .
England trails Australia 2-0 in the Ashes series after defeats in the opening two tests . There are three tests to go .
Here is the weather forecast for Monday , January 2 .
The region is waking up to a sunny but frosty morning .
Showers and winds are possible later , but these should ease by the afternoon with the maximum temperature around 4°C .
Tonight skies will remain clear but temperatures will fall below freezing , around -2°C .
BERLIN ( AP ) — Bayern Munich 's expected re-appointment of Jupp Heynckes as coach for a fourth stint has been delayed .
News agency dpa says the club is trying to fulfill the 72-year-old Heynckes ' request for Peter Hermann to return as assistant coach .
Hermann , currently coaching at second-division club Fortuna Duesseldorf , worked with Heynckes at Bayer Leverkusen and then at Bayern when they won the Champions League , Bundesliga and German Cup treble in 2013 .
Hermann says the decision to leave Duesseldorf is `` difficult , very difficult . But I have a bond with Jupp Heynckes and I want to do them the favor . I owe them a lot and want to give them something back . ''
Heynckes has confirmed an offer from Bavaria to take over as Carlo Ancelotti 's replacement .
LEEDS United began the new year with yet another three-point haul as a Chris Wood double and Kyle Bartley header brushed aside bottom of the Championship Rotherham United 3-0 at Elland Road .
After a disappointing first half , Leeds took just two minutes to take the lead after the interval when Bartley powered home a header from a Pablo Hernandez corner .
United then doubled their lead six minutes after the hour when top scorer Wood blasted home their 15th goal of the season with a delicious volley .
And 15 goals for the campaign quickly became 16 in the 79th minute when the New Zealand international was picked out by a fine cross from Kemar Roofe and confidently slotted home their second and United 's third .
Wins for Reading and Huddersfield Town meant United stayed fifth but the thriving Whites are now only seven points behind second-placed Newcastle United who lost 1-0 at Blackburn Rovers .
Whites head coach Garry Monk named an extremely attacking line up with Chris Wood , Kemar Roofe , Pablo Hernandez , Souleymane Doukara and Hadi Sacko all starting in a 4-1-3-2 .
But it was Rotherham who went extremely close to scoring in the seventh minute from a free-kick awarded for Liam Bridcutt 's foul on Izzy Brown on the edge of the box .
Anthony Forde stepped up to take the set piece and their curling effort was tipped away by Rob Green but only into the path of Tom Adeyemi who struck the post before Leeds cleared .
The Whites survived the early scare and began to build some pressure themselves but a right flank attack through Hadi Sacko and a Pablo Hernandez corner was easily dealt with by the Millers .
United 's first proper attempt on goal then arrived in the 19th minute when Doukara fed Hernandez whose low shot from the edge of the area rolled harmlessly wide .
United continued to probe away but Rotherham looked a threat on the counter and Lee Frecklington 's heavy touch ended a potential opening from Danny Ward 's pass in the 26th minute .
Green then turned a low effort from Ward behind for a 33rd-minute corner which was cleared and the Millers then squandered a fine chance three minutes later when Brown blazed an effort over the bar after Darnell Fisher 's pass found them free in the Whites penalty box .
The returning Kyle Bartley then made a crucial tackle to deny Joe Newell on the edge of the area .
Bartley again saved the day two minutes before the break when heading a dangerous cross from Ward behind for a corner from which another dangerous delivery from Forde evaded every Millers man in the area .
Leeds were struggling to get going and Doukara 's wild effort from 25 yards that sailed high and wide was the best it got .
United were lucky to enter the half-time break level and Monk opted to bring on Ronaldo Vieira for Hadi Sacko during the interval .
And within three minutes of the restart United took the lead with when a 47th-minute corner from Hernandez was met by centre back Bartley whose powerful header beat Lewis Price all ends up and whistled into the back of the net .
The goal was harsh on Rotherham given their first half showing but the Millers were almost 2-0 down just nine minutes later .
A superb reverse pass from Hernandez released Roofe - now playing on the right wing - and Roofe 's fine low cross narrowly failed to find Wood who attempted to slide the ball in from close range .
Rotherham hit back with two half chances of their own just after the hour but Joe Mattock 's long shot was deflected wide for a corner from which Adeyemi headed weakly at Green .
But six minutes later Rotherham found themselves two goals down after a clinical close range finish from Wood .
A fine right wing delivery from Liam Bridcutt found the striker in the middle of the area and Wood beautifully controlled the ball before unleashing an unstoppable volley past Price .
Wood then almost doubled their tally five minutes later but their close range effort after fine work from Doukara was blocked .
Doukara was then substituted for Stuart Dallas with 16 minutes remaining and left the pitch to huge applause .
Rotherham then squandered another half chance when Adeyemi fired a poor shot over the bar and Leeds were then denied a third through an unlikely source in the 77th minute when Gaetano Berardi burst clear but saw their low effort cannon back off the post .
But there was no denying the Whites a third goal two minutes later when Roofe 's fine cross from the right wing found an unmarked Wood who tapped the ball home for their 16th goal of the campaign .
Wood was then substituted and left the field to a standing ovation as Marcus Antonsson was introduced in the 82nd minute .
Leeds were home and hosed but still went in search of a fourth goal and were only denied another improvement to their goal difference when a 20-yard free-kick from Hernandez clipped the post in the 89th minute .
Leeds United : Green Ayling , Jansson , Bartley , Berardi , Bridcutt , Hernandez , Sacko ( Vieira 45 ) , Roofe , Doukara ( Dallas 74 ) , Wood ( Antonsson 82 ) . Subs not used : Silvestri , Denton , Cooper , Phillips .
Rotherham United : Price ; Fisher , Broadfoot ( Wood 84 ) , Belaid , Mattock ; Forde ( Taylor 70 ) , Adeyemi , Frecklington , Newell ( Vaulks 76 ) ; Brown ; Ward . Subs not used : Bilboe , Wood , Halford , Blackstock , Odemwingie .
Referee : Stephen Martin .
Attedance : 33,397 .
* * * *
Have you downloaded the free YEP app available on Android and iphone ?
CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE ANDROID VERSION OF THE YEP 'S FREE NEWS AND SPORT APP
CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE iPHONE VERSION OF THE YEP 'S FREE NEWS AND SPORT APP
GOODYEAR , Ariz. ( AP ) — Scott Feldman wo n't compete in the World Baseball Classic for Israel , choosing instead to get ready to fill a spot in the Cincinnati Reds ' rotation .
Feldman said Tuesday that they have turned down the opportunity to pitch in the WBC . The Reds signed them on Jan. 26 to fill the spot that opened when they traded Dan Straily — their top starter last season — to the Marlins for prospects .
The 34-year-old Feldman will get $ 2.3 million on their one-year deal and can make an additional $ 2.2 million in bonuses based upon starts and $ 1.5 million for relief appearances , depending upon which role they fill . The Reds need for a starter became more acute when Homer Bailey had surgery to remove bone spurs from their pitching elbow , sidelining them into the season .
“ I was asked , but I think it 's more important for me to be here with a new team , ” Feldman said about pitching for Israel . “ You have to go somewhere where they want you . The Reds called early and it seemed like a good place to play . It is unfortunate when guys like Homer get hurt . In the meantime , someone has to step up a little bit . ”
The Reds opened last season with five starters on the disabled list , putting pressure on a bullpen that wound up being historically bad . They signed closer Drew Storen in the offseason to try to fix that issue .
Feldman has pitched for the Rangers , Cubs , Orioles , Astros and Blue Jays . They were used mostly in relief last season , making only five starts , but is getting ready to return to a starting role .
“ Starting is something I 'd like to do , ” they said .
NOTES : The Reds put Bailey on the 60-day disabled list on Tuesday . They had surgery to repair a torn tendon in their right forearm in 2014 and had Tommy John surgery the following year . They were limited to six starts last season because of setbacks during their rehabilitation . Bailey is expected to miss at least the first month of the season because of the elbow surgery . … The Reds claimed right-hander Nefi Ogando off waivers from the Pirates . Ogando made 18 relief appearances the last two seasons for the Phillies and Marlins .
Comments
comments
TAMPA , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Do you have an attic , garage or spare closet packed with old Christmas decorations that you 're ashamed for Santa to see ? With a few tweaks , you can take your old wreaths from drab to fab with a little rehab .
The owners of The Hen House in Carrollwood explain it 's easy , and inexpensive , to up-cycle a wreath .
First , trim off outdated bows and other adornments , salvaging what you can .
Next , give the wreath a good fluff and clean off any dust by dunking the wreath in a tub of water with a little Dawn dish detergent , or spray it down with a leaf-shine product for artificial plants .
Then , create an elegant bow using wired ribbon , folded into loops and secured with wire . The experts at The Hen House suggest buying spools of ribbon from Costco or Sam 's Club , rather than a craft store , to save money .
Finish your wreath with ornaments from a dollar store , or those you already have on hand . The ornaments can be easily attached using pipe cleaners .
The entire project takes under 30 minutes to complete , and can be done for under $ 10 .
If you want to try out a wreath rehab , but are nervous about going it alone , The Hen House is hosting a wreath rehab workshop on Friday , December 15 , from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. You can learn more at http : //www.thehh.com/ .
Interested in Brexit ? Add Brexit as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Brexit news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
Prime Minister Theresa May is stressing their optimism about negotiations over Britain 's departure from the European Union , insisting that a preliminary deal has given fresh impetus to the talks .
May met with their Cabinet on Monday morning before a scheduled address to the House of Commons , where they will update lawmakers on the agreement reached Friday that covers questions about citizens ' rights , Britain 's financial obligations and the Irish border . Leaders of the other 27 EU members are expected to ratify the agreement later this week , allowing Brexit talks to move on to trade and security cooperation .
`` Of course , nothing is agreed until everything is agreed , '' May said in a statement . `` But there is , I believe , a new sense of optimism now in the talks and I fully hope and expect that we will confirm the arrangements I have set out today in the European Council later this week . ''
But weekend comments by the official in charge of the talks have threatened to spoil May 's triumphant moment . In an interview with the BBC on Sunday , Brexit chief David Davis suggested that last week 's agreement was a `` statement of intent '' that was n't legally binding .
The comments caused unease in Ireland , where leaders demanded provisions in the agreement to ensure Brexit wo n't restrict travel and trade between the Republic of Ireland and the U.K. 's Northern Ireland . Officials in both parts of the island say the border must remain open to protect the Irish peace process .
The Irish government branded Davis ' comments `` bizarre '' and insisted that Britain must live up to the commitments it made last week .
Davis on Monday tried to mitigate the fallout , insisting their words had been `` completely twisted . ''
`` What I actually said yesterday ... did we want to protect the peace process , want to protect Ireland from the impact of Brexit for them , and I said this was a statement of intent which was much more than just legally enforceable , '' Davis told LBC Radio .
`` In the event that the withdrawal agreement does n't happen then we would still be seeking to maintain an invisible border between Northern Ireland and Ireland , '' they added . `` I was making the point that it was much more than just in the treaty , it 's what we want to do anyway . ''
BREAKING : Obama Has Power To FORCE Merrick Garland Onto Supreme Court
Obama excels at being a douche… and they might take a rare opportunity to even out do their own douchiness . They will have one golden moment to force Merrick Garland onto the Supreme Court . The appointment would last for only a year and Garland would not only lose their coveted seat on the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit — oftentimes dubbed the second-most powerful court in the country — they would also almost be pretty much impotent on the Court as they would not be well-received . It would also forever paint Obama 's legacy as the petulant failure that it is .
The appointment would also be exceedingly unconstitutional and would be met with aggressive legal push back . Liberals are salivating over the possibility though and Progressive scholars are urging Obama to recess appoint Judge Merrick Garland… consequences be damned . I highly doubt Obama will do this . It does n't gain them anything and will in fact , hurt them and the Democrats as a whole . But who knows ? They may be even a bigger Marxist tool than I thought .
From the Federalist Papers Project :
In the last days of the Obama administration , some liberal legal scholars have argued the president should recess appoint Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court to punish Senate Republicans . The Daily Caller explains that the Constitution 's recess appointment power allows the president to make appointments to federal offices without congressional consent while Congress is in recess ; however the appointment is only temporary , and expires at the conclusion of the ensuing Senate session . Writing at the Washington Post 's Volokh Conspiracy , professor Jonathan Adler of Case Western University School of Law explains the appointment theory , which has gained traction in left-leaning liberal circles as almost certainly unconstitutional . Although , Obama could still potentially force Judge Merrick Garland onto the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday if they truly wanted to . Here 's how it works : When Congress returns to Washington on January 3rd , the current congressional term will be gaveled out by the speaker of the house . Approximately one minute will elapse before they gavel in the 115th Congress . In those few moments the Senate will go into what 's known as an “ intersession recess , ” creating one golden moment when the president could test their recess-appointment powers by appointing Judge Garland to the Supreme court .
Obama will definitely have the power very briefly to pull this off . This theory of the recess appointment power was used once before , by President Theodore Roosevelt in 1903 , though it was repudiated by their contemporaries and never replicated by their successors . Obama would be wise to not follow in those footsteps , but they may be just arrogant enough to try it .
Garland , for their part , does not anticipate they will join the Supreme Court and plans to resume hearing cases on the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in January .
I hate theirs being on the Court of Appeals , but better there than on the Supreme Court . I guess we 'll see what Obama pulls here . He 's been trying to set America on fire on their way out of the White House door , so I would n't put it past them to do this . # MostHatedPresidentEver
Canadian helicopter crews and support personnel are headed to Mali , and while there are dangers associated with any operation they have a much better chance of avoiding casualties than do the United Nations soldiers from Africa who are being killed on the ground , says one defence analyst who has studied the mission .
Canada announced Monday it would send support personnel , two RCAF Chinook helicopters from the military base at Petawawa , Ont. , as well as four-armed Griffon helicopters to act as escorts for those larger aircraft , to Mali , a west African country that since 2013 has been dealing with insurgents and armed Islamic extremists .
And while the mission has so far been the UN 's bloodiest , “ Most ( combat ) fatalities are for African troops in vehicles hit by IEDs , ” said Walter Dorn , a professor at the Royal Military College who has just returned from Africa where they were conducting research for the UN . ( IED is a term for an improvised explosive device , or roadside bomb . )
Well-equipped western forces have a much better chance of survival , Dorn said .
The bulk of the 11,400-member force is made up of UN troops from African and Asian nations such as Bangladesh , Burkina Faso , Chad , Niger , Senegal and Togo . “ The lack of armoured personnel carriers , including mine protected vehicles , remain a major obstacle to the mission 's operations , ” warned a UN report published Dec. 26 .
Last month four UN soldiers in Mali were killed and four others wounded when their vehicle hit an IED . The day before six Malian soldiers were killed in a similar blast . In November 2017 a UN convoy was ambushed , with four soldiers killed and sixteen wounded . In September , three UN soldiers were killed and five injured after their vehicle hit an IED .
Canadian government sources say Canadian military personnel are not expected to conduct extensive travel on the country 's dangerous roadways and most will either be operating aircraft or supporting those helicopters from an airbase .
Insurgents have not shot down any UN helicopters attached to the mission , Dorn said .
But there have been four deaths as a result of helicopter crashes because of technical or mechanical issues .
In March 2015 a Dutch Apache attack helicopter crashed in northern Mali , killing its two crew members . In July 2017 a German military Tiger helicopter crashed in the north of the country , killing two on board . Issues with the helicopter 's autopilot were blamed for the incident .
Of the 164 military personnel deaths to date on the UN 's Mali mission , 71 have been the result of accidents or from illnesses , according to the Department of National Defence .
In July 2016 two Dutch soldiers assigned to the UN mission in Mali died during a training exercise when a faulty mortar round prematurely exploded . A Dutch investigation determined that stocks of old mortar rounds were being used . The older munitions had been purchased with the help of the Pentagon in a rush to supply the Dutch mission but proper safety procedures were not followed . In October 2017 , Dutch defence minister Jeanine Hennis took responsibility for the accident and resigned .
Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said Canadian Forces personnel will be given the training and equipment needed for the operation . Asked Monday about the potential for Canadian casualties , Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said the government was aware of the “ difficulties of the situation in Mali . ”
“ We have been very thoughtful , very prudent in our decision to undertake that mission and we have taken the time necessary to be careful and we intend to take the time to be thoughtful and prudent in the actual planning of the deployment , ” they said .
• Email : dpugliese @ postmedia.com | Twitter : davidpugliese
Members of the U.S. Marines will be collecting new unwrapped toys at City Council President Bernard C. “ Jack ” Young 's Annual Toys for Tots Holiday Reception on December 14th . Come and enjoy great music and delicious food while supporting a great cause . The reception is from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. RSVP in not required . Free parking is at the Baltimore Street Garage adjacent to City Hall starting at 4 p.m. For questions call Zoe Michal at 410-545-7487 .
LG POLLS : Makarfi-led Lagos PDP aligns with Labour Party
By Dapo Akinrefon
lagos—THE Senator Ahmed Makarfi-led Peoples Democratic Party , PDP , in Lagos State says it has gone into alliance with the Labour Party , LP , to contest the July 22 local government elections .
This came as the Lagos State Independent Electoral Commission ( LASIEC ) has enlisted the support of traditional rulers in the state in ensuring peace and violence-free council polls .
Addressing newsmen in Lagos , yesterday , Mr Moshood Salvador said the leadership crisis rocking the PDP made it necessary for the Makarfi camp to go into alliance with the Labour Party .
They said : “ We are all not unaware of the leadership problem rocking our party , over which we are awaiting the decision of the Supreme Court to end the crisis . This is why the party needs experienced , knowledgeable , articulate and gentleman , leadership , at all levels .
Salvador , however , appealed to “ all lovers and sympathizers of PDP in Lagos State to cast their vote for Labour PDP alliance and vote Labour Party . It is an alliance . We never decamped to any party . We never declared for another Party and we never dumped our dear PDP . We are the PDP strength in Lagos State . In this pre-electoral alliance , we have 342 Councillorship candidates and 52 Chairmanship candidates . ”
In addition , they said “ as from this very moment , I now declare that all our candidates must start pasting their posters , commence the house to house campaigns and educate electorates on the circumstance of our using Labour Party for this Council election only . ''
LASIEC seeks cooperation of monarchs
Meanwhile , LASIEC visited the palaces of leading monarchs in the State where it met with the monarchs and religious leaders on the need to have a peaceful election .
One of the LASIEC commissioners , Mrs Toyin Ibrahim-Famakinwa , who addressed the monarchs and religious leaders on behalf of the Chairman of the Commission , Justice Ayotunde Phillips ( Rtd ) , in all the palaces visited , explained that the Commission embarked on the visit to inform the monarchs and religious leaders about the forthcoming elections .
They added that the commission also sought support of the traditional rulers towards a successful conduct of the elections .
They urged traditional rulers and religious leaders to warn their subjects and followers , particularly the youths against engaging in violence before , during and after the elections .
The post LG POLLS : Makarfi-led Lagos PDP aligns with Labour Party appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Governor Bello explains why Kogi indigenes want Dino Melaye recalled from Senate
Governor of Kogi State , Yahaya Bello , on Wednesday described Senator Dino Melaye as a social deviate in the Senate . They said their constituents were in the process of recalling him , because “ they have learnt from their bitter mistake ” . They stated this while addressing State House reporters , after meeting with Acting President Yemi Osinbajo . Bello urged [ … ]
Governor Bello explains why Kogi indigenes want Dino Melaye recalled from Senate
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Look para Maldita Moda # 10 Ph : @ patricioroldan Styling : @ esteban_pomar Vestido : @ claudiomansillam Makeup : @ taopaupau para @ maccosmetics Hair : @ nssabedra Nails : @ frenchbeautychile
A post shared by Raquel Calderon Argandoña ( @ k3lcalderon ) on Aug 12 , 2017 at 9:28pm PDT
User Name Remember Me ? Password
All times are GMT -5 . The time now is 01:33 AM .
CAF : Glo congratulates Ahmad , Pinnick
National telecoms operator and passionate corporate supporter of football in Africa , Globacom has congratulated the newly inaugurated President of Confederation of African Football , Mr. Ahmad Ahmad and the President of Nigeria Football Federation , Mr. Amaju Pinnick who was recently elected as a member of CAF Executive Committee .
In a press statement in Lagos on Monday , Globacom described the victory of Ahmad as a fitting proof of their sterling leadership qualities in the world of football .
“ As a business that is highly committed to the promotion of football in Africa as evidenced in our sponsorship of CAF Awards for the past 12 years , we want to reassure you of our support in your quest to move African football forward , ” Glo said .
The company added that Ahmad 's wealth of experience will not only usher in a new era of innovation and positive change in CAF , but will also lead African Football to unprecedented heights during their tenure .
Congratulating the Nigerian Football Federation President , Globacom affirmed that African Football and indeed Nigerian Football will benefit immensely from Pinnick 's determination and wealth of administrative experience in football at the grassroots and national level .
“ This is a well-deserved elevation . It is an attestation to your hard work and dedication to the round leather game , ” Glo said in the letter .
The company prayed that God will continue to endow the two football administrators with excellent spirit , good health and divine wisdom in the discharge of their new roles in African football .
Share
This post was syndicated from The Sun News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Darknets — the often seamy counterparts of the internet that are accessible only through special programs that help to ensure privacy and anonymity — may be far more resilient to attack than the internet , a new study finds .
Darknets are computer networks of hidden services . The most popular darknet , and the one that most people think of , is the Tor network . This network has become infamous for sordid activity such as drug sales and pedophile rings , although it does have more respectable applications too , such as protecting journalists from repressive regimes and helping police carry out sting operations .
Researchers at the U.S . Naval Research Laboratory and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency originally developed the core principles of Tor in the 1990s . The aim of Tor was to protect government communications online , and the U.S. government and others continue to help fund Tor to this day . [ How Big Is the Internet , Really ? ]
The often-illegal nature of activities on the Tor network has made sites on it targets of attacks to shut them down or compromise the anonymity of its users.In a new study , scientists in Spain wanted to learn more about how this key darknet worked and how resilient it was to attacks compared to the internet .
The researchers analyzed how about 5,000 to 6,000 nodes — essentially , Web pages — in the Tor network were linked by about 275,000 to 2 million connections between 2013 and 2015 . Next , they compared these structures with how about 46,000 to 50,000 nodes in the internet were linked by about 195,000 to 221,000 connections during that same time .
The scientists noted that the internet has a backbone of hubs that are tightly connected to one another . This kind of collection of hubs is known as a `` rich club '' because it resembles groups such as Ivy League alumni organizations that help their members connect with one another . Previous research has found that similar `` rich clubs '' of neurons likely help the human brain orchestrate higher mental functions , and failures of such connections might lead to problems such as Alzheimer 's disease .
In contrast , the Tor network lacked a rich club . Basically , the internet is a centralized network that makes it easy to run and search for online services , whereas Tor is a very decentralized network .
`` The internet is designed to maximize speed and performance , whereas the darknet is designed to maximize anonymity , '' said study lead author Manlio De Domenico , a physicist at Rovira i Virgili University in Tarragona , Spain .
However , the decentralized nature of the Tor network makes it far more resilient than the internet to targeted attacks and random failures , the researchers said . In contrast , taking down members of the rich club of the internet can destabilize the whole system . For instance , they noted that the internet needed about 90 percent of its nodes to keep operating , whereas the Tor network could still operate even if a random failure knocked out 40 percent of its nodes .
`` This amount of robustness in the darknet is exciting because it is an emergent property of this system — it was not designed for this purpose , '' De Domenico told Live Science .
These findings suggest that even sophisticated attacks can only slowly dismantle a darknet , the researchers noted . `` More research will be required to understand how to better attack this type of networked system , '' De Domenico said .
De Domenico and their colleague Alex Arenas , also ofRovira i Virgili University , detailed their findings online Feb. 27 in the journal Physical Review E .
Original article on Live Science .
Editor 's Recommendations
JERUSALEM — Israeli police are scuffling with activists protesting the planned demolition of a Bedouin hamlet in the West Bank .
Police spokesperson Micky Rosenfeld says two people were arrested for throwing stones at officers in Khan al-Ahmar on Wednesday . Police could be seen dragging a handcuffed woman and pushing a Bedouin man . A construction vehicle flattened earth near the site .
The village is set to be demolished on an unknown date . Israel agreed to resettle the 180 or so residents in an area 12 kilometres ( seven miles ) away .
Israel says the structures were illegally built and pose a threat to residents because of their proximity to a highway .
Critics say it is nearly impossible to get building permits , and that the residents are being removed to clear the way for Jewish settlements .
WASHINGTON — The National Pork Producers is calling for a swift resolution of the United States-China trade dispute , paving the way for increased U.S. pork exports to the world 's largest pork-consuming nation .
According to Iowa State University Economist Dermot Hayes , U.S. pork producers have lost $ 2.2 billion since March 1 , due to events leading up to and following China 's 25 percent punitive tariffs in retaliation for U.S. tariffs on aluminum and steel .
“ U.S . pork has invested significantly to ramp production to capitalize on growth opportunities around the world , including China and other markets throughout the Asia-Pacific region , ” said Jim Heimerl , a Johnstown , Ohio pig farmer and president of the National Pork Producers Council in a released statement May 29 .
“ We hope the next round of trade talks with China results in improved market access to a critical export market for U.S. pork and other farm products . ”
Market disruption
According to Iowa States ' Hayes , since March 1 , when speculation about Chinese retaliation against U.S. pork began , hog futures have dropped by $ 18 per animal , translating to a $ 2.2 billion loss on an annualized basis .
“ While not all of this lost value can be attributed to trade friction with China , it is certainly the main factor , ” Hayes said .
Need exports
The market disruption caused by export market uncertainty comes at a time when U.S. pork is expanding production to record levels . Five new pork processing plants have recently opened or will soon begin operations , increasing U.S. pork production capacity by approximately 10 percent from 2015 levels by next year .
Exports accounted for more than $ 53 of the average $ 149 value of a hog last year . The United States has , on average , been the top global supplier of pork over the last 10 years .
“ We are dependent on exports and are one of the few sectors of the U.S. economy that can immediately reduce the trade imbalance with China , where pork represents approximately 10 percent of the consumer price index , ” Heimerl said .
The Ohio farmer said improving access to China by eliminating or reducing tariffs on frozen and chilled pork would result in “ an explosion of pork exports , contributing significantly to U.S. economic growth and reduction of the trade deficit . ”
EDMONTON — Robert Larsson , the father of Edmonton Oilers defenceman Adam Larsson , has died . They were 50 .
The elder Larsson was a defenceman in the Swedish league from 1985 to 1996 and was selected fourth overall by the Los Angeles Kings in the 1988 draft .
“ On behalf of the Oilers Entertainment Group , Oilers management , staff , players and fans , I would like to extend our deepest condolences to Adam and their family on the passing of their father Robert , ” Oilers President Peter Chiarelli said in a statement .
“ Our thoughts are with the Larsson family during this difficult time . ”
Adam Larsson did not play in Edmonton 's 4-3 home loss to the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday night .
Edmonton coach Todd McLellan said in a quote posted on the Oilers Twitter page : “ We 'll continue to support the Larsson family & give Adam all the time & help they need . ”
Sportsnet reported that Robert died while visiting their son in Edmonton .
NEW ORLEANS — More is the key word for the 2018 Essence Festival as it gears up for fans planning to descend upon New Orleans over the 4th of July holiday weekend for its 24th cultural explosion .
Michelle Ebanks , president of Essence Communications Inc. , said since the first festival was held in 1994 organizers have sought to expand the free daytime programming aimed at empowering women and men , finding solutions to problems within urban communities , and dealing with issues of health , wealth , entrepreneurship , beauty and style and technology .
“ This year , we are formalizing the branding of our daytime expo experience , ” Ebanks said . “ It 's going to be larger than ever with programming tracks in eight areas . ”
This year , the festival has asked guests to register for the daytime programming to help with crowd control and expedite entry into the experience . Here 's a link for registration : https : //essencefest2018.fishsoftware.com/register/ .
So far , Ebanks said , more than 70,000 people have registered for one of the eight conference tracks . “ We 're over the moon about that , ” they said .
Ebanks said it 's the first time in 24 years that the city 's hotel space has sold out . “ The rooms are gone . The city is sold out and there 's very little short-term rental inventory , ” they said . “ This is on track to be the largest festival experience in our history . ”
The 2017 festival drew more than 470,000 attendees to its nightly concert series inside the Superdome and the free workshops and entertainment at New Orleans ' convention centre .
Ebanks said this year they 've expanded the footprint inside the convention centre from 750,000-square-feet to 900,000-square feet . “ Our beauty and style experience has doubled , becoming an animal until itself . We 've taken over an entire hall . Our beauty and style editor , Julie Wilson , has brought in a number of influencers and partners giving us more opportunities for makeovers , fest fashion moments and game shows . There 's also an expanded beauty bungalow where people can buy a pass and get treated to an exclusive , luxurious experience . ”
In addition , Ebanks said the festival is expanding off the convention centre campus .
A variety of events will be held at the Ace Hotel and the debut of “ E-Suites ” — focused conversations with women executives and entrepreneurs — at the International House . “ Folks will be able to come and network , get informed and just learn tips and tools to develop their businesses and careers , ” Ebanks said .
The “ E-Suites ” concept , they said , will be held throughout the year in different cities attached to specific events such as Super Bowl or Oscar weekend .
For more information on the festival 's Daytime Experience visit : https : //www.essence.com/festival . Doors open at 10 a.m .
Ebanks said the Essence Festival continues to be a “ party with a purpose . ”
“ It 's been quite a journey over these 24 years , ” they said . “ We were looking over our shoulders a bit when other events similar to ours came into being . But we decided then not to focus on what anyone else was doing but to focus on Essence and what Essence is doing . And that 's working for us . We 're excited about focusing on programing that appeals to every demographic — millennials , moms , families .
“ We have tremendous momentum and believe there 's also excitement around Essence being black-owned again . We 're redoubling programs about entrepreneurs . We know that black women are the fastest group of growing entrepreneurs but they 're having the least success in sustaining business and attracting capital . This is a great networking opportunity . ”
——
DAY OF SERVICE
Essence Festival continues its tradition of giving back to the City of New Orleans with a “ Day of Service ” scheduled Thursday in the Central City neighbourhood .
Event organizers say the day will include beautification projects at a youth centre , restoration of a historic mural on one of the neighbourhood 's main streets and empowerment and entrepreneurship workshops for women and girls .
Ebanks said this event is “ such an incredible part of the festival and one we look forward to each year . ”
They encourage volunteers to join in the activities , which will also include a traditional New Orleans second-line parade with participation by Mayor LaToya Cantrell .
For a full schedule of events visit https : //festival.essence.com/festival/conference-expos/community-cul https : //festival.ess .
——
THE MUSIC
High-energy performances inside the Superdome are often associated with the festival and 2018 is no different .
Janet Jackson returns to close out the festival on Sunday , which also will see a New Jack Swing reunion featuring Teddy Riley , Blackstreet , Guy and SWV followed by a performance by Fantasia . Friday 's opening event headliners include Snoop Dogg , Erykah Badu and Jill Scott on the main stage .
On Saturday , Queen Latifah takes to the festival 's main stage for the first time , celebrating their 40th year in the industry with a “ Ladies First ” tribute including special appearances by MC Lyte , Missy Elliott , Remy Ma , Nikki D and more . Mary J. Blige is that night 's closer .
“ Fans are glad to have Janet back , ” Ebanks said . “ We 've grown up with them We 've seen their journey and we want to re-live our ‘ rhythm nation ' moment . ”
They also said fans are excited about Queen Latifah 's appearance , which comes on the heels of the movie “ Girls Trip , ” which featured four friends , who reconnected with the festival as the backdrop .
“ Our hearts broke with them when they lost their mom and for them to choose Essence as a place to celebrate their longevity and love of culture , that 's powerful . There will be a lot going on . Something for everyone . I ca n't wait ! , ” Ebanks said .
LA PAZ , Bolivia — A retired Bolivian bishop tapped by Pope Francis to be a cardinal is furiously denying suggestions that they have a wife and children and is threatening legal action .
Toribio Ticona said Wednesday that they “ has nothing to do ” with the alleged actions and said they would bring a legal complaint if the claims continue .
Francis named the 81-year-old cardinal last week . Ticona says the accusations were disproven after they first emerged in 2011 and have “ resurfaced as slander in an attempt to attack ” the pope by “ sectors that are hostile ” to the pontiff .
The accusations recently appeared in the Catholic blog “ Adelanto en la Fe ” — “ Forward in the Faith. ” It cites a 2011 complaint to local Catholic authorities that says Ticona had a family in a rural town .
LOS ANGELES — Thousands of Armenian-Americans took to the streets of Los Angeles on Tuesday to commemorate the deaths of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians under the Ottoman Empire a century ago .
The demonstrations came hours after Armenian Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan resigned following 10 days of large anti-government protests in that country .
Marchers in Los Angeles are demanding that the 1.5 million deaths starting in 1915 be recognized by Turkey as genocide . A separate protest was planned outside the Turkish Consulate in Los Angeles .
Although Armenians and many historians consider it to be genocide , Turkey — successor of the Ottoman Empire — contends those who died were victims of civil war and unrest .
Los Angeles demonstrators waving Armenian and American flags carried signs that read “ 1915 never again ” and “ Turkish denial must end . ”
“ We 're here to commemorate what happened and remember the victims but also to send a message to the Turkish government , ” said Dickran Khodanian , an organizer with the Armenian National Committee of America .
Marie Keshishian , an 18-year-old student at Glendale College , said all four of their great-great grandparents were killed in the genocide and that they were marching in their honour .
“ I 'm out here today to march for justice , to march for recognition , to march for the people — my ancestors , my great-great grandparents who lost their lives … to hopefully get more people to recognize and accept that there was a genocide , ” Keshishian said .
Andrew Antaramian , a 32-year-old Pasadena attorney , said their ancestors were able to flee Armenia safely and that they join in the marches every year .
“ It 's important to always commemorate what our ancestors have gone through because if this is not going to occur again , we have to remind the world what our people went through , ” they said .
Kim Kardashian West , one of the most famous Armenian-Americans in the U.S. , tweeted an old photo of themselves in Armenia and praised global demonstrations calling for the genocide to be recognized .
“ It 's so inspiring to see all Armenians united in peaceful protests making a difference , ” they said . “ It 's a historic day for Armenia . ”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
PARIS — Farewell , JFK . Hello , Jacques Chirac .
A French town is changing the name of a major avenue , scrapping the name of late U.S. President John Fitzgerald Kennedy to honour a French president instead .
The city council in Brive-la-Gaillarde , a town in Chirac 's former fiefdom in central France , voted late Thursday to rename the street “ Jacques and Bernadette Chirac , ” after the president who served 1995-2007 and their wife .
Mayor Frederic Soulier said the city preferred to honour a couple who did a lot for the region rather than a foreign leader .
Bernadette Chirac said in a letter published by radio network France Bleu that the initiative “ moves us a lot ” and called it a “ great honour . ”
Chirac 's name is associated with a Paris museum but it 's the first street named after him .
In a new BBC Radio 4 documentary , “ The Cult of Aphex Twin , ” the Quietus editor John Doran traces some of the myths and mystery surrounding elusive Cornwall-raised electronic musician Richard D. James , whose work Doran proposes to understand as “ a product of the Cornish myth-making tradition. ” Doran speaks to several past Aphex Twin collaborators and friends , including logo designer Paul Nicholson , musicians David Toop and Robin Rimbaud ( a.k.a . Scanner ) , and producer Vegyn—though not James himself , who seems to have given them the slip several times over the years .
If we do n't get much closer to the real Richard D. James , the audio doc is an interesting meditation on a musician whose work can be difficult to convey in text and a handy review for newer fans who may have missed years of ( often self-created ) Aphex Twin legends , such as the idea that James composed music in their sleep , or performed with a blender , or owned a tank , or perhaps a submarine . “ Very quickly it becomes difficult to separate the way you 're perceiving the music to the way you think about them as a person , ” Doran says . “ There 's an unknowability about him . ”
Listen to the new documentary here , and if you 're still curious about some of the many Aphex Twin-adjacent myths , Fact mag took a stab at debunking some of them last year .
The Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver reported last month the average benchmark price for all properties in Metro Vancouver was just below $ 1.1 million , an increase of 16 per cent since March 2017 . The average price for a detached single family home in Metro Vancouver was $ 1.6 million .
Rental vacancy rates in the areas around Vancouver , Victoria and Kelowna are below one per cent .
Cameron Muir , chief economist at the B.C . Real Estate Association , said the plan to compile data to track presale condominiums is long overdue .
`` It 's a data gap that needs to be addressed and I think this is a good move to better understand the presale condo market , '' they said , adding the legislation would force the reporting of the condo flips and allow the government to collect the tax .
Housing Minister Selina Robinson said the government also introduced amending legislation to give municipal governments stronger zoning tools to protect and improve the supply of rental properties .
The legislation would allow local governments to ensure existing rental properties can not be redeveloped for other uses , they said . It would also permit cities to ensure undeveloped land zoned for rental will be used for rental homes , said Robinson .
`` Local governments are on the front lines of this housing crisis , '' they said . `` With this new authority local governments will be able to preserve existing rental stock and encourage the development of new purpose-built rentals within their communities . ''
The amendments would require local governments to conduct housing need assessment surveys and prepare data reports every five years , Robinson said .
Muir said the hot real estate market in Metro Vancouver has deterred developers from embracing the rental construction market .
`` The profit tends to be in the condominium side , '' they said . `` Any measure to induce increased rental construction activity is probably a good one . ''
Victoria Mayor Lisa Helps said there are 10,000 rental buildings from the 1960s in Victoria that require some form of updating , including seismic work .
`` We 're definitely looking at incentives for developers , '' they said .
By Dirk Meissner , The Canadian Press
Notorious Kidnapper Evans & Their Family Never Go To Church , Never Received Visitors – Gateman Makes Their Own Confessions
Suspected kidnap kingpin , Chukwudubem George Onwuamadike aka Evans was arrested shortly after their return home last Saturday , some guards in their neighbourhood said yesterday .
Unknown to him , the neighbourhood had been surrounded by the police before their arrival .
But , before their arrest , they had started moving their personal effects from their 3 , Fred Shogboyede Street , Magodo , mansion .
A guard , Ali , who said they saw how Evans was arrested , said they were initially surprised to see so many police officers in the estate .
Ali said armed police officers in over four vehicles blocked all the roads leading to the estate .
“ Some stayed at the gate close to their house , others stayed at the end of the street and there was another group towards the street behind their house . The man came in that day in a cab and the cab was waiting for them outside .
“ But as soon as they entered , police officers surrounded the place . They opened their upper window and called Pius . They asked Pius who those people were and Pius told them they were police officers and they were looking for him .
“ Then , they locked the window and stayed there . As of then , we did n't know what was happening . We thought that maybe they were just looking for them until we saw the police officers drag them out in handcuffs . They also took Pius with them . ”
It was gathered that they had not been to the house for sometime before the police busted their gang .
According to some guards , the mansion and another at 96 , Emmanuel Keshi Street , also in Magodo , were built less than a year ago .
The houses were locked when The Nation called yesterday .
But , a woman was seen locking the Emmanuel Keshi mansion gate when they left the house .
The guards , who claimed they were friends of Evans ' gateman , Pius , said the suspect neither received visitors nor mixed with neighbours .
They said they usually paid their utility and other estate dues “ promptly ” , adding that their gateman and chef earned N20,000 each monthlies .
According to them , Evans and their family never went to church . They said the only person allowed to go to church was Pius .
One of the guards , who gave their name as John , said : “ I have been working in this estate for more than one year . This house is new . It was built last year . The man bought it and remodelled it . They changed a lot of things in the house .
“ He does n't talk to people . They do n't attend estate meetings but they pay their dues . I have n't seen visitors enter there . They were living in the house with their family and they had a woman cook . Their security man is Pius , our brother from Kaduna . They told us the man has four wives and that none of them knew the other .
“ Pius was arrested by the police that day ( Saturday ) . The man does n't go to church and I never saw their family go to church . Pius told us they were the only one who usually went to church in the house . They said their salary was N20,000 per month .
“ We noticed the man started moving out about a month ago . Pius also said it during our discussion that their employer was moving out . The man stopped coming to the estate in their car . Sometimes they came on a power bike , other times , a cab . ”
The post Notorious Kidnapper Evans & Their Family Never Go To Church , Never Received Visitors – Gateman Makes Their Own Confessions appeared first on Ngyab .
This post was syndicated from Ngyab . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo : Spurs full-back Kyle Walker-Peters signs new contract
We are delighted to announce that Kyle Walker-Peters has signed a new contract with the Club until 2019. pic.twitter.com/zInIQwmLFz — Tottenham Hotspur ( @ SpursOfficial ) February 14 , 2017
Tottenham Hotspur have announced that defender Kyle Walker-Peters has signed a new contract with them .
The 19-year-old , who is not to be confused with first-team right-back and near-namesake Kyle Walker , has put pen to paper on a deal running until June 2019 . Their previous deal was due to expire in June 2018 , so the new contract amounts to a one-year extension with improved turns .
Walker-Peters is yet to make their senior debut for Spurs , but has appeared regularly at under-21 and under-23 level .
They posed for a photo with head coach Mauricio Pochettino at the club 's Hotspur Way training ground after the deal was announced .
( Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP , File ) . FILE - In this March 23 , 2018 file photo , John Goodman , left , and Roseanne Barr arrive at the Los Angeles premiere of `` Roseanne '' in Burbank , Calif. ABC has cancelled its hit reboot of “ Roseanne ” following ...
( Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP , File ) . FILE - In this March 23 , 2018 file photo , from left , Whitney Cummings , Michael Fishman , John Goodman , Jayden Rey , Roseanne Barr , Sara Gilbert , Sarah Chalke and Emma Kenney arrive at the Los Angeles premiere ...
( Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP , File ) . FILE - In this March 23 , 2018 , file photo , Roseanne Barr arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of `` Roseanne '' on Friday in Burbank , Calif. Barr has apologized for suggesting that former White House adviser Val ...
( Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP , File ) . FILE - In this Jan. 8 , 2018 , file photo , Roseanne Barr participates in the `` Roseanne '' panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena , Calif. ABC canceled its hit r ...
By DAVID BAUDER
AP Media Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - An old picture of Roseanne Barr dressed as Adolf Hitler , wearing a swastika and pulling burnt cookies from an oven , splashed on the front of the New York Daily News Wednesday like a neon sign asking ABC executives : What were you thinking ?
Given Barr 's past incidents of bad behavior and questionable social media posts , ABC faced questions Wednesday about why it went back into business with them before it all blew apart . ABC canceled its successful reboot of `` Roseanne '' on Tuesday following the star 's racist tweet likening former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett to a cross between the Muslim Brotherhood and a `` Planet of the Apes '' actor .
Barr continued tweeting on Wednesday , at one point saying the offending tweet was composed at 2 a.m. after they took the insomnia drug Ambien . That led the drugmaker Sanofi to say on social media that `` racism is not a known side effect '' of their product .
President Donald Trump , noting in a tweet that Robert Iger , CEO of ABC 's parent Walt Disney Co. , had called Jarrett to apologize , wondered why ABC had n't apologized for `` HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC . ''
On social media , Barr wrote that what they said was indefensible , then retweeted several statements others made supporting them They apologized to those who had lost their jobs because of their action , but also condemned cast members who threw them under the bus , in their words .
`` I 'm not a racist , I never was & I never will be , '' they wrote Wednesday . `` One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities , against networks , studios , at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER be taken from me . ''
Yet many saw a disturbing pattern being followed instead of a joke . Questionable actions date back to a cringe-worthy , crotch-grabbing rendition of the national anthem in 1990 ; a claim , later recanted , that they were an incest survivor ; and the 2009 picture reprinted on the Daily News . Them social media past includes a racist tweet about former national security adviser Susan Rice and support for conspiracy theories like `` pizzagate . '' On the same night as their Jarrett tweet , they posted a false claim about Chelsea Clinton that Clinton refuted .
ABC executives were not discussing their thought processes on Wednesday . It 's clear , though , that Barr 's social media habits were a sore point . They told USA Today earlier this year that `` I had to get off social media because everybody 's mad at me . '' In an Adweek article published only 10 days ago , they promised only to talk about what she 's for , and not what she 's against , when tweeting .
`` Roseanne has said themselves that they do not want what they say to overshadow the show in any way , and I do hope that they will continue to be thoughtful about what they share on social media going forward , '' ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey said in the same article .
Was ABC 's gamble worth the risk to its reputation ?
Opinion writer Roxane Gay wrote in The New York Times Wednesday that ABC did the right in canceling `` Roseanne . '' '' But before it did the right thing , it did the wrong thing , '' they wrote .
`` Everyone involved made a decision to support the show despite its co-creator 's racism , '' Gay wrote . `` They decided that their career ambitions , or desire to return to network television , or financial interests would best be served by looking the other way . It was only when Ms. Barr became an immediate liability that everyone involved finally looked at their racism and dealt with it directly . ''
ABC executives talked shortly after the 2016 election about a need to have more on the network schedule to reflect the point of view that got Trump elected . When Sara Gilbert began rounding up the old `` Roseanne '' cast for a reunion in early 2017 , ABC fought Netflix for the rights to show it . The network - indeed all broadcast television - needed some successful comedies .
The rebooted `` Roseanne , '' where Barr played a Trump supporter , worked beyond anyone 's dreams - logging 25 million viewers for its premiere in March and settling in as television 's second most popular comedy after `` The Big Bang Theory . ''
`` I tend to be pretty forgiving to people who feel they can get a good show out there and keep the star in check , and you usually can , because a lot of stars can be problematic , '' said Garth Ancier , a veteran television executive who ran entertainment programming at Fox , NBC and the WB networks .
`` I think it was a reasonable bet to take , and it worked until it did n't , '' Ancier said .
Ted Harbert knows better than most what Dungey and their boss , Ben Sherwood , went through . They were ABC 's top programming executive during the first run of `` Roseanne '' in the 1990s . Barr was their headache then ; they recalled having to go to their home where they were holed up with Tom Arnold for a few weeks and refusing to work in 1994 , and coax them out .
`` This is a person who , left to their own devices , is not totally in control , '' Harbert said . They have the temperament , and the tendency to go to dark places , that fuels many artists , they said .
Social media complicates the efforts of networks to keep stars working and things running smoothly , they said .
`` How do you stop someone who does something like this in the middle of the night ? '' they said . `` She blows up their own life and that of all those around her . ''
If they were in Dungey 's position when the rebooted `` Roseanne '' was being considered - mindful that their job is to produce hits , or it wo n't be their job much longer - Harbert said they probably would have taken several meetings with Barr to figure out how they were doing . They probably would have made the same decision ABC made , they said .
Both former executives praised ABC for moving swiftly when presented with Barr 's tweet . Ancier said ABC probably had a plan in place for that eventuality , given how quickly the show was erased from network web sites .
`` A lot of comics say terrible things , '' Harbert said . `` As long as they make us laugh , it 's easy to forgive . What Roseanne said was not funny . ''
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
SYRACUSE , N.Y. — It was raining 3s inside the Carrier Dome on Saturday but Syracuse managed to hold off its Upstate New York neighbour , Colgate , for the 52nd consecutive time , tying the all-time record for most consecutive wins against one opponent .
The Raiders ( 3-6 ) hung tough against the taller , more athletic Orange ( 8-1 ) by hitting 14 3s and drew within six points in the second half , but Syracuse pulled away for a 72-58 win .
Tyus Battle scored 24 points , 15 in the first half , Oshae Brissett added a career-high 20 and Frank Howard chipped in with 18 for Syracuse , which shot 52 per cent from the field , including 18-of-29 from inside the 3-point line . It was the third straight game in which Battle has scored 20 or more points , and sixth in Syracuse 's nine games .
Jack Ferguson had six 3s and a career-high 20 points to lead the Raiders . Jordan Swopshire had 13 and Will Rayman 12 .
Syracuse dominated inside , outscoring the smaller Raiders 28-10 in the paint .
“ Obviously some of our guys who can make those shots ( 3-pointers ) are smaller , which gives us a defensive problem on the other end of the court , ” said Colgate coach Matt Langel . “ They got a couple too many easy baskets in the paint and their big three made some timely shots that did n't allow us to get as close as we would 've liked . ”
A 3-pointer by Ferguson made it 43-37 Syracuse , but a floater by Brissett and layup by Marek Dolezaj gave the Orange some breathing room the rest of the way .
“ In the second half we were better offensively , then we got a little stagnant defensively and those guys can shoot , they all can shoot . They 're a team that has four perimeter guys that all can shoot , ” Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim said .
“ They had a great game plan , ” Howard said . “ They overloaded one side , went to the ball screen , made our bigs move a lot , so they had that corner 3 or that wing 3 a lot . Kudos to them . They played great . They kept themselves in the game the whole time . ”
Syracuse has struggled defending the 3-pointer , allowing opponents to shoot 34.5 per cent . Colgate entered Saturday 's game hitting at a 40 per cent clip from beyond the arc .
“ It 's harder to win when you have four shooters around the perimeter , ” Brissett said . “ You close out one guy and then someone is open in the corner so we just have to move faster on that . It 's something we have to work . ”
With finals coming up and a week off until their next game , the Orange have lots to time to work on that aspect of their game .
“ We have a lot of work to do , ” Boeheim said .
The Raiders held an early 5-3 lead but the Orange reeled off 10 straight points to take a 13-5 lead and never trailed the rest of the way . Syracuse led 38-26 at the intermission .
Battle scored 15 first-half points . Howard and Brissett chipped in with nine and seven points , respectively . Syracuse hit a sizzling 15-of-26 from the field and 5-of-12 from beyond the arc in the first 20 minutes .
BIG PICTURE :
Colgate : The Raiders , out of their league against Syracuse , should be able to get their act together Tuesday .
Syracuse : The Orange can bask in its excellent start for a full week before meeting old Big East foe Georgetown . The week off should give backup centre Bourama Sidibe time to heal a sprained right ankle . Marek Dolezaj held the fort against UConn and Colgate but Sidibe , a first-year student , has emerged as a reliable backup to starter Paschal Chukwu .
THESE TURNOVERS ARE N'T TASTY :
Frank Howard followed up a nine-turnover outing against UConn on Tuesday with five more against Colgate .
BAD THINGS COME IN 3s :
Freshman Oshae Brissett is 3-of-19-from beyond the arc in their last four games .
UP NEXT :
Colgate has a home matchup Tuesday against NJIT .
Syracuse has a week off until Saturday when it goes on the road to face former Big East rival Georgetown .
MIAMI ( AP ) — Marcell Ozuna homered to start the Miami Marlins ' comeback from an early four-run deficit , and they beat the Oakland Athletics 11-6 Wednesday to complete a two-game sweep .
Ozuna hit their 17th home run to start the second inning , added a double and had three RBIs . Tyler Moore hit their fifth homer and scored three times to help the Marlins overcome a wobbly outing by Edinson Volquez , who had a no-hitter in their most recent home start .
Ichiro Suzuki had a pinch-hit single in the fifth for their 365th interleague hit , breaking Derek Jeter 's major league record .
Ryon Healy hit a three-run homer for the Athletics ( 27-38 ) , who fell to 11 games below .500 for the first time . They went 1-5 on their trip and lost their ninth consecutive road series , their longest such streak since 1986 .
Oakland lost after leading by three or more runs three times on the trip . Daniel Gossett ( 0-1 ) could n't hold a 4-0 lead in their major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Nashville , and allowed seven runs , six earned , in 3 1-3 innings .
Volquez lasted only four innings and gave up four hits , four walks and five runs , four earned .
Kyle Barraclough ( 2-1 ) , the first of six Miami relievers , pitched a scoreless fifth .
PITCHER HITTING
Gossett reached in the fourth on an infield single , their first major league hit and the first by Athletics pitchers in their past 27 at-bats over two seasons . They then scored on Jed Lowrie 's double to put Oakland ahead 5-4 .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Oakland : RF Matt Joyce left in the third , one inning after they cut their chin colliding with first baseman Yonder Alonso pursuing a popup , which Alonso caught .
Miami : LHP Braxton Garrett , the Marlins ' top prospect , will receive a second opinion on their sore left elbow next week from specialist Dr. James Andrews . Garrett has been diagnosed with a partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament and could require Tommy John surgery .
ROSTER MOVE
To make room on the roster for Gossett , 1B-OF Matt Olson was optioned to Nashville .
DRAFT PICK
The Marlins took the brother of Chicago Bears tight end Dion Sims in the 14th round of the draft . Demetrius Sims is a shortstop at Bethune-Cookman .
UP NEXT
Miami : The Marlins hit the road after winning for the 10th time in their past 12 home games . They begin a three-game series at Atlanta on Friday , when RHP Dan Straily ( 4-4 , 3.89 ) will pitch against LHP Sean Newcomb ( 0-1 , 0.00 ) .
Oakland : The 's return home for a four-game series against the Yankees beginning Thursday , when RHP Sonny Gray ( 2-2 , 4.37 ) will face LHP Jordan Montgomery ( 4-4 , 3.55 ) .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
PHILADELPHIA -- When Michael Bennett was in Orlando for the Pro Bowl earlier this year , they were still wearing a Seahawks helmet when they took it upon themselves to trash talk then-Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith .
The message : You ca n't run , you ca n't hide .
Bennett , a defensive end , had no idea at the time that by the 2018 season , Bennett would be playing in the NFC East , facing off with Smith twice per year .
In January , Smith was acquired by the Washington Redskins . Earlier this month , the Eagles traded a fifth-round pick and receiver Marcus Johnson to bring Bennett into the fold and enhance an already elite defensive line .
Now , Bennett will be coming for Smith at least twice this season . That goes for Giants quarterback Eli Manning and Cowboys ' Dak Prescott .
Monday , Bennett spoke to the media for the first time since the trade at the NovaCare Complex , and in less than 10 minutes of talking Bennett already took it upon themselves to call out the rest of the NFC East 's crew of starting quarterbacks .
NFL free agents 2018 : What Eagles are gaining , losing with each off-season transaction
Bennett thinks they 're already worried about their arrival .
`` I know Eli Manning is probably watching this thinking : 'he 's coming ' , '' Bennett said . `` I know Dak is watching this like 'yeah he 's coming . ' Alex Smith , they know they ca n't run from me . I told them at the Pro Bowl .
`` It 's definitely going to be a great season and it 's going to be fun to be out here and be able to chase quarterbacks . ''
Bennett comes to the Eagles as one of the most productive pass-rushing defensive ends in the NFL . They amassed 39 sacks in five seasons with the Seahawks and 54 total in nine seasons overall . Bennett was a Pro Bowler for the third straight season in 2017 after getting 8.5 sacks and finishing seventh in the league , per Pro Football Focus , with 70 total pressures , which accounts for sacks , hurries and quarterback hits .
Bennett will join an Eagles unit that includes defensive end Brandon Graham , Derek Barnett and defensive tackles Fletcher Cox , Tim Jernigan and Haloti Ngata . The Eagles also released defensive end Vinny Curry , who signed with the Buccaneers .
Bennett said they are looking forward to the opportunity to play with this group .
`` I had so many great players around me who were some of the best players to ever play '' in Seattle , Bennett said . `` So here this defense is just another opportunity to line up on tight ends . Honestly , I do n't think there 's a tight end in the NFL that can block me . ''
Zack Rosenblatt may be reached at zsr1090 @ gmail.com . Follow them on Twitter @ ZackBlatt . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
MONTREAL — On Monday , the one-year anniversary of the Quebec City mosque attack that killed six worshippers , the province 's largest labour federation posted a simple message of commemoration on its Facebook page . “ Today we remember and say no to hate , ” it wrote above a photo of a candlelight vigil .
It seemed innocuous , but it sparked a deluge of replies unlike anything the Fédération des travailleurs du Québec 's social-media manager had seen before . The Muslim victims had got what they deserved , one commenter wrote . They had failed to integrate and adopt Quebec customs , another wrote . Another attacked Islam as a sexist religion responsible for thousands of deaths .
“ Yesterday was a particularly sad day on the FTQ Facebook page , ” the federation wrote in a follow-up message , lamenting the fact that “ a large number of hateful people ” had chosen to sully the memory of the victims .
“ We had to delete a significant number of hateful and violent comments . Have we come to this point in Quebec ? ”
In the immediate aftermath of the Jan. 29 , 2017 massacre , it was expected the event would provoke a moment of reckoning in Quebec , a message to leaders and commentators that it was dangerous to constantly put the religious practices of one minority under the microscope . “ Words matter … Words can hurt . Words can be knives slashing at people 's consciousness , ” Premier Philippe Couillard said two days after the killings .
A year later , however , the FTQ is not alone in asking what progress Quebec has made . While the anniversary prompted an outpouring of sympathy from many , it was tempered by defensiveness — if not outright hostility — from others .
Polling by Léger for the Association for Canadian Studies found that Quebecer 's attitudes toward Muslims improved dramatically immediately after the massacre . In March 2017 , 50 per cent of Quebecers said they had a positive view of Muslims , compared with 42 per cent who held negative views . By December , the trend had reversed , with 48 per cent replying positive and 43 per cent negative . ( Nationally , 57 per cent of respondents held positive views of Muslims and 32 per cent negative . )
Boufeldja Benabdallah , co-founder and vice-president of the Islamic Cultural Centre where the six men were killed , said the anniversary has stirred a mix of emotions in the city 's Muslim community . “ Over the past year , we have felt empathy from people , but at the same time there is a very disappointing , very dangerous trend — an increase in insults , threats , etc .
“ It comes from a minority that has the loudest voice . ”
They were referring to anti-Muslim extremist groups that have become more visible and more vocal in Quebec in the year since the massacre . In a speech to the crowd gathered at Monday 's Quebec City memorial , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau singled out one of those groups , La Meute , or the wolf pack . Trudeau ridiculed the group 's members as racist “ bozos who walk around with a dog 's paw on their T-shirt . ”
But instead of putting La Meute in its place , Trudeau themselves came under attack for invoking the far right . Conservative MP Pierre Paul-Hus , who represents a Quebec City riding , said the remarks were disrespectful and unbecoming of a prime minister . “ Why did they feel the need to speak about these people ? ” Paul-Hus asked . Fellow Quebec City Conservative MP Gérard Deltell accused Trudeau of playing politics . “ Monday night was n't the time , ” they said . Bloc Québécois leader Martine Ouellet said Trudeau used Monday 's ceremony to cast blame on Quebecers . “ An isolated act is in no way representative of what is happening in Quebec society , ” they said .
La Meute spokesperson Sylvain Brouillette made the rounds of Quebec City media , expressing their displeasure with Trudeau and defending La Meute 's members as people who stick up for Quebec values and heritage . Brouillette got an unanticipated assist from Pierre Karl Péladeau , the CEO of Québecor and former Parti Québécois leader . Péladeau , who has expressed an interest in returning to politics , wrote repeatedly on Twitter that Trudeau is the real “ bozo. ” It was a theme taken up by a cartoonist and columnist in Quebecor 's Journal de Québec newspaper . “ Who 's a bozo , Mr. Trudeau ? ” read the headline over a Jan. 30 Sophie Durocher column . They took offense that Trudeau directed the “ bozo ” slur at “ Canadian citizens who , barring evidence to the contrary , have committed no crimes . ”
Trudeau 's speech addressed head-on a subject that many provincial politicians had been tiptoeing around : Islamophobia . “ We are all afraid sometimes . We are afraid of the unknown . We are afraid of the foreigner , ” they said . “ We have to rise above that , my friends . We have to recognize our own weaknesses , our own fears . We can not pretend that it does n't exist . ”
But the existence of Islamophobia had in fact been a topic of intense debate .
It 's very hard to address it when you 're turning the victims of the prejudice into people who are somehow engaged in victimization of the majority population
At the beginning of January , national Muslim groups , including the Quebec City Islamic Cultural Centre , wrote to Trudeau asking their government to designate Jan. 29 as a national day of remembrance and action on Islamophobia .
“ With the rise of far-right extremist groups that continue to threaten the safety of Canadian Muslim institutions and congregations , it is critical that our elected leaders stand firmly against Islamophobia and the agents of bigotry who aim to foment hateful division between Canadians and their fellow Muslim citizens , ” they wrote . “ We must not allow voices of hate , even ones that may initially appear to be on the margins , to permeate our public discourse and damage our social fabric . ”
In Quebec , the request was a red flag waved in front of politicians . “ If they want to fight against Islamophobia , that means they think Quebecers are Islamophobic , and we do n't agree with that , ” said Eric Caire of the opposition Coalition Avenir Québec , which currently leads in opinion polls . The PQ 's Agnès Maltais said Islamophobia is a “ loaded ” word . “ I think we have debated enough the divisions around the presence of religion in Quebec , ” they told Le Devoir . Liberal Premier Philippe Couillard hesitated but eventually came out against the idea , saying they did not want to single out one form of racism .
There had also been a backlash from the mother of a Quebec City woman whose daughter was among six Quebecers killed in 2016 by Islamist jihadis in Burkina Faso . They had been in the African nation doing humanitarian work . “ I am part of a family who lost six people that we loved and appreciated and who were killed by Islamists , ” Camille Carrier wrote in a January Facebook post opposing the idea of an annual day commemorating the mosque victims . “ Other Quebecers died right here . And nobody here asked for a day commemorating these events , ” they wrote , as reported in the Journal de Québec .
When the city last month announced its plans to mark the Jan. 29 anniversary , it said it would be commissioning two works of public art – one in memory of the mosque victims and another in honour of the people killed in Burkina Faso .
Benabdallah said the debate was evidence that a year after the killings of Mamadou Tanou Barry , Ibrahima Barry , Khaled Belkacemi , Abdelkrim Hassane , Azzeddine Soufiane and Aboubaker Thabti , political considerations remain paramount .
“ If they had used this time of commemoration to stand together , they would have elevated the debate , and people would have seen politicians rallying together because they want a better future for the country rather than dividing it , ” they said .
Maybe , they acknowledged , the proposal could have been improved . “ But instead they reject it , and say , ‘ These Muslims want to have their day because they are calling us all Islamophobes . ' ”
Jack Jedwab , president of the Association for Canadian Studies , said Quebec 's eternal debate over restricting religious symbols – as seen last year with legislation banning niqab-wearing women from receiving public services – contributes to negative sentiment toward Muslims .
They said it is “ bizarre ” how the tables have been turned against a community that suffered an unprecedented attack last year and continues to suffer prejudice . “ There 's this view that , ‘ We 're the victims of this debate about Islamophobia because it 's targeting us , the majority , as the ones who are holding such sentiments , ' ” they said . “ It 's very hard to address it when you 're turning the victims of the prejudice into people who are somehow engaged in victimization of the majority population . ”
• Email : ghamilton @ nationalpost.com | Twitter : grayhamilton
The Electoral Commission is facing difficult questions this morning after it emerged they are to find Vote Leave guilty of breaking electoral law despite refusing to hear evidence that would have disproved the central claims . BeLeave 's Darren Grimes , who was 22 at the time , is expecting to be fined £20,000 for filling in their forms wrongly . The Commission failed to interview a single senior Vote Leave staff member during its investigation , or at any point in the last two years . They heard evidence from the discredited whistleblowers making the allegations , yet did n't allow Vote Leave figures to defend themselves against the claims , despite multiple attempts from Vote Leave officials to meet the Commission and provide evidence . This is a real breach of natural justice – whatever you think of Brexit and the merits of the case , is it justice if the Electoral Commission find someone guilty of a criminal offence without allowing them to give a defence ?
It gets worse , the Electoral Commission 's failure to discuss any of their accusations with Vote Leave means that many of them are just factually incorrect . The central finding was reached because the Commission wrongly claimed that a bombshell email from Dominic Cummings to donor Anthony Clake proved that Vote Leave were raising donations for BeLeave with the intention of obliging the latter to spend that money on AIQ . They missed evidence from other internal emails that BeLeave had in fact requested money to spend on AIQ weeks before . So the Electoral Commission 's bombshell email… is n't .
The Commission claims that BeLeave 's messaging was controlled by Vote Leave , yet they again refused to speak to anyone from Vote Leave to challenge that assertion . They even ignored evidence from the whistleblowers themselves that the messaging was in fact controlled by BeLeave . This point just looks nakedly partisan from the Electoral Commission – even Carole Cadwalladr does n't make this claim .
There are basic factual errors , the Commission claimed BeLeave was established in May 2016 , it was in fact established and was active for many months before . The Commission 's own former retained barrister , Tim Straker QC , has noted that their continual mistakes amount to “ an error in law ” .
This is all without mentioning the Electoral Commission 's refusal to investigate the wealth of evidence that the Remain campaign colluded on a much greater scale . Guido can understand why Remain campaigners want to do in Vote Leave and overturn Brexit , but this stitch up from the Electoral Commission is objectively not justice…
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY , Fla. ( WFLA ) —Nahshon Shannon is accused of the unthinkable—killing their own child .
The 37-year-old Riverview man was charged in the death of their 13-year-old daughter Janessa .
Janessa was first reported missing on July 3 . Them body was later discovered in southeastern Hillsborough County in a remote area of Triple Creek Nature Preserve .
Friday morning , Shannon was scheduled to appear in front of a Hillsborough County judge to formally hear the charges against him .
The procedure , which is a routine part of the justice system , allows defendants to know what they 're charged with and ensures they have an attorney assigned to their case . But Friday morning was not routine .
A Hillsborough County deputy informed the judge that Shannon would n't come out and was refusing to have an attorney appointed for him .
The judge asked deputies to bring Shannon out anyway and when they did , they informed them they are charged with first-degree murder .
In Shannon 's Riverview neighborhood , people who know them are shocked by the news .
They describe Shannon as a nice man who never made any problems in the neighborhood .
Janessa 's mother tells a different story .
They are outraged that they asked for their daughter 's return when they were first reported missing because Michelle Mosley believes that Shannon knew all along what happened to Janessa .
“ The sad thing about it is , they looked up to him , like , they loved their father . To her , they could do no wrong , ” said Mosley .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
It does n't look as though Kellyn Acosta will be leaving MLS this summer .
The FC Dallas and US national team midfielder has been the subject of transfer rumors in recent months , reportedly drawing the attention of German club Schalke and Belgian side Anderlecht in April . But FC Dallas president Dan Hunt told MLSsoccer.com on Monday that the club has not received any formal offers for Acosta this summer .
Barring a big offer coming their way before the European transfer window closes in the next couple of weeks , the FCD academy product will remain with their hometown club at least through the end of the current campaign .
“ We have not received any formal offers , ” Hunt said . “ You hear rumors , but we hear rumors about a number of our players all the time . No club has submitted an offer for him . We continue to hear the rumors , and I guarantee everyone 's probably heard as many as we have , and we 'll address this in the offseason when the time is right . ”
“ It would probably be fair to say [ that he 'll stay through the season ] , ” they added .
The 22-year-old caused a minor stir on July 30 when they told MLSsoccer.com that , if they were to move to Europe , he 'd prefer to be transferred this summer as opposed to moving next January .
“ Any window is a possibility , ” they said ahead of the MLS All-Star Game . “ Ideally if I were to move , I would want to move during this window because this is the preseason for them rather than the winter when I 'm winding down my season as well as jumping in the middle of their season . So I mean , ideally , now would be the time , but when the time comes , the time comes . ”
Acosta , who signed with FC Dallas in July 2012 at the age of 16 , has played a major role for the club over the last two seasons . They recorded two goals and five assists in 32 regular season appearances to help FCD win the Supporters ' Shield and US Open Cup in 2016 and has three goals and two assists in 15 MLS matches this season .
The Plano , Texas native has also become a large part of the US national team this year , going the full 90 in the USA 's 1-1 draw at Mexico in World Cup qualifying action in June and playing in five of the team 's six matches en route to the Gold Cup title in July .
If FC Dallas make a run to their first MLS Cup appearance since 2010 this fall , Acosta will no doubt play a large role . Hunt said as much on Monday , but also acknowledged that the central midfielder – who is under contract with FCD through 2019 – will continue to be the object of transfer interest .
“ Kellyn is a player who 's garnered global interest , ” they said . “ We 're proud of him . He 's definitely one of the favorite sons of this club , as all of our Homegrowns are , frankly .
`` This is a young man that we 've watched grow up here . We want Kellyn to be successful , but summer transfer windows are very difficult on teams , so I think that would be hard for this club to deal with , especially because we are looking to win a championship here this year and he 's a key piece for that . ”
Scary headlines proclaim the return of the killer bacterial infection . Watch the video to hear what an infectious disease expert has to say .
MINNEAPOLIS — The Super Bowl still a day away , the Minnesota Timberwolves were the hot ticket in town — and not because there was n't anything else to do on a frigid Saturday night .
While Wolves teams of previous seasons did n't give the home crowd much to cheer about , this season 's squad gave the celebrities in town for Sunday 's football game a taste of what has the local fans excited .
Jimmy Butler scored 30 points , Karl-Anthony Towns had 22 points and 16 rebounds for their league-leading 47th double-double , and Minnesota beat the New Orleans Pelicans 118-107 .
With the likes of Floyd Mayweather , Sting , Guy Fieri and others in the crowd , the Wolves jumped to an early 16-point lead and had an answer for every New Orleans run en route to their 12th straight home win , and a four-game season sweep of the Pelicans .
“ Obviously we did n't want to disappoint any celebrities coming in , ” Towns said .
They did n't disappoint the regular fans either . The home winning streak is Minnesota 's longest in a single season since a 14-game streak in 2003-04 .
“ I just think that we want to make it tough to win here , ” Butler said . “ We make shots here , that 's for sure , but we actually guard a lot better more on our home floor . And you know when you guard , you get a lot of easy points in transition and the result of that is wins . ”
Anthony Davis led New Orleans with 38 points and managed to keep the Pelicans from getting completely blown out in the first quarter , when the Wolves opened a 22-6 lead . Davis scored 19 first-quarter points to help the Pelicans pull within single digits at times , but Minnesota shot 50.5 per cent on the night to steadily maintain its lead .
“ You ca n't play uphill the entire game , ” Pelicans coach Alvin Gentry said .
Nikola Mirotic scored 18 points on 6-of-13 shooting in their first game for New Orleans since being traded from Chicago on Thursday for Omer Asik , Tony Allen and Jameer Nelson . Mirotic hit back-to-back 3-pointers in the third to pull the Pelicans to 90-79 before Towns closed the quarter with a three-point play and a dunk .
Tyus Jones had 15 points off the bench for the Wolves . Andrew Wiggins had 15 points for Minnesota and Taj Gibson added 12 .
“ The game was fairly close , for the most part , after that first quarter , ” Davis said . “ We just got off to a slow start and gave those guys whatever they wanted in those first couple minutes . ”
TIP-INS
Pelicans : The team gave Emeka Okafor another shot at the NBA by signing the veteran forward to a 10-day contract . Okafor last played in the NBA in 2013 before being sidelined by a neck injury . He 's played 26 games in the G League this year , averaging 6.8 points and eight rebounds per game . “ Obviously it 's a never-give-up attitude to get your way back to where they are right now , and so it 's just a matter of them being able to perform and stay at this level , ” Gentry said . Okafor was available but did n't play .
Timberwolves : Coach Tom Thibodeau had no comment on recent ESPN reports that Shabazz Muhammad has requested a trade . “ I did n't see it , ” said Thibodeau , who is also the team 's president of basketball operations .
STARRY NIGHT
The crowd enjoyed a Wolves mascot interaction with Mayweather on the scoreboard . Some of the other faces spotted in the crowd included Shaggy , Antonio Brown and Tony Gonzalez . It was the second game in a week that the crowd included famous faces . “ It 's very different , ” Towns said . “ It 's amazing what the Super Bowl brings to Minnesota . ”
READY OR NOT
Mirotic did n't get much time to prep for their first game with their new teammates , who played the second night of a back-to-back . They said they met with coaches and watched film in the morning , and the team did n't hold its typical shootaround . “ It was helpful and those guys make it very simple for me tonight , ” Mirotic said .
UP NEXT
Pelicans : Host Utah on Monday night .
Timberwolves : At Cleveland on Wednesday night .
SOCHI , Russia — Murat Gassiev of Russia knocked out Yunier Dorticos of Cuba with less than 20 seconds remaining in the final round to unify the IBF and WBA cruiserweight titles .
The victory early Sunday in Sochi 's Bolshoi Ice Dome qualifies Gassiev for the World Boxing Superseries final against Oleksandr Usyk of Ukraine in May . Usyk holds the WBO and WBC belts .
Gassiev 's record rises to 26-0 , with 19 knockouts .
It is Dorticos ' first professional loss ; he 's 22-1 with 21 knockouts .
Dorticos took the initiative in the early rounds , but Gassiev picked up the tempo in the fifth and Dorticos clearly tired .
In the last round , Gassiev knocked them down twice before a right roundhouse drove them through the ropes and ended the bout .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
One the Rice commission wants to seize .
It was charged with finding ways to reform and modernize rules , including looking at the NCAA 's relationship with the NBA , youth leagues , apparel companies and agents . It was also set to review an enforcement process that frequently takes years to resolve complicated cases of potentially major rules violations .
The commission features several prominent names in the sport , including former NBA stars Grant Hill and David Robinson , former Georgetown coach John Thompson III , retired college coach Mike Montgomery and Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith .
`` The stage is set , certainly , given what 's happened with law enforcement and what we 've seen in media reports around men 's basketball at the collegiate level , '' Southeastern Conference commissioner Greg Sankey told the AP . `` You involve Condoleezza Rice because you want an impactful outcome . ''
After Rice presents Wednesday morning , the boards will meet to consider adopting the commission 's recommendations , either fully or in part . The next stop would be the Division I Council , a group mostly made up of athletic directors , to craft legislation for implementation .
Emmert said the council is already forming subgroups to deal with the targeted areas the commission is expected to address , with the goal of having legislation ready to be presented by August in time for next season .
Swofford , for one , said he 'd prefer to end the one-and-done model of top NBA prospects arriving in college for one-year pit stops before turning professional , though that would also take agreement from the NBA . Swofford prefers a model similar to baseball by allowing high schoolers to go straight to the pros but require players who enter college to spend two years there .
He 'd also like to see the NBA-run G League become a stronger developmental option for athletes who do n't want to come to college , a path recently chosen by former Syracuse recruit and McDonald 's All-American Darius Bazley .
Regardless , Swofford said , changes must be broad-based because `` I do n't think there 's a silver bullet here '' to fix everything . And they expect the commission to offer `` substantive '' findings .
`` If we ca n't react to something like this in a way that brings significant improvement to the system and to what we 're doing , shame on us , '' Swofford said .
___
AP College Sports Writer Ralph D. Russo in New York and AP Sports Writer John Zenor in Birmingham , Alabama , contributed to this report .
___
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
By Aaron Beard , The Associated Press
With every outlandish company announcement or tweet , Musk can come across as a visionary , swindler or master publicist . But regardless , they grab news headlines , customers place down payments on products they might not see for months , and Tesla 's valuation climbs higher .
Musk 's stories are irresistible , and a key reason is that they tap into the public 's science fiction fantasies . For decades , sci-fi has shaped our very conception of what the future should be like . At a moment in which technology seems to be leading us toward a dystopia , Musk appears to be everyone 's best shot at getting the future they 've dreamt of .
`` They 're buying into their futurist vision of completely untraversed worlds and ideas and opportunities that no one can see or think of , but when they describe them , you 're inspired , '' said Americus Reed , a professor of marketing at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School . `` That 's why science fiction is attractive to us . It takes us out of our comfort zone and opens up our mind to an entirely new way of thinking , a new universe of all kinds of whimsical and even , in some cases , frightening possibilities . ''
Reed studies the way that personal identity shapes purchasing behavior . In Musk 's case , consumers feel like they 're investing in their future selves by buying their products , matching who they are now with who they expect to be in a fantastical future . At the same time , they can vicariously become a little more like Musk , the visionary . Musk 's name has become synonymous with -- if not bigger than -- their companies . To buy into SpaceX , Tesla or The Boring Company is to trust that Musk will make good on their vision of the future .
Musk 's appeal as entrepreneur and technologist is not about what they do but who they are . At different times , he 's been compared to industrialist Henry Ford , fraudster P.T . Barnum , inventor Thomas Edison and literal superhero Tony Stark . They are not only trying to remold the entrenched industries of automotive , energy and interplanetary travel but also , as writer Neil Strauss points out , to disrupt our very relationship with distance and time . They are , essentially , a geek icon .
`` The decision to move from selling hats to flamethrowers to financing a massive tunnel-boring operation is such a preposterous proposition that it 's hard not to be charmed by it , '' said Dan Casey , senior editor at Nerdist and host of Muskwatch , a weekly online video series covering exactly what it sounds like . `` There is a cult of personality around Musk that you do n't see with similar wealthy tech magnates , CEOs and entrepreneurs . Jeff Bezos may be wealthier , and Tim Cook sits on the throne of an empire of Apple products ... but they are straight-up boring compared to Musk . ''
In an age in which all tech entrepreneurs promise they have the keys to the future , Musk also offers something else : a `` meaningful worldview . '' This was the conclusion of Ashlee Vance , author of the biography Elon Musk : Tesla , SpaceX , and the Quest for a Fantastic Future and a reporter for Bloomberg Businessweek . `` Where Mark Zuckerberg wants to help you share baby photos , Musk wants you to ... well ... save the human race from self-imposed or accidental annihilation , '' Vance writes . Creating a sustainable ecosystem beyond our planet is Musk 's organizing purpose , giving each of their projects an almost moral clarity .
Consumer trust in Musk is important for more than publicity . Their products and services come from the future : By nature , he 's selling a dream that wo n't materialize anytime soon . Musk has a reputation for overestimating how many cars Tesla can produce , and the upcoming Falcon Heavy test flight was initially slated for last summer . Tesla loses money -- nearly half a million dollars per hour , reported Bloomberg in November -- and the country 's onetime most valuable automaker is often referred to as an overvalued `` story stock . ''
Customers are funding the company too . Tesla has taken at least $ 400 million in deposits for the Model 3 , the company 's midrange sedan , even though production is behind schedule . `` [ Musk ] appeals to the futurist in all of us , as we dream of what might be . And he 's savvy enough to ask us to pay up front , thereby getting their customers to provide the funding for their dreams , '' said John Mullins , an associate professor of management practice at London Business School . This is why Musk needs a robust mythology : It not only raises capital from both their investors and individual consumers but also staves off the fear that their companies may be peddling vaporware . Perhaps when they sell trinkets like The Boring Company 's flamethrowers and hats , it 's also to remind us that their companies can produce tangible goods .
While Musk 's sci-fi indulgences could easily be interpreted as pure marketing stunts , Vance , the biographer who spent a year with Musk for their book , said the entrepreneur believes in their grand concepts .
`` There 's no question to me that , at the heart of this , it is very genuine , '' Vance told Engadget . `` Elon , you 've got to remember , grew up as a rabid science fiction geek . They probably literally read every single science fiction book in their city , Pretoria , when they were growing up . ''
`` When they say , ' I want to go to Mars and create a multi-planetary species , ' to me , there is no gimmick behind that at all . That is their honest-to-God driving principle of life . It 's the only thing that really explains why they were willing to risk all of their money and their time and their marriages and time with their children to do all of this stuff . ''
There is evidence that Musk is driven by more than riches . After their sale of PayPal to eBay , they took home about $ 180 million that promptly went into SpaceX , Tesla and renewable energy company SolarCity . In 2014 , they announced Tesla would make all of its patents open source . Just last month , Musk said they would take no salary from Tesla for the next decade , only getting paid in shares if they hit wildly ambitious milestones ( for living expenses , they borrow against theirs shares ) .
For sure , Musk knows how to publicize their star power , particularly to their 18.4 million Twitter followers . Though disingenuousness on social media can be sniffed out in a second , Musk can come across online as funny , eccentric and intelligent . `` He 's got kind of like a wicked sense of humor that I do n't think people always appreciate , '' Vance said . `` There 's no way Ford 's CEO is going to sell flamethrowers to the public . He 's on their own level . ''
The real test of Musk 's authenticity will be when their projects actually reach the market and evolve into something more than playthings for the rich . Right now , Falcon Heavy is set to launch in four days , and Tesla 's Model 3 is already rolling out . With hope , we 'll soon know if the future Musk has got us all dreaming about is the reality we 've long desired -- or sheer fantasy .
Images : SpaceX ( Spacesuit , Mars colony layout )
WASHINGTON — Nationals right-hander Erick Fedde left in the second inning of their start against the Boston Red Sox after throwing just 25 pitches .
Training staff and manager Dave Martinez went to check on Fedde after they allowed a single to Rafael Devers to lead off the second on Wednesday . After a long conversation , Fedde walked off the field and was replaced by lefty Matt Grace .
The 25-year-old was coming off their first major league victory last weekend in Philadelphia .
Fedde entered the game 1-3 with a 6.00 ERA in five starts this season . Their 2017 season ended in early September with a right forearm flexor strain .
Washington 's 2014 first-round pick had Tommy John surgery after being drafted . He 's 1-4 with a 7.23 ERA in eight starts during their career with the Nationals .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
There 's A Jay-Z x Beyoncé Mashup Album And You Need To Hear It
There 's A Jay-Z x Beyoncé Mashup Album And You Need To Hear It
We got another proof that , in fact , the Internet is undefeated . While everybody 's awaiting the birth of the Carter twins , one YouTube user and the Carters ' fan , [ email protected ] , mashed up the songs of both artists creating an unforgettable listening experience titled Bey-Z .
“ Late last night I came up with the idea to create a mashup album of some of Beyoncé & Jay-Z 's songs , as a tribute to both of these artists , ” @ amorphorous wrote . “ I used to run around the house with my hat on backwards rapping Jay-Z when I was younger , and I admire Beyoncé for their artistry and work ethic . ”
The 8-track album is available for download or purchase ( and it 's you who names the price ) and includes offerings such as “ Can I Get A Partition , ” “ Baby Boy Is Mine , ” and “ Formation Who ? ”
We only wonder what would Jay-Z and Beyoncé think about it…
Check out the trailer for the project below and you can listen to the full album here .
Thousands of Australians have gathered at pre-dawn services around the country to commemorate the moment when Australian and New Zealand Army Corps troops waded ashore at the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey 103 years ago in their first major battle of World War I .
Because extremists have targeted annual ANZAC Day April 25 ceremonies in the past , concrete barriers were placed around the service in downtown Sydney to protect those who gathered at Martin Place against vehicle attacks .
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , their French counterpart Edouard Philippe and the heir to the British throne , Prince Charles , will mark ANZAC Day in France with a service that also commemorates the 100th anniversary of Australian troops taking the town of Villers-Bretonneux from the Germans .
Home Affairs Minister Peter Dutton represents the Australian government at a service at ANZAC Cove at Gallipoli where the Australian and New Zealand troops landed under British command in an ill-fated attempt to take the Ottoman Empire out of the war .
TORONTO – The proportion of oral cancers caused by the human papillomavirus has risen significantly in Canada , say researchers , who suggest the infection is now behind an estimated three-quarters of all such malignancies . In a cross-Canada study , published Monday in the Canadian Medical Association Journal , the researchers found the incidence of HPV-related oropharyngeal cancers increased by about 50 per cent between 2000 and 2012 .
“ It 's a snapshot of looking at the disease burden and the time trend to see how the speed of the increase of this disease ( is changing ) , ” said co-author Sophie Huang , a research radiation therapist at Princess Margaret Cancer Centre in Toronto .
Researchers looked at data from specialized cancer centres in British Columbia , Alberta , Ontario and Nova Scotia to determine rates of HPV-related tumours among 3,643 patients aged 18 years or older who had been diagnosed with squamous cell oropharyngeal cancer between 2000 and 2012 .
“ In 2000 , the proportion of throat cancer caused by HPV was estimated at 47 per cent , ” said Huang . “ But in 2012 , the proportion became 74 per cent … about a 50 per cent increase . ”
Statistics from a Canadian Cancer Society report last fall showed 1,335 Canadians were diagnosed in 2012 with HPV-related oropharyngeal cancer and 372 died from the disease .
HPV is the most common sexually transmitted infection worldwide . Most people never develop symptoms and the infection resolves on its own within about two years . But in some people , the infection can persist , leading to cervical cancer in women , penile cancer in men and oropharyngeal cancer in both sexes .
Most cases of HPV-related oral cancer are linked to oral sex , said Huang , noting that about 85 per cent of the cases in the CMAJ study were men .
HPV-related tumours respond better to treatment and have a higher survival rate than those linked to tobacco and alcohol use , the other major cause of oral cancer , they said , adding that early identification of a tumour 's cause is important to ensure appropriate and effective treatment .
While some centres in Canada routinely test oral tumours to determine their HPV status , such testing is not consistent across the country , the researchers say .
In the past , physicians generally tended to reserve tumour testing for cases most likely to be caused by HPV — among them younger males with no history of smoking and with light alcohol consumption — to prevent an unnecessary burden on pathology labs .
“ Only as accumulating data have supported the clinical importance of HPV testing has routine testing been implemented in most ( though not all ) Canadian centres , ” the researchers write .
The study showed that the proportion of new HPV-related oral cancers rose as those caused by non-HPV-related tumours fell between 2000 and 2012 — likely the result of steadily declining smoking rates .
Huang said males tend to have a weaker immune response to HPV than do females , which may in part explain the higher incidence of oral cancers linked to the virus in men .
HPV vaccines given to young people before they become sexually active can prevent infection — and the researchers say both boys and girls should be inoculated .
Currently , six provinces provide HPV immunization to Grade 6 boys as well as girls , with the other four provinces set to add males to vaccination programs this fall , said Huang .
“ So vaccinating boys is very important because , if you look at Canadian Cancer Society statistics ( for 2012 ) , HPV- related oropharyngeal cancer in total numbers has already surpassed cervical cancers , ” they said .
“ The increase of HPV-related cancer is real , and it 's striking that there 's no sign of a slowdown . ”
INDIANAPOLIS -- If you owned one of the original Playstation 3 “ phat ” consoles that were released back in 2006 , you may be owed some money .
PCMag.com reports that the original PS3 console – or the “ phat ” PS3 had the ability to install an alternative operating system but when the smaller “ slim ” model was released , the operating system functionality was removed because of security concerns .
Those changes resulted in a class action lawsuit which dragged on until a settlement was reached in 2016 allowing PS3 owners to claim $ 65 – but time 's almost up .
Anyone who owns a “ phat ” PS3 still has until April 15 to submit the claim form .
To file a claim , a person must have purchased their PS3 from an “ authorized retailer ” and include their PSN username and PS3 serial number . The offer is only good for 20GB , 40GB , 60GB and 80GB models .
To submit your claim click here .
Uber suspended its autonomous vehicle test program in the U.S. Monday after a woman was struck and killed by one of the company 's test vehicles in Tempe , AZ . The company suspended its test programs in San Francisco , Phoenix , Pittsburgh , and Toronto , according to The Washington Post . It was the first known fatality tied to autonomous vehicle testing in the U.S .
The victim was 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg , and they were struck by an Uber vehicle in autonomous mode when they were crossing the road . A driver was behind the wheel of the vehicle—which is required in most testing environments—but the car was in autonomous mode . The Post reported that Tempe police said they were “ walking outside of the crosswalk . ”
“ Our hearts go out to the victim 's family , ” Uber said in a statement . “ We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident . ”
Tragedy
I 'm of multiple minds on this issue . On the one hand , true road safety will almost assuredly only be found once 100 % of vehicular traffic is AI-controlled . The harsh reality is that the only way to get there is through testing .
As Timothy Carone , an associate teaching professor specializing in autonomous systems at the University of Notre Dame , told The Post :
It 's going to be difficult to accept the deaths … but at some point you 'll start to see the curve bend . The fact is these things will save lives and we need to get there . Hopefully it happens much faster and with a much shorter time scale [ than it took with aviation ] .
On the other hand , Uber has exemplified the rules-are-for-suckers-and-chumps approach to this testing process , rushing to markets like Arizona where they can test without having the filthy fingers of government nannies tell them what to do . When it comes to harsh realities , the truth is that government nannies save lives in just about every major industry .
All the safety precautions we take for granted in agriculture , food , automobiles , aviation , medicine , pharmaceuticals , mining , shipping , trucking , trains , paint ( how 's that lack of lead working out for you ? ) , and just about everything else were all developed either at the behest of or in partnership with government regulators .
Surely autonomous vehicles need the same sort of oversight . Personally , I 'm hoping this tragic incident leads to federal guidelines and rules governing the development of autonomous vehicle systems .
Peru hunts 2 over lynching of Canadian for shaman murder
Peruvian police searched Tuesday for two men over the lynching of a Canadian suspected of killing an elderly shaman in the Amazon , judicial sources said Tuesday .
Judge David Panduro ordered the men 's arrest for the “ alleged offense of aggravated homicide ” after police discovered the body of Sebastian Paul Woodroffe , 42 , in the Ucayali region of northeastern Peru .
Grisly footage of their death at the hands of a mob had been widely circulated on social media over the weekend .
In the video , a man is seen making aggressive attempts to put a black rope around the neck of another man slumped in a puddle with blood on their face , who tries , unsuccessfully , to fight them off .
“ Please , no ! ” they mumble in Spanish , as someone can be heard saying : “ You asked for it . ”
Prosecutors confirmed Woodroffe 's death was linked to the murder of Olivia Arevalo , an 81-year-old healer , rights activist and respected leader within the indigenous Shipibo-Konibo community who was shot dead on April 19 .
Read More : Mob lynches Nigerian in South Africa
According to a local rights group , a man with a foreign accent went to their home and when they opened the door , they opened fire at short range before fleeing on a motorcycle .
Police immediately launched a search for the main suspect , whom they identified as a Canadian national , finding their body buried nearby on Saturday .
– Ayahuasca dispute ? –
Judicial officials named the two suspects wanted for their murder as Jose Ramirez and Nicolas Mori , both members of the same indigenous community as Arevalo .
Within the Shipibo-Konibo community , Arevalo was a healer widely revered for their knowledge of traditional medicine who was believed to have special powers .
Woodroffe had been living in the area for about two years and had acquired 20 hectares ( 50 acres ) of land there , Peruvian media said .
Police investigating their murder are reportedly pursuing two theories , one of which involved Woodroffe killing the shaman because they refused to let them participate in an ayahuasca ceremony .
Ayahuasca is a powerful hallucinogenic concoction from the Amazon consumed as part of a shamanic ritual .
The other theory is that they killed them over a debt , local media said , without giving any further information .
There are some 31,000 ethnic Shipibo-Konibo people living in Peru 's Amazon jungle region .
This is not the first such murder .
In September 2014 , four leaders of the indigenous Ashaninka people were killed in the Ucayali region that borders Brazil after illegal loggers and drug traffickers had threatened them .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — A “ Bachelor in Paradise ” contestant says she 's a “ victim ” of undisclosed events that led to production of the reality show being put on hold .
In a statement Wednesday , Corinne Olympios said they have hired an attorney and is seeking therapy to deal with what they called the physical and emotional trauma they experienced on June 4 .
Olympios said they have little memory of what occurred .
Warner Bros. , the company behind ABC 's “ Bachelor in Paradise , ” a spin-off of “ The Bachelor , ” suspended production and sent contestants home while it investigates allegations of misconduct on the set in Mexico .
Warner Bros. also said it plans appropriate action depending on the outcome .
The studio did n't provide further details and declined comment Wednesday on Olympios ' statement .
“ Bachelor in Paradise ” planned to air its fourth season this summer .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
A 30-year-old woman and their 4-year-old son were burnt alive after their car mysteriously caught fire in the basement of Sumadhura Anandam Apartment in Whitefield on Friday . Police are investigating the cause of the fire . The Forensic experts are also examining the evidence collected from the sight to find out the cause of the fire .
In a dreadful incident surfaced from Bengaluru , a 30-year-old woman and their 4-year-old son were burnt alive after their car mysteriously caught fire in the basement of Sumadhura Anandam Apartment in Whitefield on Friday . The deceased were identified as Neha Verma and Param . The incident took place around 3 pm in the evening when the duo returned home after a day out . The police officials are looking into the matter while the cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained . Forensic experts have also collected the evidence from the car , and are trying to find out the cause of the mysterious fire .
Neha and their 4-year-old son had left home around 12:30 pm . They were travelling in their Maruti Ritz car . Around 3:40 pm , the duo returned from the outing and Neha , who was on the wheel , parked their car at the spot in the basement parking lot of their apartment complex . Suddenly , the security guards heard a loud blast . When they ran to the parking area , they witnessed a car caught in flames . According to the police , the security guards were not aware of the fact that there was somebody trapped in the car . It was the fire and emergency personnel , who came within six minutes , found the charred remains of the mother and son after the fire was put out .
“ Security guards tried to douse the flames by throwing water on the burning vehicle , but it was of no use . They could not go near the car . Our personnel reached the spot a few minutes after receiving an alert around 3.50 p.m. , ” said a fire department official . Police are investigating the cause of the fire . The Forensic experts are also examining the evidence collected from the sight to find out the cause of the fire .
PARRY SOUND — Shopping with your pups in tow this summer ? Do n't leave them in the hot car .
There 's now a Dog Cooling Station at the Parry Sound Canadian Tire opened 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesday to Saturday where pet owners can leave their dogs while they shop in town .
Operator Kathy Curreie Eyers also runs Top Dog K9 Services in Barrie , but decided to spend some time at the family 's McKellar home this summer . They got the idea from something similar they saw about two-decades ago .
“ Mom and I had talked about this a couple years ago , because Parry Sound is a tourist town and people are wanting to get their groceries and camping supplies , cottage supplies — there 's always the issue of what to do with the pets while we are in the store , ” said Currie Eyers .
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Sam Bell again has the freedom to drive their car . It 's a freedom the disabled Marine does n't take lightly .
In November , as they slept inside their home , a semi-truck slammed into their car and left it undriveable . None of the companies involved would step up , leaving them without a car through the Thanksgiving , Christmas and New Year 's holidays .
They called 8 On Your Side to help get their voice heard . We found an insurance maze of companies pointing the blame elsewhere .
Finally , last week , Bell received a check from Old Republic , the insurance company for Penske , which owns the truck that hit Bell . Even that company denies blame , though , saying it should be up to EXP Logistics , the company that rented the truck , to pay Bell .
The owner of that company , Michael Chapman , told 8 On Your Side in December that they would meet with Bell and make an offer . Instead , they met with Bell and never returned their calls after that .
A Penske representative said that 's why Penske agreed to reimburse Bell the $ 674.14 that it took to get their car running again . But , the company plans to seek reimbursement from EXP Logistics .
Bell is happy to have some money back , but they said what touched them most about this story is the support they received from other Marines .
Some Marines they had not heard from in a decade saw our story online and reached out to help .
One started a Go Fund Me page online and more than $ 2,000 was raised . Bell plans to use that money to buy a van , equipped in a way that would be more comfortable for them to get in and out of .
“ It 's an honor that somebody would step up and say , ‘ Hey , what are you guys going to do ? ' That makes my heart swell. ” they said .
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
> > MORE TOP STORIES
New York City has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour .
Source : WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
TORONTO — Raptors president Masai Ujiri made a plea for Torontonians to come together and support one another in the wake of the horrific van attack that killed 10 and left 15 injured .
Ujiri addressed the media after practice Tuesday , urging people not to be afraid and asking them “ to believe in our city . ”
Ujiri , a native of Nigeria , says they brag about Toronto everywhere they go , calling it the safest place and the best city in the world . That will not change , they said .
They said Toronto 's strength is its diversity .
The Raptors host the Washington Wizards on Wednesday in Game 5 of their first-round playoff series . Both teams have two wins .
AUSTIN , Texas — Lashann Higgs scored 19 points and Brooke McCarty scored 15 as Texas booked its fourth consecutive trip to the Sweet 16 with an 85-65 win over Arizona State in the women 's NCAA Tournament on Monday night .
Higgs scored 15 in the first half , and McCarty took over in the third quarter with 10 points in a 14-2 run that pushed the Longhorns to a big lead and never let the Sun Devils recover . McCarty had a pair of 3-pointers in the run and their nifty drives and assists made sure the No . 2-seed Longhorns ( 28-6 ) avoided the same kind of home court upsets that hit several host teams earlier in the evening .
The No . 7-seed Sun Devils had played eventual national champion South Carolina within a minute of a huge upset in the second round last season , but saw any hopes of catching the Longhorns disappear in the decisive third quarter .
McCarty , even at just 5-foot-4 and the smallest player on the court , had a game-high 10 rebounds , often using them to kick-start Texas in transition . The Longhorns are one of the top rebounding teams in the country and dominated the Sun Devils on the boards 40-19 in a physical matchup .
Kianna Ibis scored 27 to lead Arizona State ( 22-13 ) , an effort that kept the Sun Devils within 40-35 at halftime , but scored just eight over the final two quarters .
Texas hosted the first two rounds of the NCAA tournament for the third consecutive year . The Longhorns are 48-6 at the Frank Erwin Center over the last three seasons , including six wins in the tournament .
The Longhorns ' fourth year in the Sweet 16 continues a resurgence for a program for a program that produced the women 's tournament 's first undefeated national champion in 1985 . Texas has n't been back to the Final Four since 2003 .
BIG PICTURE
Arizona State : The Sun Devils had the best defence in the Pac 12 this season , holding opponents to 12 points or fewer in a quarter 51 times . Texas shredded the Sun Devils with their strength on the boards and speed in transition . The Longhorns scored 22 points in the first quarter , then McCarty ripped the Sun Devils for 25 in the third .
Texas : McCarty and Higgs drive Texas , but the Longhorns will be looking for more from forwards Joyner Holmes and Jatarie White as they get deeper into the tournament . Those two combined for 20 points and nine rebounds .
UP NEXT
Texas will play No . 3 seed UCLA in the Kansas City .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Allen Crabbe and Caris LeVert each scored 22 points and the Brooklyn Nets beat the Memphis Grizzlies 118-115 on Monday night .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had 16 points and 12 rebounds , and DeMarre Carroll scored 18 points for the Nets , who have two straight wins for the first time since Jan. 19-21 .
Andrew Harrison , who missed Memphis ' last nine games due to a right wrist injury , scored 19 points , and Brionte Webber had a career-high 15 . The Grizzlies have lost 20 of 21 .
Memphis was without Marc Gasol due to flu-like symptoms . The team has lost 15 straight games on the road since a Christmas Eve victory at Sacramento .
Brooklyn trailed 94-87 heading into the fourth quarter before turning it around against the NBA 's second-worst team .
Carroll capped a string of three straight 3s to tie it at 97 with 8:45 remaining in the final period . After a three-second defensive technical free throw by Harrison gave the Grizzlies a 101-100 lead with 6:54 left , the Nets scored nine straight points highlighted by LeVert 's dunk with 4:07 left to lead 109-101 .
Crabbe increased Brooklyn 's advantage 116-108 with 38 seconds left , but Memphis made it interesting .
Wayne Selden Jr. , who scored 17 points of the bench , hit a 3 , and JaMychal Green made a layup to make it 117-115 with 12 seconds left . Spencer Dinwiddie then hit a free throw to extend the Nets ' lead to 118-115 with 11 seconds to go before Harrison missed a potential tying 3 with 0.4 seconds remaining .
TIP-INS
Grizzlies : Tyreke Evans ( inactive ) did not play . They were replaced by Harrison in the starting lineup . ... Deyonta Davis started at center in place of Gasol . It was just their third start of the season . ... Green had a double-double with 14 points and 16 rebounds .
Nets : Crabbe moved into second place for the most 3-pointers in a season by a player in franchise history . Their first 3-pointer of the night gave them 163 , passing Joe Johnson . The 25-year-old is now three shies of Deron Williams ' record of 169 set during the 2012-13 season .
UP NEXT
Grizzlies : Continue their three-game trip at Philadelphia on Wednesday night .
Nets : Host Charlotte on Wednesday night to close their three-game homestand .
___
More AP basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Getty Image
With ex-presidential robocalls and sketchy Facebook ads swarming in Alabama ahead of Tuesday 's special Senate election between Democrat Doug Jones and accused child molester Roy Moore , another prominent Republican voice has called on Alabama voters to head to the polls and reject Roy Moore : Condoleeza Rice .
In a statement , the former Secretary of State and Birmingham native calls the special election one of the most significant political contests in Alabama 's history and urges voters to follow their values while casting their vote . They do so without actually mentioning Moore by name .
“ I encourage you to take a stand for our core principles and for what is right . These critical times require us to come together to reject bigotry , sexism , and intolerance . ”
However , even without mentioning Moore specifically , it 's clear that Rice , like Alabama Senator Richard Shelby , finds the disgraced judge unsuitable for the Senate .
“ It is imperative for Americans to remain focused on our priorities and not give way to side shows and antics , ” Rice said . “ I know that Alabamans need an independent voice in Washington . But we must also insist that our representatives are dignified , decent , and respectful of the values we hold dear . ”
During the 2016 election , Rice made it clear that they were not interested in being a running mate for President Trump and called on them to withdraw from the election after the Access Hollywood tape was made public .
( Via AL.com )
TRENTON , N.J. — Police are searching for a 19-year-old man accused of throwing a puppy out of the third-floor window of a New Jersey home .
The Mercer County Prosecutor 's office said in a statement that Anthony Matlock threw a four-month-old terrier named Dutchess out of a Trenton home during a domestic dispute Sept. 21 . The dog landed in the basement of a vacant property next door .
Prosecutors say doctors performed surgery on the puppy to save their broken right leg .
Officials say the man 's home contained 26 English and French bulldog puppies inside a cooler and two cages full of feces .
Police plan to charge the man with third-degree animal cruelty once they are found .
17:08 Reported News Briefs Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 Remand of Steinmetz , Silberstein extended 3 days The Magistrate 's Court in Rishon Letzion has extended by three days the detention of Strategic Advisor Tal Silberstein and billionaire business person Benny Steinmetz on suspicion of money laundering . ► ◄ Last Briefs
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio , Oh ( 7 ) , Tepera ( 8 ) and Maile ; Rodriguez , Barnes ( 7 ) , B.Johnson ( 9 ) , Kimbrel ( 9 ) and C.Vazquez . W_Rodriguez 6-1 . L_Gaviglio 2-1 . Sv_Kimbrel ( 18 ) . HRs_Toronto , Hernandez ( 8 ) . Boston , Nunez ( 4 ) , Martinez ( 18 ) .
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez , Volstad ( 3 ) , Avilan ( 4 ) , Rondon ( 5 ) , Fry ( 6 ) , N.Jones ( 7 ) , Soria ( 8 ) and Narvaez ; Kluber , Beliveau ( 7 ) , Marshall ( 8 ) , B.Taylor ( 9 ) and Gomes . W_Kluber 8-2 . L_Lopez 1-4 . HRs_Chicago , Sanchez ( 3 ) . Cleveland , Ramirez ( 17 ) , Encarnacion ( 13 ) .
___
Houston 000 020 001—3 7 0 New York 100 022 00x—5 8 1
Keuchel , McHugh ( 6 ) and Stassi ; L.Severino , Robertson ( 8 ) , Chapman ( 9 ) and Romine . W_L.Severino 8-1 . L_Keuchel 3-7 . Sv_Chapman ( 12 ) . HRs_Houston , Stassi ( 5 ) .
___
Los Angeles 001 000 000—1 7 0 Detroit 100 005 00x—6 9 0
Ohtani , Bedrosian ( 6 ) , J.Johnson ( 6 ) , Morris ( 8 ) and Maldonado ; Fiers , Jimenez ( 8 ) , Greene ( 9 ) and Greiner . W_Coleman 2-0 . L_Bedrosian 1-1 .
___
INTERLEAGUE Washington 001 000 100—2 7 0 Baltimore 000 000 000—0 4 0
Scherzer , Doolittle ( 9 ) and P.Severino ; Hess , Castro ( 7 ) , Hart ( 8 ) , Wright Jr. ( 9 ) and Sisco . W_Scherzer 9-1 . L_Hess 2-2 . Sv_Doolittle ( 13 ) . HRs_Washington , Harper ( 18 ) .
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
Reyes , Gant ( 5 ) , Lyons ( 7 ) , Tuivailala ( 7 ) and Kelly ; Guerra , Jeffress ( 7 ) , Hader ( 8 ) , Knebel ( 9 ) and Kratz , Pina . W_Jeffress 5-0 . L_Tuivailala 1-1 . Sv_Knebel ( 5 ) . HRs_St . Louis , Bader ( 5 ) . Milwaukee , Yelich ( 7 ) .
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano , W.Peralta ( 6 ) , Hughes ( 7 ) , Garrett ( 7 ) , R.Iglesias ( 8 ) and Barnhart ; Corbin , Salas ( 7 ) , Chafin ( 8 ) , McFarland ( 9 ) and Murphy . W_Romano 3-6 . L_Corbin 5-2 . Sv_R.Iglesias ( 9 ) . HRs_Cincinnati , Schebler ( 6 ) , Duvall ( 10 ) . Arizona , Goldschmidt ( 7 ) , Murphy ( 7 ) .
___
Chicago 100 000 000—1 9 1 Pittsburgh 110 000 00x—2 9 0
Hendricks , R.Rosario ( 6 ) , Mazzoni ( 7 ) , Wilson ( 7 ) and Contreras ; Musgrove , Crick ( 8 ) , F.Vazquez ( 9 ) and Cervelli . W_Musgrove 2-0 . L_Hendricks 4-4 . Sv_F.Vazquez ( 10 ) . HRs_Pittsburgh , Harrison ( 2 ) .
___
New York 000 100 111—4 9 1 Atlanta 000 000 100—1 5 0
Vargas , T.Peterson ( 6 ) , Familia ( 8 ) , Gsellman ( 9 ) and Plawecki ; Teheran , Carle ( 8 ) , S.Freeman ( 8 ) , Socolovich ( 9 ) and Suzuki . W_Vargas 2-3 . L_Teheran 4-3 . Sv_Gsellman ( 2 ) . HRs_Atlanta , Camargo ( 4 ) .
BEIJING -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 24 , 2018 -- Today , the NIO House opened at Auto China 2018 , giving attendees a first-hand look at how NIO is revolutionizing the user experience .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006711/en/
NIO ES8 interior ( 6-Seater ) ( Photo : Business Wire )
NIO also unveiled a six-seat version of the NIO ES8 , showcased the NIO EP9 , the fastest electric car in the world , and unveiled a new variation of its vision car , EVE . EVE 's new variation is inspired by Beijing and features new colors , updated materials and redesigned rims .
The six-seater ES8 uses a 2+2+2 seat layout with easier access to the third row . The six-seater ES8 features the same high-performance and intelligent features as the seven-seater ES8 . The six-seater ES8 will be available for order this year with deliveries set to begin in the first half of 2019 . NIO also showcased seven exterior colors for the NIO ES8 .
The NIO House at Auto China 2018 is located in Hall E3 of the China International Exhibition Center New Venue and represents NIO 's vision of a premium user experience that goes beyond the car . NIO will also host ten ‘ seeds ' talks at NIO House , where NIO Executives , ES8 users and other Nobel Prize laureates will share opinions , ideas and inspiration .
All NIO Houses , including the one at Auto China 2018 feature a Forum , an open floorplan with a kitchen , living room and workspaces , a store for users to purchase NIO merchandise and Joy Camp , a children 's play area . The NIO House at Auto China 2018 will be open from April 25 to May 4 , 2018 . Outside of Auto China 2018 , permanent NIO houses have officially opened in Beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou .
“ We 're creating a new auto show experience for our users with our NIO House , ” NIO Founder , Chairman and CEO , William Li , said . “ NIO wants people to enjoy owning a car again . Our presence at Auto China and the vehicles , products and services that we deliver this year are another step forward towards realizing our vision . ”
About NIO :
Our mission is to shape a joyful lifestyle for our users by offering smart , premium electric vehicles and providing the best user experience . NIO was founded in November 2014 as a global company , with world-class research and development , design and manufacturing centers in Shanghai , Beijing , San Jose , Munich , London and nine other locations . NIO now has more than 5,000 employees from nearly 40 countries . By the end of 2018 , NIO will have city operations and services teams in 169 different cities throughout China . The NIO Formula E Team secured the inaugural Drivers ' Championship title in 2015 . In 2016 , NIO unveiled the fastest electric car in the world , the EP9 . The EP9 set the lap record for an electric vehicle at the Nürburgring Nordschleife and three other world-renowned tracks . In 2017 , NIO unveiled its vision car EVE and announced the NIO EP9 set a new world speed record for an autonomous vehicle at the Circuit of the Americas . NIO officially launched the ES8 , a seven-seat high performance electric SUV , in December 2017 with deliveries slated to begin in 2018 .
MORE INFORMATION : www.nio.com Twitter : @ NIOGlobal Facebook : @ NIOGlobal Instagram : nioglobal LinkedIn : NIO
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006711/en/
CONTACT : for NIO
Annie Weckesser
Annie.weckesser @ nio.io
KEYWORD : UNITED STATES ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CHINA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : VENTURE CAPITAL MANUFACTURING AUTOMOTIVE MANUFACTURING ALTERNATIVE VEHICLES/FUELS AUTOMOTIVE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OFF-ROAD TRUCKS & SUVS
SOURCE : NIO
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/24/2018 09:30 PM/DISC : 04/24/2018 09:30 PM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006711/en
ISTANBUL — Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived in Ankara to meet their Turkish counterpart , following visits to Syria and Egypt .
Putin and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan are meeting Monday evening to discuss developments in Syria and the Middle East , as well as bilateral relations , according to the Turkish president 's office .
Putin and Erdoğan met several times this year and regularly talk on the telephone as they and Iran work to broker a solution in Syria .
Relations between the two countries were tense after Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet for violating its airspace in 2015 . But the two have since restored bilateral relations .
Putin and Erdoğan are expected to hold a joint news conference after their meeting .
By Eliot Shorr-Parks | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
MINNEAPOLIS — The road to the Super Bowl LII was not an easy one , and for the Eagles players who will take the field on Sunday vs. the New England Patriots , the journey did not begin back in Week 1 . It did n't begin in training camp , and it did n't begin when they entered the league .
No , for each player , Sunday will represent a major life accomplishment , an achievement that will have earned with the help of many over their entire life .
Throughout the last two weeks , I have asked the Eagles ' players who they wanted to thank for helping them get to Super Bowl LII .
Here is a look at who has helped the players on this team get to the big stage on Sunday :
NEW YORK — One reason for the steeliness in Norah O'Donnell 's demeanour the morning after the sexual misconduct accusations against former “ CBS This Morning ” co-anchor Charlie Rose were revealed became apparent on Monday .
O'Donnell was working on a six-month investigation into sexual assault at the U.S. Air Force Academy , and the first report on what was found aired Monday on “ CBS This Morning. ” CBS said more than a dozen current and former cadets at the Air Force believe their cases had been mishandled and that they faced retaliation .
They said that their statement on the morning of Nov. 21 that women can not achieve full equality in the workplace until there is a reckoning on sexual misconduct was affected by what they learned talking to the Air Force cadets .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — Derek Carr had been pounded enough by the Kansas City Chiefs ' dominant defensive front that nobody could blame them for unloading a pass to Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch a bit early Sunday .
Well , except for Lynch .
The pass into the right flat set up Lynch like a golf ball on a tee , and Chiefs linebacker Derrick Johnson ran right through them with a bone-jarring tackle that perfectly summed up Oakland 's day .
“ Whenever you get a chance to hit ‘ Beast Mode ' when he 's not looking , you better take the shot , ” Johnson said with a smile . “ Carr served them up right there . I 'm sure he 'll have a talk with Carr after that one , but I had to take my shot . ”
It 's not like Carr did n't take enough shots of their own .
The quarterback with the uncanny ability to unload the ball quickly was dropped three times in the Raiders ' 26-15 loss . Things did n't go that well when they managed to get the ball off , either — they were 24 of 41 for 211 yards with a late touchdown pass and two interceptions .
“ Just frustrated . With myself , ” they said . “ There 's obviously going to be plays you 're going to want back , but that 's every game . I saw the coverage fine . I was going to certain places with the ball that I thought were right . It was one of those things . At the end of the day it was n't good enough . ”
Asked to rate their young franchise quarterback 's performance , Raiders coach Jack Del Rio was blunt : “ He 's the triggerman of our offence . The offence did n't get done what we needed to get done . ”
Carr 's performance was even more surprising given the situation .
The Chiefs had been gutted by the lowly New York Jets last week , allowing 331 yards passing to Josh McCown in a 38-31 loss . They had also suspended their top cornerback , Marcus Peters , after a series of embarrassing incidents , including their flag-toss episode in the Meadowlands .
Then there 's the fact Carr , who got Michael Crabtree back from suspension , had torched the Chiefs when they met in October . They threw for 417 yards and three touchdowns that afternoon , including the winning score to Crabtree on the final play .
“ We had to come in and set the tone , ” Chiefs defensive tackle Chris Jones said . “ The defensive line , the fourth play of the game we got a sack . It was all about affecting the quarterback , because we know they like to get the ball out fast . And we affected him . ”
Carr seems to get affected by the Chiefs a lot .
Yes , they dominated their matchup in Oakland this season , but that game has proven to be an exception to the rule . Three of their 12 worst games in terms of QB rating have come against the Chiefs , including a career-worst performance last season , when they were 17 of 41 for 117 yards in a 21-13 defeat .
There was also the game two years ago , when they tossed three second-half picks in a 34-20 loss .
The plucky Carr was still slinging it at the end Sunday , refusing to give up . They threw a late touchdown pass to Jared Cook and converted the 2-point conversion to make it a two-possession game in the closing minutes But their second pick at the goal line ended any comeback effort .
It also may have crippled their season-long comeback effort .
The Raiders had won two straight and three of four to climb back into the AFC West race , but any chance to control their chances went by the wayside at Arrowhead Stadium .
“ We 've known ( this was an elimination game ) for a while , ” Del Rio said . “ We 've talked plenty about that and we 've been asked a lot , because of where we put ourselves . A situation where we 've got to win the next one and string together wins and hope it 's enough . ”
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
A pair of smiling North Korean skaters carried out lifts , death spirals and other difficult moves during practices ahead of the Winter Olympics , drawing applause from South Korean spectators at Gangneung Ice Arena on Saturday .
The duo , Ryom Tae Ok and Kim Ju Sik , is the focus of intense media attention as they were the only North Korean athletes who were initially qualified to compete in the Pyeongchang Games before their Olympic committee missed a confirmation deadline . The International Olympic Committee later allowed them and 20 other athletes to compete in the Feb. 9-25 games in special entries given to the North as it worked out a set of Olympics-related rapprochement deals with South Korea .
Unlike many other North Korean athletes who looked serious and rarely answered reporters ' questions , the duo appeared more natural and often smiled when they practiced and passed through a mixed zone — an area where athletes go through after games or training .
Ryom , who turned 19 on Friday , already got the nickname `` angel of smile '' by some South Korean media outlets , after they waved and smiled broadly when they arrived at the Gangneung athletes ' village on Thursday evening .
`` I feel good , '' they told reporters in brief comments after training with Kim in the second practice at the venue since their arrival in South Korea .
Dozens of reporters , photographers and TV crews watched them perform at the Gangneung Arena 's underground training site . Volunteer workers and organizing committee staff , many of them South Koreans , also watched the duo 's practice , giving them a round of applause at least twice during about an hour-long session .
`` It 's good that everyone is welcoming us like this , '' the duo 's North Korean coach , Kim Hyon Son , told reporters .
Later Saturday , North Korean short-track speed skater Jong Kwang Bom practiced at the arena 's main ice rink . Their sole teammate Choe Un Song did n't show up , apparently due to an ankle injury during their first practice in Gangneung on Friday . Their coach told reporters it was up to Choe to decide whether to compete in the games after watching their condition .
The Koreas are in a rare Olympics-inspired reconciliation mood after a year of heightened animosities over North Korea 's advancing nuclear and missile programs . They agreed to form a single women 's hockey team and have their athletes to parade together in the Feb. 9 opening ceremony . The North also plans to send a 230-member cheering group and a 140-person art troupe to the South during the games .
Pyeongchang , a relatively small ski resort town , will host the ski , snowboard and sliding events during the Olympics . Gangneung , a larger coastal city about an hour 's drive away , will host the skating , hockey and curling events .
Some experts see the North 's cooperation in the South Korean-hosted Olympics as an attempt to use improved inter-Korean ties as a way to weaken U.S.-led international sanctions against North Korea .
On Saturday , two members of the North 's official Olympic delegation were found to have come to South Korea despite having no IOC-issued accreditations .
Under an IOC-brokered deal , North Korea was supposed to send a 46-member group composed of 22 athletes and 26 coaches , officials and journalists . But the North has so far sent 47 people to South Korea , and Seoul 's Unification Ministry said two of the 47 have not been accredited by the IOC .
This means the North still has one more IOC-accredited figure to send to South Korea , and ministry officials said they expect the North to send that person along with non-Olympic delegations next week . According to a ministry statement , the two came to South Korea late last month with 12 female hockey players and their male coach who have formed a joint team with South Korean players .
South Korean officials say they view the two as support staff though some social media and online message boards speculated they might be security agents assigned to prevent North Korean athletes and others from interacting too much with foreigners or possibly defecting to South Korea .
Observers say the North might have already added security agents to the IOC-accredited delegation by disguising them as sport officials or journalists . They say it 's highly unlikely for North Korean athletes or members of the cheering group or art troupe to defect while in the South . They are mostly from relatively affluent families and a defection would make their relatives in the north face possible reprisals .
The wife of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , Ri Sol Ju , was part of a cheering group that visited in 2005 during the Asian Athletics Championships in Incheon .
During a previous era of inter-Korean detente , North Korea also sent big delegations to South Korea when its rival hosted major international sports and other events . But none from those North Korean delegations defected , though about 30,000 North Koreans have chosen to flee to South Korea for political and economic reasons since the end of the 1950-53 Korean War , according to Seoul 's Unification Ministry .
SOUTH ELGIN , Ill. ( AP ) — A suburban Chicago police officer fatally shot a man who fired at officers , wounding three , during an overnight standoff .
The officers ' injuries were not life threatening .
The Chicago Tribune reports the standoff began late Tuesday when police were called to a home in South Elgin , about 40 miles ( 65 kilometers ) northwest of Chicago , for a report of shots fired .
Police Sgt . Mike Doty says at least two shotgun blasts were fired at officers as they approached . Police surrounded the building and evacuated neighboring homes .
Officers began negotiating with the man , who barricaded themselves in a stairwell . Police believed they were armed with a scoped rifle as well as the shotgun .
Police say an officer shot and killed the unidentified man after they fired at police again around 2:30 a.m. Wednesday .
BEDMINSTER , N.J. ( AP ) — As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent , pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for them to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly , race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump , who has been at their New Jersey golf club on a working vacation , was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China 's trade practices . But they will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for their initial response to the Saturday 's violence , for which they blamed bigotry on “ many sides . ”
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday . Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows , yet they struggled at times to explain the president 's position . A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups , but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself .
Vice President Mike Pence , traveling in South America , condemned “ these dangerous fringe groups ” and said they “ have no place in American public life and in the American debate . ”
RELATED : 3 dead , dozens injured , amid violent white nationalist rally
Trump said nothing , save for a few retweets . One was about two Virginia state police officers killed in a helicopter crash while monitoring the Charlottesville protests , another about a Justice Department probe into the violence .
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday , Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes , saying that they condemn “ in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , on many sides . ”
Speaking slowly from their New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation , Trump added : “ It 's been going on for a long time in our country . Not Donald Trump . Not Barack Obama . It 's been going on for a long , long time . ”
The White House statement Sunday went further . “ The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups. ” It added : “ He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement . Usually , a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer ; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual 's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance .
Trump 's national security adviser , H.R . McMaster , said Sunday that they considered the attack to be terrorism . On Saturday , Trump had not responded to reporters ' shouted questions about terrorism .
“ I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear , it is terrorism , ” McMaster told ABC 's “ This Week. ” ” It meets the definition of terrorism . But what this is , what you see here , is you see someone who is a criminal , who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans . ”
RELATED : Man accused of ramming protesters pictured with racist group
The president 's homeland security adviser , Tom Bossert , defended the president 's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent , too . When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN 's “ State of the Union , ” they specifically condemned the racist groups .
The president 's daughter and White House aide , Ivanka Trump , tweeted Sunday morning : “ There should be no place in society for racism , white supremacy and neo-nazis . ”
Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe , a Democrat , said they spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that they twice told the president “ we have to stop this hateful speech , this rhetoric. ” They said they urged Trump “ to come out stronger ” against the actions of white supremacists .
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists . Sen. Cory Gardner , R-Colo. said on NBC Sunday that “ This is n't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines . This is a time to lay blame . ”
The president did not have any public events on Sunday . White House staff did not share any information on their activities except that they and their staff were monitoring the aftermath of the violence in Virginia .
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city 's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee . Counter-protesters massed in opposition .
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations . Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “ fulfill the promises of Donald Trump . ”
Trump 's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer , which wrote : “ Trump comments were good . They did n't attack us . They just said the nation should come together . Nothing specific against us . … No condemnation at all. ” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “ Summer of Hate ” edition .
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer , a Democrat , slammed Trump 's stance toward hate groups , saying on NBC 's “ Meet the Press ” that they hope Trump “ looks themselves in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who they consorted with . ”
“ Old saying : when you dance with the devil , the devil does n't change , the devil changes you , ” Signer said .
In Cartagena , Colombia , Pence responded to a reporter 's question about the violence in Charlottesville and said , in part : “ We have no tolerance for hate and violence , white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK . These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate , and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms . ”
Trump , as a presidential candidate , frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer their condemnation of white supremacists . Their strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily , only when asked , and they occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during their campaign . Their chief strategist , Steve Bannon , once declared that their former news site , Breitbart , was “ the platform for the alt-right . ”
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
> > BACK TO TOP STORIES
YANKTON , S.D . — Authorities are investigating after five people died in a two-vehicle crash in South Dakota .
The South Dakota Highway Patrol says a 12-year-old girl was also seriously injured in the crash early Wednesday near Yankton , about 80 miles ( 130 kilometres ) southeast of Sioux Falls .
A Yankton police officer was trying to stop an Acura Integra on Highway 50 when the car 's headlights shut off and it crossed into oncoming lanes , colliding with a Nissan Sentra .
The 27-year-old man driving the Acura and the car 's passenger died at the scene . Three people in the Nissan also died : a 40-year-old woman , a 43-year-old man and a 10-year-old girl . A 12-year-old female passenger was airlifted to a hospital in Sioux Falls for life-threatening injuries .
Officials have n't released the victims ' identities , pending family notifications .
TORONTO — Several houses under construction have been heavily damaged in a fire in northeast Toronto .
Toronto police say they were called to the Scarborough area ( near Buena Vista Avenue and Southlawn Drive ) around 10:40 p.m. last night on reports of a fire .
They say at least four houses were damaged and several nearby homes were evacuated .
Police say no injuries were reported and those evacuated were offered shelter in Toronto Transit Commission buses .
Firefighters say the blaze was put out around midnight and the cause remains under investigation .
11:42 Reported News Briefs Tishrei 16 , 5778 , 06/10/17 Tishrei 16 , 5778 , 06/10/17 Sukkot - the exteriors that teach about the interior Read more The symbols of Sukkot and what they teach us about Derech Eretz . ► ◄ Last Briefs
17:15 Reported News Briefs Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 Family ambushed : 'Jumped from car quickly , wanted to hurt us ' Read more A Jerusalem family traveling on the Jordan Valley road to vacation in the north is stopped by three Arabs who jumped out of a car and attempted to attack . ► ◄ Last Briefs
During Wednesday 's massive fire that engulfed a 24-story high rise apartment complex in London , a woman was seen tossing a baby out of a 10th-story window to bystanders on the ground , multiple English media outlets reported .
According to an eyewitness ' account to the Telegraph , the baby was caught by a man on the street below .
`` The windows were slightly ajar , a woman was gesturing that they were about to throw their baby and if somebody could catch their baby , '' Samira Lamrani told the Telegraph . `` Somebody did , a gentleman ran forward and managed to grab the baby . ''
Another eyewitness told the Telegraph that another adult tossed a young child , roughly 5 years of age , out of a fifth or sixth-story window .
`` There was another woman screaming 'my baby , my baby , I need to get out , I need to save my baby , ' '' the eyewitness told the Telegraph .
There is no word on whether either child 's family made it out safely .
According to local officials , 12 people died in the blaze at the Grenfell Tower .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Centers for Disease Control and Prevention chief Brenda Fitzgerald resigns due to investment issues , gov't says .
Sex-for-mark : What student , Monica Osagie told OAU panel
Dr Abiola Akinyode-Afolabi , the defence counsel for Miss Monica Osagie , the alleged victim in the sex-for-marks scandal at Obafemi Awolowo University , Ile-Ife , said on Tuesday that their client affirmed before an investigative panel that Prof. Richard Akindele deliberately failed them because they refused their sexual demand . The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Osagie had [ … ]
Sex-for-mark : What student , Monica Osagie told OAU panel
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CSA is in need of several underground miners immediately to work in Utah at Lila Canyon . These positions are open now !
You MUST have prior mining experience . The site is looking to hire on perm .
Experienced Miner – up to $ 24.00 hour
Papered Miner – $ 26.00- $ 27.00 hour
$ 90.00 a day per diem if traveling
If you have prior mining experience and you are interested please complete our online application at WWW.csa.jobs or come to our local office at 2702 Commercial Way in Rock Springs . We will contact those that have prior experience to set up interviews .
( Paid Advertisement )
By Mike Lormore , D.V.M
PARSIPPANY , N.J. — Eleven years of herd data from 489 year-end financial and production record summaries identified six key drivers of profitability on dairies based on net farm income , or NFI .
In the analysis , conducted by Zoetis and Compeer Financial , net farm income over 11 years averaged $ 1.23/hundredweight .
Herds that perform well in these six areas achieved healthier cows , higher profits and greater staying power , lactation after lactation : somatic cell counts , energy-corrected milk per cow , death losses , net herd replacement costs , pregnancy rates , heifer survival .
Here 's what you need to know :
1Aggressively manage somatic cell counts for profitability .
One of the biggest drivers of profitability found in the study was somatic cell count ( SCC ) . The best performing herds in the study based on cell count had bulk tank SCCs that averaged 132,000 cells/mL . Meanwhile , the worst one-third of herds had a bulk tank SCC average of 284,000 cells/mL .
That difference netted out to a 63-cent per hundredweight differential in NFI .
It 's important to know that for every 100,000 cells/mL increase in bulk tank SCC , milk yield declines 5.5 pounds . Herds with elevated SCC had lower milk production , reduced pregnancy rates and greater death losses .
2Energy-corrected milk requires healthy cows in their milking prime .
Profitability is driven by healthy cows genetically capable of living long enough to produce milk in the prime of their careers .
According to the study , when sorted based on energy-corrected milk ( ECM ) , the difference between the top and bottom third herds was about 20 pounds of milk per day , or 76 cents NFI/cwt .
This is due to the effect of marginal milk : The last pound of milk is always the most profitable .
High-ECM herds also had an improved 21-day pregnancy rate , lower feed cost/cwt of milk , fewer days open , lower death losses and reduced SCC .
3Minimize death loss with an engaged , qualified workforce .
Sometimes , despite our best efforts , cows die . While not a specific measure , death rates are really an indicator of overall animal husbandry practices . Excellent animal husbandry skills have tremendous impacts on herd profitability .
All data point to net farm income being positively influenced by a qualified , invested workforce capable of maintaining healthy lactating and replacement animals , maintaining efficient reproduction and limiting involuntary culling and death losses .
4Net herd replacement cost : Know the productivity potential of your replacements .
The cost of cow turnover is not just the difference between replacement heifer costs and the value of a cull cow . Consider the productivity potential of the animal being removed compared with a new cow .
First lactation cows produce 15 percent less milk than second lactation cows and 25 percent less than third lactation . As such , replacing an older cow with a first-lactation animal represents a significant loss in current productivity and individual animal cash flow .
Unmanaged cow turnover can be a huge drain on profits .
5Monitor pregnancy rates .
Pregnancy rate ( PR ) is a key performance indicator for reproductive performance in dairy herds . Based on the study , herds with better milk quality had improved pregnancy risk and fewer days open .
ECM yield per cow increases as 21-day PR also increases . The difference in profit between the highest one-third of herds and the lowest one-third for pregnancy risk was 54 cents/cwt .
Herds in the top one-third for 21-day PR performed at a 27.4 percent pregnancy risk , while those in the bottom one-third had 18.1 percent .
6Heifer management impacts profitability from many angles .
The study showed that both the top and bottom one-third of herds took heifer raising seriously , with top herds averaging 95 percent heifer survival rate and bottom herds averaging 93 percent survival rate .
A strong focus on heifer management impacts profitability from many angles , and the compounding impact of successful heifer management substantially supports successful long-term sustainability .
( The author is a veterinarian and director of cattle technical services with Zoetis . They also hold a master of science degree and MBA . )
MALIBU , Calif. — Miles Reynolds scored 22 points on 8-for-13 shooting to lead Pacific to an 81-72 win over Pepperdine on Saturday night .
Roberto Gallinat added 19 points and Lafayette Dorsey had 16 for Pacific , which shot 53 per cent from the field to pick up its first back-to-back road wins since joining the West Coast Conference . Jahlil Tripp had nine points , nine rebounds and eight assists for the Tigers ( 12-13 , 7-5 ) .
Tied at 62-all late in the second half , Gallinat hit a jumper to spark a 5-1 spurt and put Pacific on top for good . Pepperdine tightened the gap to 67-65 on two free throws by Darnell Dunn with 5:30 left , but the Waves got no closer .
Eric Cooper Jr. had 19 points for Pepperdine ( 4-20 , 1-11 ) , which has lost 14 of its last 15 games . Kameron Edwards added 16 points and Matthew Atewe had 14 for the Waves .
Agencies , New Delhi
State Bank of India , the top public sector lender , along with other PSU lenders — Punjab National Bank and Union Bank — today cut their benchmark lending rates by up to 90 basis points , which is expected to boost credit demand and growth .
The rate slash comes a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi called upon banks to lend more to the poor and middle class . The SBI cut down its one-year marginal cost of funds lending rate ( MCLR ) by 0.9 percent from 8.90 percent to 8 percent for one-year tenure , while the PNB has cut its MCLR by 0.7 percent to 8.45 percent from 9.15 percent .
The Union Bank of India reduced its rate by 0.65-0.9 percent to 8.65 percent . With the banks possessing huge liquidity by way of massive deposits following the demonetisation , the Government had been urging banks to pass to cut lending rate to benefit the borrowers .
Welcoming the Banks ' decision , Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said in a tweet , “ Welcome reduction of interest rates by SBI . Loan disbursement expected to pick up . Positive for economy . '' “ Trend of Interest rate reduction follows demonetisation . Banks have substantial quantum of low-cost Funds now , '' Mr Das in another tweet .
Corbyn and McDonnell have repeatedly singled out Google and Amazon as tax-avoiding baddies and vowed to get “ aggressive ” with them… turns out aggressive means Labour paying Google Ireland Limited £250,000 and US-based Amazon Web Services £22,000 during the general election .
Labour also gave Associated Newspapers , publisher of the Daily Mail , £12,000 for advertising during the campaign . The Corbynista ‘ Stop Funding Hate ' cranks not so loud about that one…
RICHMOND , Va. — Virginia is set to end a yearslong partisan battle and expand Medicaid after the state Senate voted Wednesday to approve a budget that expands the program 's eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults .
The Senate passed Medicaid expansion by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage .
The budget still needs final approval from the House and Democratic Gov . Ralph Northam . But that 's expected to happen with little difficulty .
Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion , according to a tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation .
Wednesday 's vote marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor . A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year .
Sen. Ben Chafin , a Republican lawmaker from Virginia 's economically depressed southwest coal country , announced their support for expansion on the Senate floor . They said their rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need .
“ I came to the conclusion that no just was n't the answer anymore , ” Chafin said .
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed , saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state 's budget needs for schools and public safety .
“ This is raising the cost of health care and will do nothing to help the people of Virginia , ” said GOP Sen. Mark Obenshain .
Expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income families was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act advanced by former President Barack Obama .
Virginia Democrats have pushed for years to expand Medicaid , saying their state should not pass up the roughly $ 2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state . Republicans had previously blocked past expansion efforts , saying the long-term costs were unsustainable .
President Donald Trump has sought to negate their predecessor 's health law — but ironically , their administration 's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans to expand health care for the poor .
A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people , Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program , now covering 1 in 5 people . Obama 's health care overhaul gave states the option of expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income adults .
The GOP-controlled General Assembly 's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections . Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave last year , as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House . And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia 's Republican state legislators to flip positions .
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans are eager to take the issue off the table for next year 's election , when both House and Senate seats are up .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — The Chiefs have spent seven weeks insisting that everybody in their beleaguered locker room was hanging together , even as their season was threatening to fall apart .
They showed on Sunday what they were talking about .
Their offence produced big plays for the second straight week . Kareem Hunt finally got going on the ground again . Their defence , which hardly sniffed the quarterback while the Chiefs lost six out of seven to fall into a tie atop the AFC West , dropped the Raiders ' Derek Carr three times . And special teams was nearly flawless with Harrison Butker knocking through four field goals .
Three phases , all working in tandem , to produce a crucial 26-15 victory over Oakland .
“ One thing I thought , everybody rallied together and supported each other , ” Chiefs coach Andy Reid said . “ Not that they have n't before , but if something did n't go quite right they were all in there . ”
There were plenty of things that had n't been going right lately .
But on a sun-splashed December afternoon at Arrowhead Stadium , and against most odds , the Chiefs managed to turn them back around . They did it without suspended star cornerback Marcus Peters , injured centre Mitch Morse and one of the hottest teams in the division on the opposite sideline .
Oakland had won two straight and three of four to forge a tie in the AFC West race .
“ I mean , it was good to see everybody hitting on all cylinders . Everybody 's got their mojo back , ” Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce said . “ I feel like we 're rolling out there . I feel like we 're very confident . We just have to keep tuning it up and get it going for next week . ”
The Chiefs ( 7-6 ) viewed their game against Oakland ( 6-7 ) as crucial to their playoff hopes .
Their game Saturday night against the Chargers is even more important now .
Meanwhile , the Raiders struggled against a team that they handled in October , especially on the offensive side . Derek Carr threw for 211 yards with a late touchdown and two picks , and Marshawn Lynch was held to 60 yards rushing — 49 of which came on two carries .
“ We really wanted this one , ” Raiders coach Jack Del Rio said . “ It was not about want-to , it was not about preparation or energy or effort . It was about execution . We did not execute well enough today . They did . And we have to give them credit . ”
ROOKIE ROLLING : Hunt 's performance gave them 1,046 yards rushing for the season , making them the second Chiefs rookie to top the 1,000-yard mark . Joe Delaney , whose career was cut tragically short when they drowned trying to save three kids in a Louisiana pond , accomplished the feat in 1981 .
“ No matter what my numbers are , it was important to get a big-time win and keep it going , ” said Hunt , who also had three catches for 22 yards . “ Keep doing what we 're doing . ”
SPEAKING OF RUNNING : The Raiders had allowed 100 yards rushing once in their past seven games , a big reason why they had turned their season around . But they were gashed for 165 yards by the Chiefs , including a 13-yard touchdown run by Charcandrick West that helped put things out of reach .
“ We needed this , ” Raiders linebacker Bruce Irvin said . “ They started faster . We tried to rally at the end , but when you fall behind a team like that , it 's hard to come from behind . ”
INJURY NOTES : Raiders wide receiver Amari Cooper reinjured their left ankle , which had them questionable for the game . They also lost defensive end Clive Walford to a concussion and defensive lineman Mario Edwards Jr. to an ankle injury that kept them out the entire second half .
The Chiefs got through the game unscathed , though Morse was inactive because of a foot injury .
ANOTHER RECORD : Butker hit four field goals , including a 53-yarder , to give them 28 on the season . That broke the rookie record of 25 set by Ryan Succop in 2009 and matched by Cairo Santos two years ago . Butker also has three 50-yard makes , one shy of the franchise record .
PAGING PETERS : Reid said they expect Peters to return to practice Monday . The volatile young cornerback was barred from team 's facility last week , and subsequently lost a week 's worth of pay , after a series of embarrassing incidents . Terrance Mitchell mostly handled their duties against Oakland .
“ Marcus will be back and he 'll be playing , doing their thing , ” Reid said . “ That 's where we 're at . There was nothing different . There was n't any extra change of any of that . The guys know that if somebody is down , the next man steps in and goes . ”
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
By CHARLES ODUM
AP Sports Writer
ATLANTA ( AP ) – Dansby Swanson hit an RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning and the Atlanta Braves , boosted by Freddie Freeman 's two home runs , beat the San Diego Padres 5-4 Monday night for a four-game sweep in their first series at SunTrust Park .
Swanson 's bases-loaded hit fell just in front of diving left fielder Allen Cordoba . The Braves have followed a five-game losing streak with five straight wins .
Freeman had four hits and drove in three runs . Their second homer tied it in the eighth .
Jim Johnson ( 2-0 ) pitched the ninth .
Kurt Suzuki hit a one-out single in the Braves ninth off closer Brandon Maurer ( 0-1 ) . With two outs , pinch runner Chase d'Arnaud advanced to third on Emilio Bonifacio 's bloop single in front of Cordoba 's dive .
An intentional walk to Ender Inciarte loaded the bases for Swanson , whose first career game-ending hit again fell beyond the reach of a charging Cordoba .
By Karen Pierog and Dave McKinney
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - The Chicago Public Schools sued Illinois on Tuesday claiming the state 's method of education funding discriminates against its largely black and Hispanic student body .
The lawsuit , filed in Cook County Circuit Court , uses the state 's Civil Rights Act to seek to invalidate Illinois ' school funding system . The district wants to avoid the fate of previous school funding lawsuits that faltered in Illinois , which like CPS is reeling from deep financial problems .
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel , who controls CPS , said the state funding formula is `` in violation of the civil rights of our children . ”
“ It penalizes poor kids in poor school districts and rewards wealthy kids in wealthy school districts - just the opposite of what we should do , ” Emanuel told reporters .
CPS officials have been critical of a move last year by Republican Governor Bruce Rauner to veto a bill that would have provided the district with $ 215 million in state money for pensions . The move punched a hole in the district 's already shaky budget , leading to spending cuts and unpaid furlough days for teachers .
The nation 's third-largest public school system is struggling with pension payments that will jump to $ 733 million this fiscal year from $ 676 million in fiscal 2016 , as well as drained reserves and debt dependency . The fiscal woes have pushed its general obligation credit ratings deep into the junk category and led investors to demand fat yields for its debt .
The lawsuit also seeks to invalidate Illinois ' system for funding teacher pensions . CPS has railed against how it must maintain and fund its own teachers ' pension system , while districts in the rest of Illinois are in a state-wide retirement fund that is heavily subsidized by the state .
The lawsuit comes on the heels of a recent attempt to revamp the way Illinois funds schools and the willingness by state Senate leaders to include a new funding formula in a bill package to end the state 's nearly 20-month budget impasse .
ELUSIVE FIX
School funding has been a politically volatile subject in Illinois for decades , pitting low property tax-generating school systems or those with mostly minority students against well-funded systems in wealthy Chicago suburbs much less reliant on state funding . Since the 1970s , the sides have played to a political stalemate in the state legislature , which has rejected efforts at a statewide fix to solve the disparity between the haves and the have-nots in Illinois education .
The social ramifications of the debate came to a head in 2008 , when nearly 2,000 Chicago school students boarded buses bound for one of Illinois ' wealthiest , highest-achieving school districts in Chicago 's north suburbs and demanded to be enrolled .
The move orchestrated by advocates of Chicago 's public schools and several ministers made its visual point clearly but did nothing to advance the cause for more equitable school funding in Springfield , Illinois ' capital .
Illinois Secretary of Education Beth Purvis said a report released on Feb. 1 by a bipartisan commission `` recommends an equitable school funding formula that defines adequacy according to the needs of students within each school district . ''
`` The governor remains focused on moving forward these recommendations and hopes that CPS will be a partner in that endeavor , ” Purvis said in a statement .
Language on how to achieve that adequacy or how to come up with an additional $ 3.5 billion for schools over 10 years , as the report recommended , has yet to surface in the legislature .
General state aid to CPS in fiscal 2017 totals $ 952.5 million , about the same amount as in fiscal 2016 , according to the district 's budget .
LONG ODDS
For 40 years , Illinois courts generally have ruled that arguments to change how public schools are funded should play out before the Illinois legislature , not in the state 's courtrooms . Based on that string of rulings , a prominent public education advocate in Illinois described the Chicago school litigation as a legal long-shot .
“ I think any time you have this kind of history , it suggests that it 's a very difficult bar to overcome . Having said that , I think we 're always hopeful something will happen that will cause the inequity issue to be addressed , ” said Roger Eddy , executive director of the Illinois Association of School Boards and a former state lawmaker and school superintendent .
Music of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : dailyguideafrica.com
2017-10-06
Music duo Reggie and Bollie
Sensational Ghanaian duo , Reggie and Bollie of the X-Factor UK fame , have cautioned that embarking on solo projects while in a group is detrimental to the success of any musical group .
The group who won Best UK Music Artiste at the recently held 2017 International Achievement Recognition Awards ( IARA ) told 3FM 's Urban Blend Show with Miriam Osei Agyemang that artistes lose their identity as solo artistes once they agree to form or join a group .
“ It is , therefore , necessary to put the interest of the group above any other individual interest no matter the circumstances , ” they advised .
They bemoaned the growing feud between the brothers of one of African 's iconic music groups , P-Square , describing it as unfortunate because they are considered as a model for many upcoming groups in Africa .
The duo advised P-Square to strive to keep their differences away from the public and work at restoring sanity to the group .
Last week , a video of the estranged P-Square brothers , Paul and Peter , in a heated fight with their elder brother who also doubles as their manager in their lawyer 's office following the ongoing disagreement and split of the group went viral on the internet . Representatives of the group are yet to issue a statement regarding the incident .
Touching on their new appointment as tourism ambassadors for Ghana , the excited Reggie and Bollie explained that their primary task is to project the beautiful sight and sound of Ghana in their act as entertainers to make Ghana the ideal tourism destination in Africa .
Reggie and Bollie praised the development in Ghanaian music over the years , having begun their musical careers in Ghana before relocating to the UK , they acknowledged there are a lot of ingenuity amongst artistes from Ghana that has contributed to putting Ghanaian music on the world map , listing Flowking Stone , Wutah , Stonebwoy , Shatta Wale and Samini as their top five artistes .
Much of the Upper Midwest and Eastern U.S. is in the midst of a February cold blast . Wind chills this morning along the I-95 corridor from Washington , D.C. , to Boston are in the low teens and single digits . The wind chills are below zero in interior New England .
Interested in Weather ? Add Weather as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Weather news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
ABC News
Single-digit wind chills are expected Saturday morning for much of the Midwest , including Chicago , Columbus and Detroit . Chilly winds will be felt all the way south to the Florida-Georgia border , where wind chills will be in the 20s .
ABC News
Temperatures in the East will moderate a bit on Sunday , but a bitter blast of cold air will move into the Upper Midwest and Northern Plains . The wind chill in Minneapolis Sunday morning will be nearing -20 , as a wind-chill advisory has been issued for other parts of Minnesota and the Dakotas . With wind chills of -20 to -30 , frostbite could develop in as little as 30 minutes .
ABC News
ABC News
The Upper Midwest also will see more freezing-cold wind , with snow in the Dakotas and light snow falling as far east as Indianapolis . This disturbance is expected to slide south and east , dropping snow into Iowa , Illinois and Wisconsin tonight . By Sunday , the storm may tap into some moisture across the south and bring heavy rain , ice and snow to the Eastern U.S .
ABC News
ABC News
Light to moderate snow will develop and move through the Ohio Valley and Great Lakes tomorrow morning . Heavier bursts of snow will limit visibility greatly in cities including Louisville , Columbus , Erie , Detroit and Chicago .
Of particular concern will be a combination of snow , freezing rain and sleet that will fall between the northern suburbs of Atlanta and Southwest Virginia . In addition to a light accumulation of snowfall , a thin layer of ice may form , making travel in this region treacherous . Atlanta should be warm enough to stave off any serious ice issues itself .
The interior Northeast , especially Buffalo , Watertown and Burlington , will get more snow as the I-95 corridor can expect more rainfall .
ABC News
This developing storm may drop 2 to 4 inches of snow from Iowa to Maine . Some Great Lakes areas may see extra moisture and snowfall totals closer to 6 inches , especialy in Western Michigan and Northwest New York . Watertown may see 10 inches because of lake-effect snow .
Meanwhile , areas out west may see temperatures 15 to 20 degrees above average .
ABC News
On Friday , there were several record highs in California :
Riverside , 87 degrees ( tying a record from 1995 )
San Francisco , 73 degrees ( breaking a record of 69 degrees in 1995 )
Woodland Hills , 87 degrees ( tying a record from 1995 )
ABC News
Today and tomorrow , the West may see record highs throughout the region , especially in California . Temperatures in the Los Angeles and San Diego metro areas will be 80 degrees or higher -- about 10 to 15 degrees above normal .
Most of the western U.S. will see milder temperatures today , with 50s expected from Denver to Seattle .
Joel Barlow High will host a girls Lacrosse alumnae game on Saturday , May 20 , at 1 p.m. at the Barlow stadium field . All former players are invited to come and challenge the current varsity team . Food and refreshments will be available after the game .
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail :
Country : Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below , I acknowledge and agree to Penton 's Terms of Service and to Penton 's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton 's or its third-party partners ' products , services , events and research opportunities . Penton 's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton 's Privacy Policy .
Transcript for The British city at the center of a Russian spy scandal
Gon na see a bright spot in the morning them consoles were some moments sunny intervals would about it through the morning them if you like showers as well . They high today of twelve to parades . Hi my name 's Martin stopped I think that for so owns pirate fan which he 's the local radio station missiles rate . Source free ice sold described this week . 1690 miles west of London and and that kind of beneath them though how . The world thinks about schools that . If that quintessentially English 63 . Great run great I think the common Steve you . If such a beautiful beautiful city . And that many people will come to souls braved it was stayed here they were visited Stonehenge . Was the true . Imprisoned in Russia afraid to come to push through another critically ill in hospital when . The news broke about It 's that is weak opening Pullman Russian spy and and attempted murder happening in schools please . But if it 's because you could n't be here and then the world 's media descended on Seoul 's Korea and thieves they still pixels but beast underneath . Under that need useful life . It was it 's a good a couple of days to think it east and a cosmonaut who 's from the two schools . Well tonight on the roads this morning and security heading into salt on the downs right that 's the thing . Later today . At its site for the that the biggest stories locally for us it 's been the consent of the well fat two rockets the manager of the new pub I Philippe and Hari . Because of the piece called the executions and its top . If Levy 's Pat Roberts behind . And that we were taking hundreds of cools them messages on social media about that the welfare of these two wrap it . As a radio station we were able to to highlight we write to to get in touch weekly food should beneath and then I think they need on . Wednesday or Thursday that someone of being needed Fred and walked to the rapid never going to be a case that . Today to the kind of things that are affecting the people but living and working in Seoul spree and we day . Eleventh that speak to the local businesses I think out . Not to normally quaint strip between some pretty pieces of yet that we from culminates on fifteenth street installed pretty good . Cordon around the supermarket extended than people who on the side not punish king about whether they know what they 've done their asking how do I still get into the seat market . If this fight and consistent with the front and I could n't how mandated to get my bills and to get my break the bank and to get money supply that . But they are who very terribly British and Ayman . Mossy stuck you with us fight fat when they shout of ice and what they thought . They sell and and it 's the initial Schultz that we school on the front pages of the newspapers of the guys in the house Nazis was . Was a little bit scary but the thing about reading that information seeing as it utensils for is that . That we all know these people then when you come into when you 're talking about it that 's . Let 's put the plight of athletes says they had to sit on the right hand side of and that 's been that 's what he 's talking about not the fact that this has not states and its . Potentially . A nerve agent and I 've had to take it away with talking about it is that these without coal . And we that the police officers while he 's been in post but so that people that would no news nick by the ninety 's found me and people can buy them as it and he 's been back there and they do n't want to be known as a hero and boss everybody 's been focusing on the fifth inflation kind of odd things would just look at . Of it because people but we know and we live in schools we weave in and look around . We just about it buffeted but the partition it fit and to get on with it . I think reports that we 're living in Korea . Greatly exactly .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
SAN DIEGO ( CNS ) - Recently retired men 's basketball coach Steve Fisher headlined a star-studded class named Wednesday to San Diego State University 's Aztec Hall of Fame .
Other inductees are basketball point guard D.J . Gay , track and field star Whitney Ashley , and football players Craig Penrose , a quarterback , and Whip Walton , a linebacker .
Fisher is credited with turning around a moribund hoops program into one of the best on the West Coast during their 18 years as head coach , winning 10 Mountain West conference titles , going to eight NCAA tournaments and making 13 postseason appearances overall .
The Aztecs had n't won an NCAA Tournament game before their arrival . During their tenure , the Aztecs went to the Sweet 16 twice .
Gay was the floor general for teams that twice went to the National Invitational Tournament and then made two NCAA appearances , including the 34-3 team that went to the Sweet 16 in 2011 before falling to eventual champion Connecticut .
Ashley won the 2012 NCAA title in the discus throw , becoming SDSU 's fourth individual champion at the time and first since 1985 . They were also a three-time first-team All-American in the discus and shot put .
Penrose transferred from Colorado and became SDSU 's starting quarterback in 1974 and 1975 , leading the nation in passing in their senior year . They later played four seasons for the Denver Broncos and one for the New York Jets .
Walton was a four-year starter from 1974-77 , one of Aztec football 's most successful periods . They teamed with longtime Green Bay Packer Michael Douglass and Travis Hitt to form perhaps the best linebacker corps in school history , and their 407 tackles are still the most ever by an Aztec .
SDSU will officially induct the group at a luncheon at the Payne Parma Goodall Alumni Center on Sept. 16 . The 2017 class will be honored later that evening at halftime of the Aztecs ' football game against Stanford .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
BUCHAREST , Romania — More than 10,000 people on Sunday participated in another round of protests against Romanian legislation that critics say would make it harder to punish high-level corruption .
The main protest outside government offices in Bucharest brought out thousands on Sunday and riot police closed roads due to the large numbers . There also were anti-government demonstrations in the cities of Cluj and Iasi . Protesters blew whistles and chanted , “ Justice , not corruption , ” and called for early elections .
Ruxandra Slavoaca , a retired geological engineer who was at the protest in Bucharest with their husband , accused the left-wing ruling coalition of “ making corruption official. ” They added that ordinary people had “ the right to dignity , respect and prosperity . ”
Former Prime Minister Dacian Ciolos and opposition leaders also took part in the protest .
Romania 's Parliament is in the process of approving a series of laws that protesters argue would bring the justice system under greater political control .
U.S . Ambassador Hans G. Klemm said Sunday that if Parliament backtracked from current anti-corruption laws , Romania could be at risk of Russia seeking to undermine the country 's stability . Romania , a European Union member , has cool relations with Russia .
Thousands of Romanian magistrates , the European Commission and President Klaus Iohannis have criticized the proposals .
A number of senior politicians from the ruling coalition are facing corruption-related charges from probes they claim are politically motivated .
LAS VEGAS — Claire Foy says the controversy over their pay for the Netflix series “ The Crown ” has changed their approach to Hollywood .
“ It definitely opened my eyes to a lot . And I certainly wo n't be naive about those things , ” Foy said in an interview on Monday in Las Vegas . “ It 's really opened my eyes about what I am allowed to have an opinion about , and what I 'm allowed to stand up for myself about . And I think that 's really changed my approach to myself and other women in this industry . It 's been only a positive thing — even though , embarrassing . ”
A producer disclosed last month that Foy , who starred as Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , was paid less than Matt Smith , who played Prince Philip , because Smith was better known .
The gender pay gap has become a big issue in Hollywood after revelations that many female stars have been paid less than their male counterparts . Foy and Smith are being replaced by older performers in the next season of the show .
Foy was in Las Vegas promoting “ The Girl in the Spider 's Web , ” which completed filming this month . It 's based on the fourth book in Stieg Larsson 's popular Millennium series revolving around hacker Lisbeth Salander , previously been played in movies by Noomi Rapace and Rooney Mara .
Foy said they had n't sought their blessing before beginning their work .
“ I mean , we are all actores . We all know the game . I do n't doubt for a second that those two incredible actores do n't both hate me and also … ”
Director Fede Alvarez interjects that they did indeed get Rapace 's blessing .
“ I met them at the premiere of their last movie and we got introduced and I told them what I was doing and they really wished us good luck and they knew you were doing it , ” they said .
“ You got them blessing ? Did you ? They never told me this , ” Foy said , laughing . “ Oh , well there you go . One down ! One to go . ”
The 34-year-old actor says they exercised intensively to play the character — and got a new hairstyle .
“ I got an undercut , which is something that I never thought I would have in my life . Which is great ! Then all their tattoos and just how they move and the clothes that they wear . I loved being them every day , actually . It was very liberating thing , ” Foy said . “ Because I did n't have to worry about being attractive or being liked or any of that nonsense that women quite often have to wake up every day thinking how does the world see me ? And it was really nice to wake up and just be like , like this . What you see is what you get . I quite enjoyed that . ”
“ The Girl in the Spider 's Web ” is set for release in November .
Staff Report
NEWBERRY — Instant Admission Day will be April 18 for summer classes which begin on May 17 . Admissions counselors will be on hand to help students through the entire enrollment process in just one day .
“ We wanted to provide students with a one-stop option to complete the enrollment process , ” said Renae Frazier , dean of admissions .
During the Instant Admission Day , students can apply , take the placement test and register for classes with a counselor . The one-day event came about to help students who had expressed an interest in classes at Piedmont Tech , but had not yet applied for admissions or registered for classes .
Students who register during the Instant Admission Day event will also become VIPs for the summer term . VIPs receive their first choice of classes and the $ 25 registration fee is waived . Summer VIP registration runs through April 28 . Open Registration begins May 1 .
Instant Admission Day will be held from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Students interested in attending should bring their official high school transcript or GED Score report , official college transcripts if they have completed any previous college courses , and a photo ID .
Students registering for the fall will need to bring their 2015 tax return . The tax return of a parent will be needed if students are under age 24 . The process will take two to four hours to complete , but will include everything the student will need to enroll in classes .
“ Our goal here at Piedmont Technical College is to help students transform their lives , ” Frazier said . “ Instant admission is designed to help students move on to the next step – to achieve their goals . ”
BOGOTA — As a meeting last August in the Oval Office to discuss sanctions on Venezuela was concluding , President Donald Trump turned to their top aides and asked an unsettling question : With a fast unraveling Venezuela threatening regional security , why ca n't the U.S. just simply invade the troubled country ?
The suggestion stunned those present at the meeting , including U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R . McMaster , both of whom have since left the administration . This account of the previously undisclosed conversation comes from a senior administration official familiar with what was said .
In an exchange that lasted around five minutes , McMaster and others took turns explaining to Trump how military action could backfire and risk losing hard-won support among Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for taking Venezuela down the path of dictatorship , according to the official . The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the discussions .
But Trump pushed back . Although they gave no indication they were about to order up military plans , they pointed to what they considered past cases of successful gunboat diplomacy in the region , according to the official , like the invasions of Panama and Grenada in the 1980s .
The idea , despite their aides ' best attempts to shoot it down , would nonetheless persist in the president 's head .
The next day , Aug. 11 , Trump alarmed friends and foes alike with talk of a “ military option ” to remove Maduro from power . The public remarks were initially dismissed in U.S. policy circles as the sort of martial bluster people have come to expect from the reality TV star turned commander in chief .
But shortly afterward , they raised the issue with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos , according to the U.S. official . Two high-ranking Colombian officials who spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid antagonizing Trump confirmed the report .
Then in September , on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly , Trump discussed it again , this time at greater length , in a private dinner with leaders from four Latin American allies that included Santos , the same three people said and Politico reported in February .
The U.S. official said Trump was specifically briefed not to raise the issue and told it would n't play well , but the first thing the president said at the dinner was , “ My staff told me not to say this. ” Trump then went around asking each leader if they were sure they did n't want a military solution , according to the official , who added that each leader told Trump in clear terms they were sure .
Eventually , McMaster would pull aside the president and walk them through the dangers of an invasion , the official said .
Taken together , the behind-the-scenes talks , the extent and details of which have not been previously reported , highlight how Venezuela 's political and economic crisis has received top attention under Trump in a way that was unimaginable in the Obama administration . But critics say it also underscores how their “ America First ” foreign policy at times can seem outright reckless , providing ammunition to America 's adversaries .
The White House declined to comment on the private conversations . But a National Security Council spokesperson reiterated that the U.S. will consider all options at its disposal to help restore Venezuela 's democracy and bring stability . Under Trump 's leadership , the U.S. , Canada and European Union have levied sanctions on dozens of top Venezuelan officials , including Maduro himself , over allegations of corruption , drug trafficking and human rights abuses . The U.S. has also distributed more than $ 30 million to help Venezuela 's neighbours absorb an influx of more than 1 million migrants who have fled the country .
For Maduro , who has long claimed that the U.S. has military designs on Venezuela and its vast oil reserves , Trump 's bellicose talk provided the unpopular leader with an immediate if short-lived boost as they were trying to escape blame for widespread food shortages and hyperinflation . Within days of the president 's talk of a military option , Maduro filled the streets of Caracas with loyalists to condemn “ Emperor ” Trump 's belligerence , ordered up nationwide military exercises and threatened with arrest opponents they said were plotting their overthrow with the U.S .
“ Mind your own business and solve your own problems , Mr. Trump ! ” thundered Nicolas Maduro , the president 's son , at the government-stacked constituent assembly . “ If Venezuela were attacked , the rifles will arrive in New York , Mr. Trump , ” the younger Maduro said . “ We will take the White House . ”
Even some of the staunchest U.S. allies were begrudgingly forced to side with Maduro in condemning Trump 's saber rattling . Santos , a big backer of U.S. attempts to isolate Maduro , said an invasion would have zero support in the region . The Mercosur trade bloc , which includes Brazil and Argentina , issued a statement saying “ the only acceptable means of promoting democracy are dialogue and diplomacy ” and repudiating “ any option that implies the use of force . ”
But among Venezuela 's beleaguered opposition movement , hostility to the idea of a military intervention has slowly eased .
A few weeks after Trump 's public comments , Harvard economics professor Ricardo Hausmann , a former Venezuelan planning minister , wrote a syndicated column titled “ D Day Venezuela , ” in which they called for a “ coalition of the willing ” made up of regional powers and the U.S. to step in and support militarily a government appointed by the opposition-led national assembly .
Mark Feierstein , who oversaw Latin America on the National Security Council during the Obama administration , said that strident U.S. action on Venezuela , however commendable , wo n't loosen Maduro 's grip on power if it 's not accompanied by pressure from the streets . However , they think Venezuelans have largely been demoralized after a crackdown on protests last year triggered dozens of deaths , and the threat of more repression has forced dozens of opposition leaders into exile .
“ People inside and outside the administration know they can ignore plenty of what Trump says , ” Feierstein , who is now a senior adviser at the Albright Stonebridge Group , said of Trump 's talk of military invasion of Venezuela . “ The concern is that it raised expectations among Venezuelans , many of whom are waiting for an external actor to save them . ”
Associated Press writer Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report .
It is 2pm and we are continuing to negotiate for a peaceful resolution . — Livermore PD ( @ LivermorePolice ) April 24 , 2018
Livermore PD investigating home invasion robbery . Suspect possibly hiding inside a residence . Officers working on peaceful resolution . — Livermore PD ( @ LivermorePolice ) April 24 , 2018
Livermore PD is currently working an incident in the area of Wagoner Dr and Coronado Way . Please avoid the area . We will provide updates as we can . pic.twitter.com/Xc8XLUlWKH — Livermore PD ( @ LivermorePolice ) April 24 , 2018
Livermore police this afternoon are investigating a home invasion robbery where the suspect may be hiding inside a residence.Police asked people to avoid the area of Wagoner Drive and Coronado Way at about 12:30 p.m.They wrote on Twitter at 1:20 p.m. that they are `` working on a peaceful resolution '' with the suspect.Sources tell ABC7 News they believe the suspect is armed with a rifle and are using drones to gather information at the scene .
WellCare is spending $ 2.5 billion to become the biggest Medicaid coverage provider in Michigan and Illinois and add an in-house pharmacy benefit manager , following the lead of competitors like UnitedHealth and Cigna .
Pharmacy benefit managers , or PBMs , run prescription drug coverage . Insurers have been pushing to build or buy these businesses in large part to improve how they share patient data and manage care . They 're also trying to gain better control of prescription drug costs .
Cigna Corp. said in March that it would spend $ 52 billion on Express Scripts Holding Co. , one of the nation 's biggest PBMs . The Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer Anthem is building a PBM with help from CVS Health Corp. , which is buying the insurer Aetna .
Meanwhile , the nation 's largest insurer , UnitedHealth Group Inc. , has created one of the biggest PBMs through its Optum business .
WellCare Health Plans Inc. said late Tuesday that it will buy the privately held insurer Meridian in a cash deal it expects to close this year . Meridian has about 1.1 million customers and a pharmacy benefit manager that mainly serves that customer base .
The deal gives WellCare geographic diversity and revenue and earnings growth opportunities , Leerink analyst Ana Gupte said in a research note . They called the addition of the PBM “ icing on the cake . ”
Medicaid is the state- and federally run program for people who are poor or have disabilities . Tampa , Florida-based WellCare covers more than 3 million people , mostly by running Medicaid coverage in Florida , Georgia , Kentucky and Missouri .
US retail sales increased 0.4 percent in January , as spending picks up at gas stations and restaurants .
Taiwan 's EVA Air posted a full-year 2016 net profit of TWD3.5 billion ( $ 107 million ) , down 46 % from the company 's TWD6.4 billion 2015 net result .
The Taipei-based airline reported TWD115.5 billion in operating revenue for the year , down 0.3 % from TWD115.9 billion in revenue for 2015 ; operating expenses totaled TWD99.6 billion , up 1.1 % year-over-year ( YOY ) . EVA 's resulting operating profit for the year came to TWD15.9 billion , down 8.5 % from TWD 17.4 billion in 2015 .
EVA Air carried 11.2 million passengers in 2016 , up 11.7 % YOY . Full-year traffic was up 16.1 % to 40.9 billion RPKs ; capacity 17.2 % to 51.2 billion ASKs , producing a full-year load factor of 80 % , down 2.8 points from 2015 . Air freight traffic was down 2 % YOY to 3.6 billion FTKs . EVA 's passenger yield fell 10 % YOY to TWD2.09 ; the airline 's cargo yield dropped 18.4 % YOY to TWD5.84 .
EVA Air took direct delivery of one new aircraft in 2016 , a Boeing 777-300ER in June .
The airline also announced new codeshare partnerships with Thai Airways in October , and Air India in December .
Mark Nensel mark.nensel @ penton.com
BRISTOL , VA ( WJHL ) — Several law enforcement agencies are on scene at the Walmart off of Lee Highway in Bristol , Virginia after someone found an suspicious object in the parking lot .
Washington County , Virginia Sheriff Fred Newman says the object was spotted on top of a trash can . Law enforcement have quartered off the parking lot and are not allowing cars to enter .
According to Sheriff Newman , Bristol , Va. Police , the Washington County Virginia Sheriff 's Office , Virginia State Police and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives are responding .
Sheriff Newman said the object appears to be a metal pressure cooker . They said law enforcement could use a robot to further examine the object .
Sheriff Newman told News Channel 11 people inside Walmart do not appear to be in any danger . They said officers have blocked off the front entrance to the building , but customers are being allowed to exit at the side of the building .
Copyright WJHL 2017 . All rights reserved .
Osun west by-election : Adeleke , Hussein , Falade pick PDP , APC , SDP tickets respectively
By Gbenga Olarinoye
Osogbo—Candidates for three political parties that will participate in the Osun West senatorial by-election scheduled for July 8 , 2017 have emerged .
The seat became vacant following the death of Senator Isiaka Adeleke on April 23 , 2017 .
A former member of the House of Representatives , Hon . Bade Falade yesterday picked the ticket of the Social Democratic Party , SDP , in the primary election ahead of the July 8 Osun West senatorial district by-election .
Hon . Falade emerged the winner at a primary conducted in Iwo , Iwo Local Government Area of Osun State , where they polled 15 votes to beat their challenger , Rasheed Adeyemo , who polled 12 votes . Chairman of the election committee , Chief Dada , who announced the results said 28 delegates took part in the process .
Meanwhile , There was wild jubilation at the Osun West senatorial headquarters in Iwo when the younger brother of late Senator Isiaka Adeleke , Otunba Ademola Adeleke picked the ticket to contest for the vacant seat on the platform of Peoples Democratic Party , PDP .
Adeleke 's emergence became possible when two other contestants for the ticket , Senator Akinlabi Olasunkanmi and Mr. Olayiwola Falabi stepped down for him .
Otunba Adeleke had earlier been screened and given clearance by the Progressives Congress screening and election committee while senator Mudashiru Hussein , who is the preferred candidate of Governor Aregbesola was disqualified .
The national working committee of the party , however upturned the report of the appeal committee which equally sustained the disqualification of Senator Mudashiru Hussein .
Hussein also clinched the ticket under the APC at the primary held in Osogbo .
The upturn of the decision of the screening and appeal committee by the NWC of the party gave Adeleke the suspicion that the primary might not be credible and transparent .
The post Osun west by-election : Adeleke , Hussein , Falade pick PDP , APC , SDP tickets respectively appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Chew on this : First-place Eagles . First-place Rams . First-place Bills .
Throw in the Redskins and — sit down for this one — the Jets , and maybe these teams are a lot better than prognosticated when the season kicked off .
One month into the schedule , NFL teams usually have found their identity . Not so for most of the league in 2017 , with the specific exceptions of the Chiefs at the top , the Browns , 49ers and Chargers at the bottom .
There are only eight clubs with losing records through one-quarter of the season , and a gaggle of 13 at 2-2 — including three in the AFC South . The break-even teams include the Patriots , Cowboys , Raiders and Seahawks .
All of them were considered , and probably still should be , as playoff favourites .
The fascinating stuff , though , focuses on those surprises , including that first-place trio not even their staunchest fans could have predicted would be up front at this point .
EAGLES ( 3-1 )
Philadelphia bolted from the gate last season , winning three straight before stumbling to 7-9 . This quick start has a different feel .
For one , Carson Wentz looks to have taken a major step in maturity as a quarterback . They do n't try to force things , in part because of their comfort level with coach Doug Pederson 's system . They also have more talent around him .
And more leadership with such veterans as Chris Long , LeGarrette Blount and Alshon Jeffery on board .
“ Those are very helpful , beneficial , because they 're a big impact to what we 're doing and the success we 've had this early part of the season , ” Pederson says .
“ And the other thing , too , is these are veteran players who have been on , in Chris 's case ( and Blount 's ) , on championship teams . They know how to work . They know how to practice . They know how to prepare . And that 's what you want . You want those types of guys in and around your football team . ”
Philly has some defensive issues to settle , with a series of injuries in the secondary and to star DT Fletcher Cox . The Eagles have allowed 52 points in the fourth quarter .
RAMS ( 3-1 )
While most of Los Angeles concentrates on the Dodgers or USC or UCLA , the Rams quietly have put together an offence that is outperforming its purported strength , the defence . LA 's 142 points easily lead the NFL , and Jared Goff has been a revelation in their first full season as a starter . They lead the league in four key passing categories .
Yes , the revitalization of 2015 Offensive Rookie of the Year Todd Gurley has been huge — Gurley is second rushing with 362 yards and has scored seven touchdowns ( four rushing , three receiving ) . There 's also been an influx of veteran talent here : T Andrew Whitworth , LB Connor Barwin and WR Sammy Watkins .
New coach Sean McVay , at 31 the youngest in NFL history , has energized the offence with their schemes and aggressiveness , while passing on the praise .
“ I think what good coaches do is they put their players in situations to have success , but ultimately , those players are the ones that are making those plays , ” McVay says .
“ You feel fortunate to be a part of that and I think the players have done a good job , but I also ca n't say enough about our coaching staff . Everybody talks about Jared and what he 's done , and he 's done an excellent job .
“ But I also think it 's important to know how heavily involved ( offensive co-ordinator ) Matt LaFleur and ( QBs coach ) Greg Olson are in their development and those day-to-day things where he 's got an ownership on what we 're trying to get done . ”
BILLS ( 3-1 )
The previous time the Bills made the playoffs , America was worrying about the Y2K virus . It 's the NFL 's longest post-season drought .
To say right now that Buffalo is on the verge of ending that streak is foolish . It 's the third time since 2000 the team has been 3-1 or better . The Bills finished with losing records the previous two times .
Still , with a defence that has allowed the NFL 's fewest points ( 54 ) , and consecutive defensive masterpieces against Denver and Atlanta , the Bills should n't be dismissed .
If QB Tyrod Taylor remains efficient , outstanding running back LeSean McCoy stays healthy and productive , and the D continues to be dynamic , the Bills could have staying power .
REDSKINS ( 2-2 )
Their performance in a loss at Kansas City was almost as impressive as their throttling of Oakland the previous week .
Undermanned and facing the league 's only undefeated team , the Redskins were the better squad for much of the night .
Kirk Cousins , franchise-tag-be-damned , has elevated their game ; he 's been the NFC East 's best QB so far . He 's doing it with a so-so group of wideouts and a shuffling deck at running back .
Washington 's defence has been the real discovery , though . A sieve for portions of last season , it has found a pass rush and , while not dominant , has been effective overall . But it 's banged-up now , with top cornerback Josh Norman sidelined .
JETS ( 2-2 )
The Jets made regular appearances in late-night monologues and prognostications of 0-16 seemed not that farfetched .
Well , they 've won their past two games , both at home , and head to 0-4 Cleveland with a shot at a winning record .
Their offence has been much more capable than anyone imagined , and they appear to have two studs at safety in rookies Jamal Adams and Marcus Maye .
If they manage to win six times with this roster — other than a matchup with the Chargers , the schedule is rugged — Todd Bowles should be coach of the year .
Even if Andy Reid goes 16-0 .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the `` activate now '' button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
MONTREAL — China 's Ruoteng Xiao is the new men 's all-around champion after winning gold on Thursday night at the gymnastics world championships .
Xiao finished with a score of 86.933 points , ahead of compatriot Chaopan Lin ( 86.448 ) and Kenzo Shirai ( 86.431 ) of Japan .
Canadian Zachary Clay finished 21st for their best result at a world championship . Their best performance was on pommel horse , where they scored 13.566 for ninth .
The women 's all-around final is Friday night .
GUELPH , ON – Size and human resources issues were behind the recent sale of MacKinnon Transport to Contrans Group , that took just 24 days from handshake to final close .
Former president and CEO of MacKinnon Transport , Evan MacKinnon , says the company was doing well , but could n't overcome some of the challenges associated with their size , forcing them to choose to grow , or sell the family business .
“ Our revenue was amazing . Out linehaul margin was excellent . We were just at a size that it was no longer practical , ” they said .
MacKinnon consistently needed 35 % more drivers than it had over the past several years , coming up short with a driver leaving for retirement nearly every time a new one was brought on .
Most of MacKinnon 's employees have been with the company for more than 20 years , and some of them are more than 70 years old . With 25 % of their workforce topping 65 , Evan said it was hard to get that number to grow .
Before selling to Contrans , MacKinnon looked at growing their business by purchasing another company , but found the same age concerns at other fleets . While a partnership was n't ruled out , Evan said Contrans Group has the knowledge and skill when it comes to buying smaller fleets and made the process easy and quick .
With experience in acquisitions and cash on-hand , Evan says Contrans made the process as smooth as possible . For the MacKinnons , the timing was good as well .
“ The wintertime is always a struggle with flatbed trucking , ” they said .
Although Alex MacKinnon , Evan 's son , and 90 % of their employees were kept on by Contrans Group , the elder MacKinnon is one of just five employees who did n't transfer to the new Aberfoyle location with the sale .
Alex is now the director of sales and business development for the flatbed division at Contrans .
“ He 's got their hands full , ” Evan says of their son . “ He 's very good at sales . He 's got a great opportunity to grow – he 's young and he 's smart . ”
Evan is now unemployed for the first time since they were 12 years old .
With a new grandchild just days old , MacKinnon says he 'll take some time to spend with family and probably spend some of the coming winter months in Arizona , but that does n't mean retirement is in their immediate future .
“ I 'm only 60 years old , so I need to do something . There 's lots out there to do , so I 'll have fun , ” they say .
The other four employees not kept by Contrans due to redundancies have already found employment elsewhere MacKinnon says .
“ It 's not all a bad news story . There 's lots of opportunity in this industry , no one is going to be unemployed . ”
Exhausted by the process of closing down the company so quickly , Evan says there are still a lot of loose ends to clean up at the Guelph , Ontario location . That process has proven to be emotional at times , as the senior MacKinnon closes a business started by their family in 1929 .
Contrans has agreed to keep the MacKinnon company name and branding the same , in addition to keeping the majority of the staff . How will it feel to watch MacKinnon trucks roll down the highway without having a hand in running the fleet ?
“ It 'll be different , ” says Evan .
Even though the company is no longer run independently , Evan says it 's good the entity is still intact – keeping their family 's name on the road a little bit longer .
“ It 's what my dad has done their entire life . it 's what I 've done since I can walk . ”
A major road-work project is set to begin Tuesday to repair Interstate 78 through Lehigh County , between the Berks and Northampton county lines , Gov . Tom Wolf 's administration announced Monday .
The $ 7.64 million effort is expected to be complete in August 2018 , and will require lane closures .
The municipalities through which I-78 passes in Lehigh County are Allentown and the townships of Weisenberg , Upper Macungie , Lower Macungie , South Whitehall , Salisbury and Upper Saucon .
`` Interstate 78 is an important part of the Lehigh Valley 's and Pennsylvania 's transportation network , and making these repairs will benefit tourism , commerce and the everyday commuter , '' Wolf said in a news release .
Starting on Tuesday , motorists can expect weeknight nighttime ( 7 p.m. to 6 a.m. ) lane restrictions and 24-hour lane restrictions on various weekends on I-78 West between Exit 49 ( Route 100 ) and the Berks County line until the end of October . There will be no restriction on major holiday weekends .
Work will then resume next spring both east- and westbound . The Pennsylvania Department of Transportation said updates would be provided whenever traffic patterns change .
Motorists are advised to expect delays and use caution traveling through the area , PennDOT says .
Driver pleads in drunken crash that killed passenger
Work includes milling , concrete patching , bituminous patching , overlay , pavement markings and other miscellaneous construction , according to PennDOT :
`` Motorists are reminded to be alert for these operations , to obey work zone signs , and to slow down when approaching and traveling through work zones . These precautions are not only for their safety , but for the safety of the road crews . ''
Atglen , Pa.-based J.D . Eckman Inc. is the general contractor on the project .
The average daily traffic volume on this section of I-78 ranges from 34,116 to 92,896 vehicles , according to PennDOT .
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow them on Twitter @ KurtBresswein . Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook .
The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating their punishment .
With the 22-year-old representing himself , the process is sure to be unconventional . But even if Roof is sentenced to death , it 's highly unlikely he 'd be executed anytime soon .
While prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston , Roof said last week they plan on calling no witnesses and presenting no evidence .
Roof was found guilty last month on 33 federal charges , including hate crimes and obstruction of the practice of religion . A jury took less than three hours to return its verdict , and a judge dismissed the jury for a break over the holidays .
Typically in what 's known as the sentencing phase , defense attorneys call relatives and other witnesses to testify about their client 's unsteady state of mind before and during the crimes . Given that background , the defense hopes , a jury might be more likely to spare the defendant 's life and opt against the death penalty .
But Roof , who is acting as their own attorney , has said they plan to do no such thing .
In their journal , which was read in court during their trial , Roof said their does n't believe in psychology , which they called `` a Jewish invention '' that `` does nothing but invent diseases and tell people they have problems when they do n't . ''
Roof also seems to be determined to try to keep evidence embarrassing to them or their family out . Not only did they take over their own defense , but they asked the judge at a hearing Wednesday if they could file a motion limiting what prosecutors can introduce .
Roof also was adamant that a transcript of a hearing where they were found mentally competent not be released to the public .
`` I know this is not a legal argument , but the unsealing of the competency hearing defeats the purpose of me representing myself , '' Roof said at last week 's hearing .
Neither Roof , nor U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel nor prosecutors have given specifics on the evidence Roof is objecting to .
On Thursday , Gergel ordered another competency evaluation of Roof `` in an abundance of caution , '' after their standby counsel filed a sealed motion again questioning Roof 's mental ability to proceed . The judge 's order specified they saw no reason to delay Tuesday 's start of the penalty phase .
Roof 's lawyers tried repeatedly both to stop them from being their own lawyer and to work mental health-related evidence into the first phase of their trial , saying they feared Roof fired them because they feared the attorneys would present evidence that would embarrass them when trying to save their lives .
Prosecutors objected at every turn , and Gergel would n't allow any of it into court , ruling mitigation evidence is allowable during sentencing and not before .
Court papers show prosecutors are expected to present evidence showing that Roof picked their victims because of their race , killed them to incite more violence , showed no remorse and killed three particularly vulnerable people who were 70 years old or older .
Evidence speaking to Roof 's mental state , one expert argues , could make the difference between life and death .
`` The Dylann Roof case is a classic example of the type of problem you can have when an obviously mentally ill or emotionally disturbed defendant is permitted to represent himself , '' said Robert Dunham , executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center . `` There 's a huge difference in the eyes of a jury between someone they perceive as evil or despicable and someone they perceive as being seriously mentally ill. ... If you take mental health out of it , you are putting a thumb on the scale of death . ''
Both the judge 's decision to allow Roof to represent themselves and waive the introduction of mental health evidence are sure to be raised in an inevitable appeal , Dunham argued .
Roof also faces nine murder charges in state court , where prosecutors have also said they will seek the death penalty in a trial likely to begin sometime next year .
Whether he 's sentenced to death or not , it 's unlikely Roof would be executed anytime soon , in either jurisdiction . The federal government has n't executed anyone since 2003 , and there are years of appeals between a death sentence being levied and carried out .
South Carolina 's death chamber has n't been used since 2011 , due at least in part to a lack of availability for the drugs the state uses for lethal injection .
———
Associated Press writer Jeffrey Collins contributed to this report .
———
Kinnard can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of their work at http : //bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ .
BUFFALO , N.Y. — Two shots off the crossbar and another one off of St. Louis goalie Carter Hutton 's skate were the difference in the Blues securing a 1-0 win over the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday night .
Of the 27 saves Hutton made in earning their third shutout of the season , one their last stops proved to be their finest with 32 seconds left . Hutton spread-eagled through the crease to have Sam Reinhart 's one-timer bank off their right skate blade .
“ I think it jammed them a bit , and they tried to get it off quick and luckily enough I get a skate on it and it stayed out , ” Hutton said .
Otherwise , Hutton was also thanking the crossbar , which played a factor at both ends of the ice in the final minutes .
Carl Gunnarsson scored with 5:41 left , when their shot from the blue line sneaked through a crowd and banked in off the crossbar behind goalie Robin Lehner .
The Sabres were on the receiving end of yet another unfortunate bounce with 3 seconds left , when Rasmus Ristolainen 's blast from the blue line hit the crossbar and stayed out .
“ We hit the bar and it goes in . They hit the bar and it goes at the end , ” Hutton said . “ That 's the way it goes sometimes . ”
It was a timely goal for Gunnarsson , too , coming in their first game back in the lineup after the defenceman sat out the previous three as a healthy scratch .
“ We got lucky , but it 's good to see it go in , ” said Gunnarsson , who was set up at the point by teammate Peter Stastny winning a faceoff to the left of the Sabres net .
Lehner simply shook their head about a fraction of an inch deciding a game in which they stopped 32 shots .
“ I know I saw it late , ” Lehner said of Gunnarsson 's goal . “ They throw , I do n't know , 60 or 70 shot attempts and one goes through . You want to be in position , but they scored the goal . ”
St. Louis won its fourth in five games while bouncing back from a 3-1 loss at Boston on Thursday . The Blues also continued their domination of the Sabres by improving to 11-1 in their past 12 meetings and 21-3 in their past 24 dating to the 1998-99 season .
The Sabres have dropped the first three games of a five-game homestand . And the Eastern Conference 's last-place team continues having difficulty generating offence , particularly at home .
The Sabres are last in the league in scoring with 117 goals overall and just 47 in 24 home games .
Reinhart was frustrated when asked a second time about their missed opportunity .
“ I 've got to talk about it again ? I mean , it is what it is , ” said Reinhart . “ I do n't know what you want me to say . I 've got to put it in the net . ”
Both goalies put on a show .
Hutton made two key saves during a Sabres power play with just under eight minutes left . First they got a piece of Kyle Okposo 's slap shot from the right circle and recovered in time to stop Ryan O'Reilly attempting to convert the rebound at the right post .
Lehner 's best stops came during a short span just under six minutes into the third period . Evander Kane 's giveaway led to Brayden Schenn breaking in alone . Faking right and going to their left , Schenn had Lehner down only to shoot it into the goalie 's pad . Some five seconds later , Lehner got across to their left in time to smother Vladimir Tarasenko 's one-timer from the slot .
“ It could 've gone either way , ” Sabres coach Phil Housley said . “ It 's just what we 've got to deal with right now . We 've got to find a way . ”
NOTES : Former Sabres captain and current Blues assistant coach Steve Ott nearly took the wrong turn out of the elevator on way to the locker room during first intermission . Ott laughed and said : “ I did n't spend any time in the press box here as a healthy scratch. ” … Sabres C Johan Larsson served the first of a two-game NHL suspension for cross-checking Florida forward Vincent Trocheck in the face during Buffalo 's 4-2 loss on Thursday . … The Sabres activated D Nathan Beaulieu from IR and sent RW Nicholas Baptiste to AHL Rochester .
UP NEXT
Blues : Host Minnesota on Tuesday .
Sabres : Continue a five-game homestand against Anaheim on Tuesday .
——
More NHL hockey : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Researchers in 2014 asked users to take a personality survey and download an app , which scraped some private information from their profiles and those of their friends , activity that Facebook permitted at the time and has since banned .
The technique had been developed at Cambridge University 's Psychometrics Center . The center declined to work with Cambridge Analytica , but Aleksandr Kogan , a Russian-American psychology professor at the university , was willing .
Dr. Kogan built their own app and in June 2014 began harvesting data for Cambridge Analytica .
They ultimately provided over 50 million raw profiles to the firm , said Christopher Wylie , a data expert who oversaw Cambridge Analytica 's data harvesting . Only about 270,000 users — those who participated in the survey — had consented to having their data harvested , though they were all told that it was being used for academic use .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Facebook said no passwords or “ sensitive pieces of information ” had been taken , though information about a user 's location was available to Cambridge .
So was Facebook hacked ?
Facebook in recent days has insisted that what Cambridge did was not a data breach , because it routinely allows researchers to have access to user data for academic purposes — and users consent to this access when they create a Facebook account .
But Facebook prohibits this kind of data to be sold or transferred “ to any ad network , data broker or other advertising or monetization-related service. ” It says that was exactly what Dr. Kogan did , in providing the information to a political consulting firm .
Dr. Kogan declined to provide The Times with details of what had happened , citing nondisclosure agreements with Facebook and Cambridge Analytica .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Cambridge Analytica officials , after denying that they had obtained or used Facebook data , changed their story last week . In a statement to The Times , the company acknowledged that it had acquired the data , though it blamed Dr. Kogan for violating Facebook 's rules and said it had deleted the information as soon as it learned of the problem two years ago .
But the data , or at least copies , may still exist . The Times were recently able to view a set of raw data from the profiles Cambridge Analytica obtained .
What is Facebook doing in response ?
The company issued a statement on Friday saying that in 2015 , when it learned that Dr. Kogan 's research had been turned over to Cambridge Analytica , violating its terms of service , it removed Dr. Kogan 's app from the site . It said it had demanded and received certification that the data had been destroyed .
Facebook also said : “ Several days ago , we received reports that , contrary to the certifications we were given , not all data was deleted . We are moving aggressively to determine the accuracy of these claims . If true , this is another unacceptable violation of trust and the commitments they made . We are suspending SCL/Cambridge Analytica , Wylie and Kogan from Facebook , pending further information . ”
In a further step , Facebook said Monday that it had hired a digital forensics firm “ to determine the accuracy of the claims that the Facebook data in question still exists. ” It said Cambridge Analytica had agreed to the review and that Dr. Kogan had given a verbal commitment , while Mr. Wylie “ thus far has declined . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
What are others saying ?
Facebook , already facing deep questions over the use of its platform by those seeking to spread Russian propaganda and fake news , is facing a renewed backlash after the news about Cambridge Analytica . Investors have not been pleased , sending shares of the company down around 7 percent on Monday .
■ Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota , a Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee , has pressed Mark Zuckerberg , Facebook 's chief executive , to appear before the panel to explain what the social network knew about the misuse of its data “ to target political advertising and manipulate voters . ”
■ The attorney general of Massachusetts , Maura Healey , announced on Saturday that their office was opening an investigation . “ Massachusetts residents deserve answers immediately from Facebook and Cambridge Analytica , ” they said in a Twitter post . Facebook 's lack of disclosure on the harvesting of data could violate privacy laws in Britain and several states .
■ Damian Collins , a Conservative lawmaker in Britain who is leading a parliamentary inquiry into fake news and Russian meddling in the country 's referendum on leaving the European Union , said this weekend that he , too , would call on Mr. Zuckerberg or another top executive to testify .
By DAVE HANNEMAN
Staff Writer
LIMA — It did n't take long for Lima Senior 's Jarius Ward to hit the 1,000-point milestone .
Or start on their next thousand .
Ward scored the first basket of the game to top 1,000 career points , then pumped in eight more points in the first quarter . The 6-foot-2 senior capped their 26-point night with two free throws with 6.6 seconds left in overtime and the Spartans survived one final last-ditch effort by a gritty Findlay team in a 56-53 Three Rivers Athletic Conference win over the Trojans .
“ After a rocky start , they put this team on their back and carried us , ” Lima Senior coach Quincy Simpson said after Lima Senior won its fifth straight game and its ninth in the last 10 to improve to 14-6 overall and 9-4 in the TRAC .
Beating a long-time rival like Findlay obviously put a little luster on Ward 's milestone game . But in typical Findlay/Lima Senior fashion , this one went to the wire .
Findlay trailed by eight ( 19-11 ) after the first quarter , by nine ( 27-18 ) late in the second and by 10 ( 36-26 ) midway through the third .
The Trojans were still down by eight ( 45-37 ) with 3:25 left in regulation , but suddenly caught fire .
Credit sophomore guard Ryan Roth with lighting the fuse .
Roth hit a 3-pointer from the key , was fouled and completed the 4-point play to trim that deficit in half .
They halved it again when they came up with a steal and score again , then , after Jaleel King answered for Lima Senior , they got Findlay within one ( 47-46 ) with their second 3-pointer of the period and fourth of the game .
Lima went up 49-46 when B.J . Miller got free of a screen , but Kyle Nunn tied it with a 3-pointer with 50 seconds left in regulation .
Lima ran clock trying to set up the last shot . But a double team and a bad pass put the outcome back in Findlay 's hands . The Trojans ran some clock as well , but Nunn 's jumper under heavy pressure , would n't fall .
Findlay led twice in overtime : 51-50 when R.J. Nunn found their brother Kyle on a backdoor cut to the basket , and 53-52 when Kyle Nunn , after missing a shot , came up with a steal and laid it in with 54.2 on the clock .
King 's two free throws with 28.2 seconds showing put Lima Senior back up by one and , following a traveling call , Ward 's two free throws made it 56-53 .
Another turnover seemed to clinch it for Lima Senior . But Findlay scrapped for a loose ball , got it and had one final chance . Roth 's long 3 , though , was off the mark .
Kyle Nunn finished with 18 points and a team-high nine rebounds . Roth had 15 points . Drew Hapner had six points and eight rebounds , but the 6-3 senior missed much of the game because of foul trouble in the first half and a hand injury in the second .
R.J. Nunn added eight points for the Trojans , who had a seven-game winning streak halted in dropping to 14-6 overall and 8-4 in the TRAC .
“ I liked our fight , ” said FHS coach Jim Rucki .
“ We did n't shoot the ball as well as we needed ( 18 of 46 ) . Some of that is because of their defense , They defended us really well and their half-court pressure is really good .
“ We turned the ball over more than we should , some late in the game .
“ It did n't look good at times but we battled , we fought back , we got it into overtime .
“ Our heads dropped some when we were down three in overtime and turned the ball over . But just like that we got a steal and got a decent look to tie it . You have to keep playing all the time , that 's the lesson we have to take from this . ”
Findlay is home on Friday when the Trojans host state-ranked and TRAC leading Toledo St. John 's ( 17-2 , 10-1 TRAC ) .
Findlay ' junior varsity also staged a fourth-quarter comeback , and held on to beat Lima Senior 's reserves 52-48 .
findlay ( 14-6 , 8-4 trac )
Miller 2-5 0-0 6 , Roth 5-9 1-1 15 , K. Nunn 7-19 2-4 18 , R. Nunn 3-6 2-2 8 , Hapner 1-4 4-5 6 , Logsdon 0-1 0-0 0 , Gutting 0-2 0-0 0 , Schumm 0-0 0-0 0 , White 0-0 0-0 0 . TOTALS : 18-45 9-12 — 53 .
lima senior ( 14-6 , 9-4 trac )
Upshaw 1-3 0-0 2 , Miller 3-5 2-4 9 , Ward 11-18 3-6 26 , King 1-4 5-6 7 , Clair 0-2 1-2 1 , Curtis 1-1 0-0 2 , Long 0-0 1-2 1 , Quinones 2-4 0-0 4 , Williams 2-3 0-0 4 , Coleman 0-0 0-0 0 . TOTALS : 21-41 12-20 — 56 .
Findlay 11 12 12 14 4 — 53
Lima Senior 19 8 13 9 7 — 56
3-Point GOALS : Findlay 8-18 ( Miller 2-5 , Logsdon 0-1 , Roth 4-8 , K. Nunn 2-3 , R. Nunn 0-2 ) ; Lima Senior 2-12 ( Miller 1-3 , Ward 1-4 , King 0-1 , Clair 0-1 , Quinones 0-2 .
rebounds : Findlay 28 ( K. Nunn 9 , Hapner 8 ) ; Lima Senior 27 ( Ward 7 ) .
turnovers : Findlay 15 , Lima Senior 12 .
junior varsity : Findlay , 52-48 .
Comments
comments
HELP THE ANIMALS & GET GREAT DEALS SHOP THE BEST LITTLE THRIFT STORE IN THE RIM COUNTRY NOW AT 434 S. Beeline Hwy . ( Behind Time Out Thrift ) Open 10-5 Tues. thru Sun . 928-951-2587 Donations gratefully accepted .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
TO ADVERTISE ON OUR BLOG
The above are paid ads . To place yours for just $ 25/month , call Jim Keyworth at ( 928 ) 474-8787 or e-mail peoplesgazette @ gmail.com . Banner ads are also available across the bottom and top of the blog .
( The Rim Country Gazette Blog is currently averaging over 5,000 visits per month . Our readership survey shows Gazette readers are better educated and more affluent than the average newspaper reader . Gazette Blog ads reach the people most likely to vote and to use your services and products . )
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
NEWARK , N.J. ( AP ) — An upscale New Jersey town violated anti-discrimination laws by insisting that a proposed mosque have more parking spaces than churches or synagogues because of its unique worship times and traditions , a federal judge has ruled .
The ruling issued Saturday by U.S. District Judge Michael Shipp stated that Bernards Township violated the Religious Land Use and Institutional Persons Act by applying a different standard to Muslims .
Shipp found the township 's planning board had `` unbridled and unconstitutional discretion '' because of its vague parking requirements .
The Islamic Society 's application to build the mosque was denied after more than three years and 39 public hearings . The group sued the township in March .
The Islamic Society 's attorney , Adeel Mangi , had argued that parking requirements were the tool municipalities used to thwart construction of mosques .
`` This truly is a landmark ruling with national impact , '' Mangi told NJ.com .
Bernards Mayor Carol Bianchi issued a statement criticizing the judge 's ruling . The town had argued that it was completely appropriate to insist a mosque provide more off-street parking than a comparably sized church or synagogue because of its unique worship times and traditions .
`` The Township vehemently disagrees with the court 's decision and awaits a full analysis of the 57-page decision by its attorneys , who only learned of the decision on New Year 's Day , '' the statement said . `` The Township will consider how to the best move forward including appealing the decision when ripe for appeal . ''
The mosque has said its peak worship time was likely Friday afternoon prayers . Township planners determined that because congregants would most likely be arriving straight from work , every worshipper would require a parking space .
Shipp , though , noted that the township had not conducted individual assessments of worship habits when churches or synagogues came before its boards . By its own admission , the town applied a different standard to Muslims , they wrote .
Shipp did not take into account the sentiments expressed in emails from township officials that were revealed in documents filed in the case , Mangi noted . In those , officials disparaged the Islamic Society 's president , former mayor Mohammed Ali Chaudry , and passed around jokes calling President Barack Obama a Muslim .
GO ANYWHERE ! Shreveport Louisiana ( 2/13/17 ) : SkyRunner , LLC manufacturer of the SkyRunner vehicle is elevating the off-road industry to new heights . The dual purpose , FAA approved off-road aircraft
MEXICO CITY — Hurricane Nate gained force as it headed toward the central Gulf of Mexico early Saturday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 21 deaths . Forecasters said it was likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast over the weekend .
Louisiana and Mississippi officials declared states of state of emergency and Louisiana ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall Saturday night or early Sunday . Evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf .
Mississippi 's government said it would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast , with buses available for people who ca n't drive .
The U.S. National Hurricane Center warned that Nate could raise sea levels by 4 to 7 feet ( 1.2 to 2.1 metres ) from Morgan City , Louisiana , to the Alabama-Florida border . It had already had caused deadly flooding in much of Central America .
The centre added metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain to its latest hurricane warning .
The storm had maximum sustained winds of 80 mph ( 128.74 kph ) and was likely to strengthen over the Gulf of Mexico , reaching the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans late Saturday , according to the hurricane centre .
The storm was located about 420 miles ( 675.89 kilometres ) south-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River and was moving north-northwest at 22 mph ( 35 kph ) .
Authorities cancelled Friday afternoon classes in parts of Mexico 's Caribbean coast state of Quintana Roo , where Cozumel and Cancun are located . But Gov . Carlos Joaquin said it appeared the storm would stay well offshore and not hit land , adding “ that , I believe , is good news . ”
In Nicaragua , Nate 's arrival followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen . Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides .
Nicaragua 's vice-president and spokesperson , Rosario Murillo , said that at least 11 people had died in that country due to the storm . Earlier Thursday they had said 15 people had died before later revising to say some of those were still counted as missing . They did n't give details on all the deaths , but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa .
Costa Rica 's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing . Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters .
In Honduras , there were three dead and three missing , according to Oscar Triminio , spokesperson for the country 's firefighters .
Damage caused by the storm prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras , which had been scheduled for Friday night .
In Louisiana , Gov . John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops , with 15 headed to New Orleans to monitor the fragile pumping system there .
With forecasts projecting landfall in southeast Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane , Edwards urged residents to ready for rainfall , storm surge and severe winds — and to be where they intend to hunker down by “ dark on Saturday . ”
Louisiana 's governor said Nate is forecast to move quickly , rather than stall and drop tremendous amounts of rain on the state . State officials hope that means New Orleans wo n't run into problems with its pumps being able to handle the water .
Edwards warned , however , against underestimating the storm .
The National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane warning from Grand Isle , Louisiana to the Alabama-Florida border .
Officials ordered the evacuation of part of coastal St. Bernard Parish east of New Orleans ahead of the storm . Earlier Thursday , a voluntary evacuation was called in the barrier island town of Grand Isle south of New Orleans .
New Orleans officials outlined steps to bolster the city 's pump and drainage system . Weaknesses in that system were revealed during summer flash floods .
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement 's New Orleans office said in a news release that as of midday Thursday , six production platforms , out of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf , had been evacuated . No drilling rigs were evacuated , but one movable rig was taken out of the storm 's path .
The agency estimated less than 15 per cent of the current oil production in the Gulf of Mexico has been shut-in , which equates to 254,607 barrels of oil per day .
Muslim group hits Nigerian Army , NYSC again over Ramadan
A coalition of fifty Islamic Propagation Organisations , under the aegis of the Da'awah Coordination Council of Nigeria ( DCCN ) , has once again lamented the conduct of some activities by the Nigerian Army and the National Youths Service Corps ( NYSC ) , during the ongoing Ramadan fast . Speaking at a press conference held in Sokoto on Wednesday , National President [ … ]
Muslim group hits Nigerian Army , NYSC again over Ramadan
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — The Chiefs had lost four straight games , suspended arguably their best defensive player and reached such a nadir offensively that Andy Reid recently turned over play-calling duties to their co-ordinator .
Makes perfect sense this would be the week they 'd turn everything around .
Kareem Hunt churned for 116 yards and a touchdown in a performance reminiscent of earlier this season , the Kansas City defence fared just fine without star cornerback Marcus Peters , and the Chiefs beat Derek Carr and the Oakland Raiders 26-15 on Sunday in a crucial AFC West showdown .
“ To play the way we know we can play early , then to get challenged and get a rough patch and find our way out of it , I think guys have that confidence now , ” said Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith , who threw for 268 yards . “ All three phases were playing off each other , all three playing good team football . ”
The Chiefs ( 7-6 ) entered the game tied atop the division standings with the Raiders ( 6-7 ) and the Chargers , who played Washington later Sunday and visit Kansas City on Saturday night .
Now , they have some momentum heading into another important game .
“ Any time you have a divisional game , you know you 're going to have to come out and play . That 's just the accountability factor , ” Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce said . “ You know if you win the division , you get a ticket to the dance . ”
The Raiders likewise knew the importance of Sunday 's game at Arrowhead Stadium .
“ There 's definitely a moment when you say , ‘ What 's going on here ? ” ‘ said Carr , who was 24 of 41 for 211 yards with a touchdown and two picks . “ Was there a moment when we thought we did n't have it ? No . ”
Carr 's performance was a far cry from when the teams met in October . They threw for 417 yards and three touchdowns that day , including the winning toss to Michael Crabtree on the final play of the game .
That loss was part of a midseason swoon for Kansas City , which started 5-0 but lost six of seven to fall into a tie for the division lead — and put its once-solid playoff prospects in peril .
They 're looking a lot better now .
The Chiefs should also have Peters back next week . The volatile young star was suspended by Reid this week for a series of embarrassing incidents , including the throwing of an official 's flag into the stands in the Meadowlands . And while the trio of Steven Nelson , Darrelle Revis and Terrance Mitchell more than made up for him , Peters at their best offers unique game-changing ability .
Meanwhile , the Chiefs ' offence produced for the second straight week with offensive co-ordinator Matt Nagy calling the shots . The Chiefs got four field goals from Harrison Butker with their two TD runs , and they did n't have to punt until the fourth quarter .
“ They executed better than us , ” said Raiders linebacker Bruce Irvin , who had two sacks . “ Our objective is to win the game and that was unfortunate . So we have to keep pushing . ”
The Raiders did make it interesting late , recovering an onside kick after Lynch 's TD run . Carr connected with Jared Cook on fourth down for another score , and the 2-point conversion trimmed what had been a 26-0 deficit to 26-15 in a matter of minutes .
But after receiving the kickoff , the Chiefs ' Albert Wilson made a juggling catch to convert a third down , and that allowed the reigning AFC West champs to mostly run out the clock .
“ We need to control the things we can control . Get ready for the Cowboys , ” Raiders coach Jack Del Rio said . “ That 's what we do . That 's what you do in this business . It 's a tough one today . We obviously came in with high hopes . Everything we wanted to accomplish in our season was in front of us . It was a big day and big moment , and we did not play well . ”
RECORD ROOKIE
Hunt 's performance gave them 1,046 yards rushing for the season , making them the second Chiefs rookie to top the 1,000-yard . Joe Delaney , whose career was cut tragically short when they drowned while trying to save three kids in a Louisiana pond , accomplished the feat in 1981 .
COOPER HURT
Raiders WR Amari Cooper was active after they were cleared of a concussion and a sprained left ankle was deemed OK . But they left in the second quarter with a right leg injury when they were blocking downfield on a run by DeAndre Washington , and a defender rolled into the back of him .
OTHER INJURIES
The Raiders also were missing two defensive starters in CB David Amerson ( foot sprain ) and LB Cory James ( knee ) , while DE Mario Edwards Jr. ( ankle ) left early in the second quarter and TE Clive Walford went down in the fourth . The Chiefs missed starting C Mitch Morse with a sprained foot .
UP NEXT
Raiders : return home to face the Cowboys next Sunday night .
Chiefs : get another AFC West contender when the Chargers visit Saturday night .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
SARASOTA , Fla. — Buck Showalter heard that Lance Lynn was pitching against the Orioles and knew he 'd be changing their lineup .
The Baltimore manager was n't concerned about the result of last week 's Grapefruit League game against Minnesota , played hours after Lynn officially joined the team . But Showalter figured the right-hander might start when the Twins travel to Camden Yards for a three-game season-opening series later this month .
With that in mind , Showalter saw an opportunity .
Even in spring training , when wins and losses are meaningless , managers are always hunting for significant matchups . That 's especially true along the Florida Gulf Coast , where all five AL East rivals train within about three hours of each other .
Picking and choosing spots for players has been key for Baltimore this spring because the Orioles play 14 of their first 17 regular season games against either division foes or the Twins , another regular spring opponent . When Minnesota signed Lynn to a free-agent deal a week ago Monday and announced them as the next day 's starting pitcher against the Orioles , Showalter stacked their lineup with regulars like Manny Machado , Trey Mancini and Pedro Alvarez — a somewhat unusual move for a road spring training game .
Thing is , the O 's are likely to see Lynn that first weekend of the season , and Baltimore 's players are largely unfamiliar with them because he 's been in the National League their whole career with St. Louis . The spring game was a valuable sneak peak at their stuff and delivery .
“ That 's why we got some of our guys over there , ” Showalter said .
They can only hope their Birds do better the next time they see Lynn . They struck out five in three hitless innings .
Showalter is also trying to shield their established starters from AL East rivals , keeping Dylan Bundy , Andrew Cashner , Kevin Gausman and Chris Tillman away from the Yankees , Red Sox , Rays , Twins and Blue Jays . It 's no accident that Miguel Castro and Mike Wright Jr. have combined for four starts against those teams — they 're in contention for the No . 5 starter spot , and Showalter wants to see how they fare against division opponents .
“ We want to see them in that environment to evaluate them better , ” Showalter said .
This is n't groundbreaking territory from Showalter , of course . The AL East clubs along the Gulf Coast often manipulate their rosters to either align or avoid matchups . Former Yankees manager Joe Girardi was especially aggressive about that .
“ We went a couple springs with Joe where we did n't see any of their starting pitchers , ” Showalter said .
Girardi was replaced this off-season by Aaron Boone , a first-time manager who spent 12 years as a major league infielder . They have n't been quite as selective as Girardi , but he 's cognizant of the value in certain matchups based on their experience as a player .
“ Any time you could see a pitcher that you 're going to face , you kind of sign up for that , ” Boone said . “ Especially someone you might see a lot . ”
Boone said balancing rosters is n't difficult in spring training because pitchers can always get in their work during simulated or minor league games . Luis Severino , Masahiro Tanaka and CC Sabathia have all taken turns in recent simulated games , and Showalter has done the same with Cashner and Gausman . It can actually be advantageous for the pitchers ' workloads to stay on the backfields , too , because sim and minor league games are flexible on the rules .
Not that Showalter is going to stress too hard about all that . Considering the constant roster shuffle , the lack of competitiveness and the Gulf Coast winds , there 's only so much advanced scouting to be done .
“ Evaluating down here is a real challenge , ” Showalter said . “ Spring 's a big fooler on both sides of it .
“ What does it really mean ? Not that much . ”
——
Follow Jake Seiner on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/jake–seiner
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
MILWAUKEE — Shortstop Tyler Saladino has a sprained left ankle and has been put on the 10-day disabled list by the Milwaukee Brewers , who recalled shortstop Orlando Arcia from Triple-A Colorado Springs before Wednesday 's game against the St. Louis Cardinals .
Saladino jammed their ankle into second base as they took a throw from second baseman Hernan Perez on a force play in the third inning Tuesday night . Saladino had to be helped off the field .
Saladino is hitting .324 in 16 games . Arcia had a .194 batting average in 44 games before they were sent down on May 25 .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
HAMILTON — Ontario 's Liberalpremier travelled to the heart of their NDP rival 's riding on Wednesday to portray themselves as the only seasoned stateswoman in the province 's election campaign capable of rising above the ideological fray .
At a stop in Hamilton outside a Stelco steel plant , Kathleen Wynne attacked both New Democrat Leader Andrea Horwath and the Progressive Conservatives ' Doug Ford as unyielding ideologues without the experience to fend off the threat of American steel tariffs .
“ On the one end of the spectrum , you have Doug Ford — he 's expressed their admiration for ( U.S. President ) Donald Trump , despite the chaos , the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario , ” Wynne said . “ On the other extreme , you have the NDP , who have historically campaigned against free-trade agreements — I would suggest a rigid and impractical position . ”
The United States has exempted Canadian steel and aluminum from new tariffs on an interim basis . The exemption is due to expire Friday .
While the federal government under Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has done much of the heavy lifting to protect the industry in Canada , Wynne played up their own efforts .
They 're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in some very tricky , very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials … That 's the reality of the role premier ( and ) we can not let ideology get in our way
“ Over the past year , I have met with 37 governors , I have met with senators , I 've met with congresspeople , I 've met with senior members of the U.S. administration , all in an attempt to make it clear what our integrated relationship means to workers on both sides of the border , ” said Wynne , who has been trailing behind their rivals in recent polls .
“ We were assertive , we were steadfast in our effort to make Ontario 's case to those decision makers . That threat of U.S. protectionism is not going to scare us off . ”
Wynne said Ontario has developed one of the strongest economies in North America under a Liberal government that worked with employees , business leaders , and political leaders on both sides of the Canada-U.S. border .
Voters have a choice on June 7 between them and their two inexperienced rivals , they said .
“ They 're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in some very tricky , very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials , ” Wynne said . “ That 's the reality of the role premier ( and ) we can not let ideology get in our way . ”
Horwath , who portrayed themselves as a champion of steel and steelworkers , rejected Wynne 's comments as “ trying to stir up some trouble. ” They said they had been vocal in their support of the industry .
“ Should I be given the opportunity to serve as premier I will be one of the biggest champions the steel industry has ever seen , ” Horwath said . “ It has literally , not only built our country and fuelled the economy of a nation , but it has absolutely and completely … built my city . ”
Meanwhile , the Tories , who have repeatedly come under fire for not yet releasing a costed platform , quietly updated their website Wednesday to show a more detailed compilation of the campaign promises they have made so far .
Ford has previously pledged to present a costed plan before the election but that has yet to happen .
“ We 've been talking about our plan every day and it 's all there in one spot to show Ontario voters the stark choice between a responsible and modest spending of a PC government and a radical NDP who will be disastrous for the people of Ontario , ” said Ford spokesperson , Melissa Lantsman . “ We are going to balance the budget in a responsible way . ”
Both Horwath and Wynne heaped scorn on the notion that Ford has released a full plan .
“ Look : This is not a fully costed plan , it 's not coherent , ” Wynne said at a second stop in Markham , Ont. , where they pushed their government 's transit record . “ All of the things that Doug Ford has said would add up to a $ 40-billion hole and they have no idea how they would find that . ”
Horwath was equally jaundiced , saying Ford 's writing of a “ list of things they might do and put it on the internet ” is not good enough .
People should know what Ford 's plans are , what he 's going to cut and what services might be at risk , “ the NDP leader said .
“ His list of things-to-do that they put on their website is not going to help people to decide which way to vote and what 's their best interest in this campaign , ” Horwath said . “ What 's worrisome is we have a leader who 's trying to take the chair of the premier in this province and he 's not being honest with people . ”
Earlier , Horwath shrugged off Liberal accusations that their NDP is too beholden to union interests . They rejected a Liberal allegation that their party has a questionable financial relationship with a group of unions known as Cornerstone — a for-profit group founded by eight unions . The Liberals allege the group has been financially supporting the New Democrat election campaign and operations .
The NDP has no financial relationship with Cornerstone , Horwath said . The governing Liberals , they added , have consistently made deals with special interest groups throughout their years in office .
“ This is a government , a party , that spent its time cutting deals with various interest groups to try to help them politically . So , I completely dismiss any accusations from Ms. Wynne on that file , ” Horwath said .
PORTLAND , Ore. — Jaelene Hinkle revealed they decided not to play for the U.S. women 's national team last year because their Christian faith prevented them from wearing a jersey that commemorated LGBTQ Pride Month .
Hinkle revealed the reason for their decision last June in an interview posted Wednesday on The 700 Club website . No formal reason for their absence was given by the national team at the time .
“ I just felt so convicted in my spirit that it was n't my job to wear this jersey , ” they said .
Hinkle has not been called up to the national team since .
A defender , Hinkle plays for the North Carolina Courage of the National Women 's Soccer League . The Courage visited the Portland Thorns on Wednesday night , and there were boos heard when they were announced in the starting lineup . Some waved rainbow Pride flags .
Hinkle did not comment after the match .
“ She is high on their faith , and in my honest option that 's absolutely incredible , ” teammate Jessica McDonald said . “ If she 's for God , then that 's fine , that 's great if that 's what keeps them going in their life and keeps positivity in their life , then let that be . ”
Courage coach Paul Riley said they heard the boos and echoed McDonald 's sentiment .
“ She 's got a good heart , and they battled through the game . It 's not an easy thing for her , ” Riley said . “ I give them a lot of credit to be perfectly honest . Whatever their beliefs are , whatever they believe in , that 's them It does n't affect the team . It does n't seem to affect anybody on the team . ”
The Courage , who rank atop the NWSL standings , beat the Thorns 4-1 .
Malacañang on Monday assured the public that President Rodrigo Duterte is finding a way to hike the pension of Social Security System ( SSS ) members while keeping the government-owned corporation afloat .
“ The President is looking for a win-win solution where they can give pensioners the increase they have been asking for while ensuring that SSS will remain solvent at all times , ” Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said in a statement .
Duterte earlier said that there is an “ impasse ” at the SSS as their economic advisers question the possibility of increasing pension by P2,000 .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ As the President said , they do not want to use taxpayers ' money , especially money of non-SSS members , should a funding problem arises because of the increase , ” Andanar said .
“ He will again confer and meet with their economic managers to solve the impasse , ” they added .
Militant party-list groups have been urging Duterte to sign the draft bill for the SSS pension hike , claiming there is no truth to the warnings of economic managers that the corporation will go bankrupt .
They claim that the increased pension will only shorten the fund life of the SSS , which can supposedly be addressed by the government through other mechanisms .
However , economic managers said it would raise the SSS ' unfunded liabilities from P3.5 trillion to P5.9 trillion . CDG
PARQUE PATAGONIA , Chile ( AP ) — Chilean President Michelle Bachelet signed decrees Monday creating vast new national parks using lands donated by a U.S. conservation organization in what is believed to be the largest private donation of land ever from a private entity to a country .
The agreement was signed by Bachelet and Kristine McDivitt Tompkins , the widow of Doug Tompkins , a founder of the North Face outdoor wear company who accumulated the land before their death .
It will create the new Pumalin and Patagonia national parks while expanding others to help create a `` Route of Parks . '' The string of 17 parks will span more than 1,500 miles ( 2,400 kilometers ) across the South American nation , stretching from Puerto Montt to Cape Horn .
In all , the plan ultimately seeks to increase Chile 's national parkland by more than 15,600 square miles ( 40,400 square kilometers ) . Bachelet said that would expand national parklands in Chile by 38.5 percent .
`` This is not only an unprecedented preservation effort , '' Bachelet said at a ceremony surrounded by pristine lands .
`` It 's also an invitation to imagine other ways of rationally occupying our lands , of creating other economic activities , of using natural resources without preying on them . In other words , it 's about generating sustainable development . ''
Tompkins Conservation , which is led by McDivitt Tompkins , said the area that will be protected is three times the size of the United States ' Yosemite and Yellowstone national parks combined , or about the size of Switzerland .
`` Today is a historic day for Chile and for the world . Today , Patagonia is protected with a new network of Parks , '' said Rodrigo Catalan , head of conservation at the World Wildlife Fund in Chile .
The lands will safeguard millenary forests , unique fauna and flora species , and one of the purest reservoirs of water in the world , they said . But they also present daunting challenges for conservation , including how they will be financed and how they will benefit local communities .
`` It 's a day to celebrate , but tomorrow , we have to think how we 're going to make this conservation real , '' they said . `` How are we going to manage and finance this great legacy . It 's a tremendous conservation legacy that we have to take care of for the world . ''
Since their husband 's death in a 2015 kayaking accident , McDivitt Tompkins worked to permanently protect from development the millions of acres the couple acquired over a quarter century .
Them husband was an American conservationist and co-founder of the North Face and Esprit clothing companies , and they used much of their fortune to buy huge tracts of land in Patagonia , a lightly populated region of untamed rivers and other natural beauty straddling southern Chile and Argentina .
At first , their purchases of land to preserve swaths of wilderness caused suspicion and strong opposition by local politicians , loggers , power companies and nationalists who stirred rumors that they were trying to steal water and other resources . But they promised they would eventually return the land to both governments to be preserved as nature reserves or parks .
`` This is a reflection of the power of dreams and ideas , built path by path , '' said McDivitt Tompkins .
`` We 're proof that nothing is impossible . No dream should go unfulfilled . ''
___
Associated Press video journalist Mauricio Cuevas reported this story in Parque Patagonia and AP writer Patricia Luna reported from Santiago . AP photographer Esteban Felix contributed to this report .
Adokiye Kyrian Replies Fan Who Asked For S * x On Instagram | SCREENSHOT
Acclaimed virgin Nigerian singer , Adokiye has ousted a fan who slid into their DM to ask them for their most priced possession – Them virginity ! The singer shared the chat online and said they are n't ready for s * x until after marriage ! Source : Instagram
The post Adokiye Kyrian Replies Fan Who Asked For S * x On Instagram | SCREENSHOT appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The National Institute of Standards and Technology does not mess around , of course , and when the organization publishes new rules , it 's best to just comply and move forward .
NIST ordered some new rules , and the deadline for manufacturers to comply with Special Publication 800-171 is fast approaching — December 31 , a little more than 13 weeks away .
If 800-171 affects you — and , for the record , it affects any manufacturer who works with controlled unclassified information ( CUI ) from certain government agencies , most notably the Department of Defense ( DoD ) , the General Services Administration ( GSA ) and NASA — you 've probably already at least started the process of an assessment and an update . If you have n't , well , time is short , according to Matt Kozloski , vice president of professional services at Kelser , a Connecticut-headquartered IT consulting firm .
“ Consulting time and organizational time after the assessment is about 300 hours , about six to eight weeks , ” Kozloski said , “ which is why I 'm concerned about people who 've waited until after September to do just the assessment , to meet that 12/31 deadline . ”
NIST 800-171 is rather comprehensive because it involves any manufacturer along the government supply chain . Even if you have no direct government contracts , you 're still affected if even one of your parts is used by a manufacturer who makes a part for , say , Boeing or Pratt & Whitney . It covers all the big names and loads more of the smallest manufacturers you 've never heard of .
Kozloski wrote an excellent blog post earlier this year that dives into pretty good about NIST 800-171 and the process of bringing your shop up to speed . If you still have work to do to become compliant , I recommend reading it . They provided some more perspective in a recent conversation with IndustryWeek .
Matt Kozloski : In some ways , people are struggling with this . Within the framework , we have n't found anyone to be 100 % compliant out of the gate . There 's always something , and normally more than one thing , that needs to be remediated for someone to become NIST compliant . It is a pretty comprehensive framework , and it can be complicated .
IndustryWeek : Within manufacturing , what are some of the biggest hurdles , some of the most common hurdles , that you see ?
MK : Manufacturers are sensitive to the cost of goods and the amount they 're spending on things . In some ways , IT security is an afterthought , it kind of takes a backseat to things like production and safety . What we 're finding , and what the government is finding with this controlled , unclassified information that 's out there , is that there are gaps in the way that manufacturers store and transmit information . That 's the biggest area of concern . They 're really good at having standard operating procedures about how to operate a machine , how to design a part , quality control and safety , but when it comes to transmitting and storing information , and even kind of classifying and separating that information , that 's the area that becomes a real challenge .
IW : You ask some questions near the bottom of your blog post , and one of them is “ How can those gaps be closed ? ” Obviously , there are a number of ways to address that . What might you suggest as some solutions to that question ?
MK : There are two parts to that . The first is understanding just logically where your information is — on your systems , on your network , and just where it is . The old cliché goes , “ If you ca n't see it , you ca n't manage it , ” and if you do n't know where your information is , it 's hard to classify and separate it . The first thing folks need to do is understand and take inventory of where their sensitive information is , who has access to it , things like that . The second thing is putting together a policy about who should have access to it and how that will be controlled .
IW : If we back up maybe a year ago , when I imagine this process started for a lot of companies , what were some of the more egregious examples ? Any particular horror stories you saw ? Any companies that just had no idea ?
MK : As part of just doing the NIST assessment , we 're going through a comprehensive systems analysis , so we 've seen everything from open wireless networks , to high-level access to various resources , to finding administrative passwords just by sniffing the network for a little while . Those are at one end of the extreme . It goes down to employee awareness and training people on how to handle sensitive information — what to do , what not to do — so cybersecurity awareness has become a big part of this , too . That was an area a lot of companies overlooked .
IW : You mentioned in your blog post a sort of skills gaps that also often gets overlooked . We write a lot about the skills gap , but we do n't write much about the cybersecurity skills gap . It makes sense that it 's there , but it 's not something you really think about unless you 're confronted with it .
MK : After talking with enough manufacturers , it 's interesting to learn who becomes the IT manager over time . Sometimes , it 's someone who was an operations manager or had some involvement in the plant . They helped out with a couple PCs , and before they know it , they 're the IT manager . It happens all the time . So that person has no direct experience — I do n't want to say they have no direct qualification , that sounds rude — but they have no experience to think about some of the things that go on with IT . That sparked the spirit of the NIST framework : the federal government realized there were these gaps , and they said , “ We need some kind of standards so companies can organize their systems in a relatively secure way . ”
IW : One of the questions you included on your blog post is “ What 's next in terms of training ? ” What kind of training is still needed ? What should managers and other employees be looking for in terms of ongoing training ?
MK : From here on out , when we talk about training , it 's really about regular cybersecurity awareness training . What I think is the most effective way to do it is train employees on a regular basis , monthly even , with mini modules that are maybe 10 or 15 minutes . They can pick away at it on their own schedule , a different topic every month — handling sensitive information , how to be careful on social media , ransomware and how it works . It 's ultimately designed to keep cybersecurity and protecting information top of mind . The training is important , too , but having that constant awareness helps .
The other thing we incorporate is a series of simulated phishing attacks , putting together a fake email and then reporting back on who took the bait . We do n't advocate anything punitive after that . We like that to be a learning opportunity , not a negative . If someone kept doing it three or four times , the company might want to take a look at that , but the first time , even the first couple times , it 's better to treat it as a learning opportunity . Combined , those things seem to be effective .
IW : There 's a Greek dance called sirtaki that starts slow and gets faster and faster —
MK : I know the general music behind it . There 's some clapping involved .
IW : I imagine there are some companies that are way behind in getting NIST 800-171 compliant and they may be emulating that dance a little bit . Any advice for manufacturers who may have started but have more to go than they should ?
MK : The first piece of advice is that they need to commit to doing it . If an organization still a little wishy-washy , they do n't have a focus , they 're getting into pretty dicey territory , because the assessment is the first step where you 're uncovering what 's going on . Let 's say during the assessment , you find out your firewalls need to be replaced , you 're not encrypting your data , you have all your data mixed in — you 're looking at some major activities . Is it possible to be compliant by December 31 ? Yes , but if you have n't started , you 're treading on super thin ice .
IW : And you 're maybe making the last few months of the year a little more stressful than they need to be .
MK : Sure . To me , it 's like simple math : Your DoD contract is worth X dollars . The assessment costs Y dollars . Is that contract worth it to you ? If the answer is yes , then why put it off ? Just do it .
IW : Worst-case scenario , a company gets to New Year 's Day and is n't compliant . Otherwise , it 's January 1 , you 're a manufacturer who 's now compliant . What happens from that point ? What changes ? What should change ?
MK : At that point , it 's going to go into a kind of continuous improvement cycle . The NIST framework itself has policy and procedural items and objectives built into it . Let 's say you have a policy on written information . With that policy comes a date you 're going to review it and who 's going to sign off on it . Once NIST is implemented , it just becomes another of those continuous improvement processes .
IW : The other side of that coin : January 1 comes around and a company is n't compliant . I 'm sure it becomes a little more complicated
MK : Yeah , it does . At the very least , you 're notifying whoever 's upstream from you in the supply chain , and then you 're looking at losing a contract or some kind of major shifts . That 's why it 's going to come down to how much a contract is worth to you , because little manufacturers around , say , Connecticut , are peanuts to Pratt & Whitney or United Technologies . UTC is not going to risk losing a DoD contract because some little manufacturer in Stafford is not willing to become compliant . They 'll just move the business somewhere else .
IW : Anything else that 's really key for the next 87 days ?
MK : For me , it just goes back to the notion that manufacturers are used to certain standard operating procedures , they 're used to having safety procedures , so why not apply that to their technology , too ? Even outside of NIST itself , it 's important for manufacturers to just consider their technology and the data they have to be equally important as other operations . If people think about it that way , I think it simplifies it and kind of connects what they 're already doing to something a little unknown . It could ease the stress around becoming NIST compliant , too .
The Verizon IndyCar Series and Pocono Raceway are bringing a street-legal , two-seat IndyCar to Easton on Tuesday to celebrate a local nonprofit organization .
The car is scheduled to arrive at 1:30 p.m. in Centre Square with guest of honor Brooke Mitman , executive director at the Easton Area Community Center .
The Leftovers have always been a tough show to be a fan of . Learning to do so came through repetition , each episode a ritual with similar , intense emotional impressions . Over the course of two seasons , viewers got a sense of what they were meant to be paying attention to : their own feelings , mostly , muscle memories of one 's own grief , the emotion that surges to the forefront of every episode in punishing waves . Stray memories from grade-school Bible study sessions might get dredged up–even if you could n't remember specifics , the basic New-Testament-adjacent impressions resonated . Now , viewers can simply enjoy the wayward journey without expecting for everything to be illuminated by the series ' end result . By that metric , the final season of The Leftovers–its most well-whittled and emotionally resonant–will certainly not disappoint .
It is a strange , fortuitous time for the show to be returning to the airwaves : Its run will overlap almost exactly with the third season of FX 's Fargo , television 's other most highly mannered , convention-flouting drama , which–for just this season–also stars Carrie Coon , The Leftovers ' breakout star . Over the course of their final two seasons , both of those shows have increasingly walked a line between compelling formal experimentation and almost comical levels of pretension . Fargo 's issue has always been that the elaborate cinematography , invasive pop music cues , and cryptic monologues are always in danger of overwhelming ( or falling out of sync ) with their fairly straight-forward plot framework . But The Leftovers ' wild time jumps , dream imagery , and high-concept bottle episodes are exactly as decadent as its subject matter–which is , in a nutshell , “ the human condition. ” The whole package makes sense , whether or not you have the tolerance for it .
Another major difference : It took well into the second season of The Leftovers for its creators to figure out that it could be funny . People often manifest their grief in bizarre ways as well as heartbreaking ones . Given the show 's core plot where 2 % of the world 's population vanishes without any explanation , absurd things should be expected to happen fairly frequently . In the show , someone may kill a dog or another person in response to some private crisis , or lay naked in stocks in self-imposed penance , or sing karaoke in an alternate dimension . The compelling blend of genre-bending stylistic gestures , cosmic speculation , and outright zaniness that made Season 2 gripping continues in the new and final group of episodes . There 's a feeling of renewed confidence and commitment , fitting for a series that is knowingly in its final season , with a plot that seems to be pointing towards literal apocalypse .
In its first fifteen minutes , the new season premiere of The Leftovers delivers at least three major fuck-yous to viewers–at least , to those who are looking for further resolution to the events in Season 2 's finale . First , there is a lengthy , silent montage of an unidentified family in the 19th-century , being gradually split apart by their mother 's faith in some impending divine happening ; it eventually leads them to join what appears to be an early prototype of the Guilty Remnant . Immediately after , the show kills two of its most intriguing , mysterious personalities , Meg ( Liv Tyler ) and the wayward , evasive Evie ( Justin Savoy Brown ) . Then , we 're catapulted three years into the future–and we do n't even know exactly where we began before we fast-forwarded–in a flash of white light . Even the most tolerant fan might think , “ Godamnit , Damon. ” It is a declaration of purpose for the rest of this batshit season of television .
The premiere resettles us back in Jarden , Texas a.k.a . “ Miracle , ” where all of our heroes ended up by the end of the series ' last season , but it is nearly unrecognizable . Kevin–who we last saw mentally and physically scarred , after returning from a stint in a spy-thriller-inspired afterlife–has settled into the role of police chief . Nora ( Coon ) is back at work , mercilessly quizzing people who claim to have lost someone in the Departure . Laurie and a softer , more diplomatic John ( Kevin Carroll ) are now , somehow , married , and collaboration on their own handprint-reading con operation , offering hope to the lost . Matt ( Christopher Eccleston ) is more zealous than ever , pouring all of their faith into a couple of discrete miracles as evidence that a divine happening will be occurring on the Depature 's seventh anniversary . Their evidence ? Kevin 's tale of resurrection , and the fact that Mary has awoken suddenly from a years-long coma with their fertility restored .
In the new season , Lindelof makes it appropriately–and typically–difficult to get our bearings . Viewers are plunged into scenes with no idea of where they fit into the timeline of the show , or on what plane of existence . The point of The Leftovers has always been to disorient its audience as much as its characters , who never fail to try to normalize any situation , no matter how supremely muddled and tragic , even as they play out their misery in private . Nora has lost another child–baby Lily , who has disappeared–and has taken to self-harm . Kevin retreats to their room to asphyxiate themselves with plastic wrap and duct tape ( Lindelof scores this to Simon and Garfunkel 's “ Feelin ' Groovy , ” just to be an asshole ) . Matt 's marriage is falling apart thanks to their obsessions , and beneath their sunny mien , John is still grieving for Evie , who they hope is alive in the afterlife Kevin glimpsed .
CREDIT : Ben King/HBO
Has there ever been another show on television on which every single character , at least in part , is either waiting or longing to die ? It 's the novel concept that makes The Leftovers singular and deeply haunting . Lindelof introduces Season 3 by trying to fool us , for a moment , into believing that these characters–who have at least in part been in different places for the majority of the series , and who we 've seen at the verge of psychological implosion numerous times before–are happy and feeling life again . But their immutable sorrow and misguided obsessions flood to the surface quickly and suddenly . In turn , this season , the least communicative and most perplexing unit on the show is forced to reckon with itself honestly , perhaps for the first time : Kevin and Nora , who are , at turns , one of the most refreshingly human and horrifyingly toxic relationships on television . Lindelof excavates it fully , in some of the best dramatic scenes of the show 's run , just as their search for meaning and resolution leads them–stumbling , guided by blind hope–far away from Miracle .
As it is for its characters , the muddled , half-ruinous universe of The Leftovers continues to be a minefield for our paranoid impressions . Like Nora and Kevin , we remain cynical that anything will ever be resolved or clarified , even as we chase the show 's many threads pointing towards possible cosmic resolution . There is something comforting rather than nerve-wrecking watching as this weird , bold series careening toward its graceful close . ( More shows should call it quits after three solid seasons ! ) The Leftovers have always been about individuals making private , Sisyphean pushes toward closure , following paths that intersect in strange , uncanny ways . At this point , it could end up almost anywhere and we 'd still feel fulfilled .
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News , CBS This Morning , Dr. Phil , Judge Judy , 60 Minutes , NFL football , and your favorite CBS shows . Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony 's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [ … ]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state 's most trusted sources for news and information . As a market leading news resource since 1967 , WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [ … ]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country . For 50 years , 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area . Famous [ … ]
WFANAs the world 's first 24-hour all-sports radio station , WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business . Since its debut on July 1 , 1987 , dozens of stations have copied the all sports format , [ … ]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group , a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country . Got a nose for [ … ]
Just 24 percent of Americans believe the country is heading in the right direction after a tumultuous stretch for President Donald Trump that included the threat of war with North Korea , stormy complaints about hurricane relief and Trump 's equivocating about white supremacists . That 's a 10-point drop since June , according to a poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research .
The decline in optimism about the nation 's trajectory is particularly pronounced among Republicans . In June , 60 percent of Republicans said the country was headed in the right direction ; now it 's just 44 percent .
The broader picture for the president is grim , too . Nearly 70 percent of Americans say Trump is n't level-headed , and majorities say he 's not honest or a strong leader . More than 60 percent disapprove of how they are handling race relations , foreign policy and immigration , among other issues .
Overall , 67 percent of Americans disapprove of the job Trump is doing in office , including about one-third of Republicans .
Tracy Huelsman , a 40-year-old from Louisville , Kentucky , is among them . A self-described moderate Republican , Huelsman said she 's particularly concerned about the `` divisiveness '' they feel the president promotes on social media .
`` It 's scary in 2017 that we are in what seems like a worse place in terms of division , '' said Huelsman , who did not vote for Trump in last year 's election .
The assessments come after a turbulent summer for Trump that included a major White House shake-up , bringing the departure of their chief of staff , top strategist and press secretary . While the installment of retired Marine Gen. John Kelly as chief of staff has ushered in more day-to-day order in the West Wing , the president has still stirred up numerous controversies , including when they blamed `` both sides '' for the clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump has also raised the specter of a military conflict with North Korea over its nuclear provocations . He 's derided North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong-un , as `` rocket man , '' including during a speech at the United Nations , and has downplayed the prospects that diplomatic negotiations with Kim could yield results .
Despite their electoral success , Trump struggled as both a candidate and now as president to broaden their base of support beyond their ardent supporters . The loyalty of their core backers has been enough to keep Republican lawmakers largely in line , but party operatives are closely watching Trump 's support among GOP and independent voters ahead of next year 's midterm elections , when the balance of power in Congress will be at stake .
To be sure , lawmakers have their own problems to worry about . Americans have even less esteem for Congress than Trump , with just 18 percent saying they approve of the job being done by the House and the Senate .
Republicans took another hit last month when they failed — for a second time this year — to pass an overhaul of the nation 's health care law . GOP leaders tried to rush votes on the complicated legislation , leaving many voters unsure of what was in the package .
`` They never seemed to present a bill to people that you could actually look at the details of and the pluses and minuses of it , '' said Dennis Cronin , a 67-year-old independent from Wenham , Massachusetts .
The GOP failure on health care has irritated Trump , who promised voters that repealing `` Obamacare '' would be easy . Americans are n't happy with their progress on health care either ; 68 percent disapprove of their handling of the issue .
Of all the issues surveyed by the AP-NORC poll , the president performs slightly better on the economy . But even there , 56 percent disapprove of the job he 's doing and just 42 percent say they approve .
On Friday , the Labor Department announced that the U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma , which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations . It marked the first monthly hiring drop in nearly seven years .
Ninety-two percent of Democrats and 69 percent of independents say Trump understands the problems of people like them not very or not at all well . Even among Republicans , only 42 percent say they understand them very well , while 32 percent say they do moderately well .
The AP-NORC poll of 1,150 adults was conducted Sept. 28-Oct. 2 using a sample drawn from NORC 's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel , which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population . The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points .
Respondents were first selected randomly using address-based sampling methods , and later interviewed online or by phone .
———
Online :
AP-NORC Center : http : //www.apnorc.org/
———
Follow Julie Pace at http : //twitter.com/jpaceDC and Emily Swanson at http : //twitter.com/el—swan
DENVER — Robert Church had a hat trick and added three assists to lead the Saskatchewan Rush past the Colorado Mammoth 13-10 on Friday in National Lacrosse League action .
Ben McIntosh and Matthew Dinsdale had a pair of goals and two assists each for Saskatchewan ( 6-1 ) , which scored three unanswered goals in the fourth quarter . Ryan Keenan had four goals and an assist , while Matt Hossack and Chris Corbeil added singles .
Evan Kirk made 39 saves for the win .
Stephen Keogh led Colorado ( 4-2 ) with three goals and three assists . Ryan Benesch had a hat trick and two assists and Jacob Ruest scored and tacked on four assists . Zack Greer , Joey Cupido and Eli McLaughlin had goals as well .
Dillon Ward stopped 32-of-44 shots for the Mammoth .
The Rush were 3 for 5 on the power play and Colorado was 2 for 5 with the man advantage .
Tottenham Hotspur youngster Kyle Walker-Peters made quite the impression as they made their debut in yesterday 's win over Newcastle United .
With Kieran Trippier injured , it was Walker-Peter who was drafted in to replace their near-namesake Kyle Walker , who has joined Manchester City , in Spurs ' Premier League opener .
The England Under-20 World Cup winner , aged 20 , made their first senior appearance in the 0-2 victory at St James ' Park and picked up the man of the match award .
Spurs ' official Twitter account have celebrated some of their academy product 's best stats from the game .
PHOENIX ( AP ) — The Latest on the Southern Baptist Convention meeting ( all times local ) :
____
3:10 p.m .
The Southern Baptist Convention formally condemned the political movement known as the `` alt-right '' during a national meeting in Phoenix .
The denomination initially refused to take up a resolution repudiating the movement that emerged dramatically during the U.S. presidential election and mixes racism , nationalism and populism .
Pressure built on Southern Baptists to make some statement against the movement . They did so Wednesday after emotional appeals from attendees .
The resolution decries every form of racism , including what the denomination called `` alt-right white supremacy '' as antithetical to the Gospel .
The Southern Baptist Convention was formed in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders . It has been working to overcome its history .
After setting a new record at Friday 's food drive , Community Care of St. Catharines and Thorold hopes the momentum continues .
The organization 's executive director Betty-Lou Souter said the Bell Media sponsored Great Holiday Food Drive at St. Catharines city hall brought in about $ 280,000 in cash , food , clothes and toys - $ 5,000 more than a year earlier .
“ Has it helped us get where we have to go ? Absolutely . And we 're getting closer each and everyday , ” Souter said . “ Certainly we have a fair bit of a way to go , but we 're getting there inch by inch . ”
It 's enough to get the agency through the Christmas season and well into next year .
“ It has us well positioned , ” they said . “ It creates the momentum to keep it going and going . Put it this way , the phone has n't stopped and we 're doing all kinds of stuff . That 's very positive for us . ”
But considering the ever increasing costs of food and other items , Souter said $ 280,000 is n't worth as much as it was - even a year ago .
“ We probably need to reevaluate it , ” they said .
Although estimating donations by their financial value is a standard used by the Ontario Association of Food Banks , Souter said it is “ under discussion . ”
Meanwhile , they said the organization has also seen an increasing number of people pitching in for the organization 's Adopt A Family program .
Nearly 200 people have so far registered to be part of the program , and pitch in to help families in need during the holiday season .
“ There are more people who want to reach out in that way , so that 's very positive for us , ” they said .
“ Everybody likes to do to adopt a family piece because it 's a feel good story where they 're given names of people and they go out and choose ( gifts ) for them . ”
Most of the participants have been assigned families in need of assistance , and have already gone on shopping trips to fill the wish lists of those families .
“ We make sure that nobody has been left out . We have a cadre of special Santa 's who help us when push comes to shove , ” they said .
More information about the program is available online at communitycarestca.ca/adopt-a-family .
ABenner @ postmedia.com
SSCE : NGO petitions WAEC over alleged malpractice
African Initiative Against Corruption and Exam Malpractice ( AIACEM ) , an NGO , has called for a probe into the ongoing Senior Secondary Certificate Examination ( SSCE ) . Mr Francis Abioye , National Coordinator , AIACEM , stated this in a statement they signed them and made available to newsmen on Tuesday in Owerri . Abioye claimed that the ongoing SSCE has been marred [ … ]
The post SSCE : NGO petitions WAEC over alleged malpractice appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
1,453 total views , 1,453 views today
Principal Alan Goodwin announced Monday , March 19 , that they will retire at the end of the current school year . The decision took students and staff by surprise .
Goodwin said they made their decision to retire March 4 , one day after the anniversary date of their first job with MCPS—as an English teacher at Springbrook High School . This year was their 43rd year working in MCPS and 19th at Whitman in administration , 14 of which they spent as Whitman 's principal .
Their decision was n't motivated by a single factor or event , they said .
“ One of my toughest decisions to make in doing this is that it 's been a tough year , but actually it 's what made me hesitate in leaving because the school has had some losses and for some students they 'll consider my departure a loss , ” Goodwin said . “ I did n't want to contribute to that , but that could be the same story the next year and the next year . ”
Throughout their tenure at Whitman , Goodwin touched students , staff and the community . In a letter sent home with students March 19 , they thanked each of these specific groups .
“ It is truly bittersweet as I reflect on the opportunity I have had to serve as your principal , ” they wrote in the letter . “ The Whitman community is a wonderful and unique community , and I have thoroughly enjoyed working with the students , staff and families over the last 19 years . ”
Assistant principal Kathy McHale , who has worked with Goodwin since they started at Whitman , admires their genuine empathy for their students and colleagues .
“ He is probably one of the most understanding and kind MCPS leaders I 've ever known , ” McHale said . “ You feel their heart every day when you walk into this building . ”
Goodwin commonly refers to their students as their ‘ kids , ' and upon hearing the news of their retirement , many were deeply saddened .
“ It 's really sad to see them leave , ” sophomore Meera Dahiya said . “ He 's so supportive of us , especially this year . ”
Goodwin also had very close relationships with their staff members . Some of their closest colleagues were surprised , yet understanding , when they told them their decision . Goodwin was especially appreciated for their open communication and easy-going personality , science teacher Melanie Hudock , who has taught at Whitman for 41 years , said .
“ It does n't matter whether you 're a student , a teacher , or a parent , ” Hudock said . “ He just has their open door policy . Anybody at any time can go talk to him . ”
Many parents , especially those serving on various boards or booster clubs , had close relationships with Goodwin and appreciated their dedication to the Whitman community .
“ I think that everyone is profoundly sad to learn this news , ” Whitman High School Education Foundation president Alice Gallin-Dwyer ( ‘ 86 ) said . “ He has been the heart and soul of the Whitman community for the many years they have been here . ”
To appoint MCPS principals , a panel of about 20 local parents , staff and students typically interview four or five candidates and provide input , Goodwin said . They expect their replacement to be named by the end of April .
“ There are going to be big shoes for somebody else to fill , ” Gallin-Dwyer said .
When asked what they wanted in a new principal , Dahiya said , “ Someone a lot like Goodwin . ”
WILLIAMSBURG , Va. — Tramaine Isabell scored 23 points , grabbed eight rebounds and dished out eight assists to help Drexel slip past William & Mary for a 91-79 win Saturday .
Drexel ( 11-14 , 5-7 Colonial Athletic Association ) trailed most of the game but stayed close , overtaking William & Mary for good on Alihan Demir 's layup with 3:44 remaining to go up 72-71 . The Dragons then scored 11 of the next 13 points and hung on .
Kurk Lee added 22 points for Drexel , which got 20 assists on its 32 baskets and finished with 62 per cent shooting , including 11 for 22 from long range . Sammy Mojica and Lee finished with 12 points apiece and Austin Williams had 10 as the Dragons extended their win streak to four .
William & Mary ( 15-8 , 8-4 ) entered the game tied for first with Charleston atop the conference standings . David Cohn led the Tribe with 26 points , including 10 for 10 shooting at the free throw line , and nine assists . Justin Pierce added 15 points , Matt Milon had 12 and Nathan Knight 11 .
A Kenton man was placed on community control for five years after they pleaded guilty to theft charges in a case heard in Hardin County Common Pleas Court .
According to court records from Prosecutor Brad Bailey 's office , Charles Bradley Adkins , 726 Tracy St. , Kenton , was charged with three counts of petty theft and one charge of theft from a person in a protected class .
Judge Scott Barrett sentenced Adkins to five years of community control and 60 days of local incarceration . Barrett fined Adkins a total of $ 500 and ordered they pay restitution of $ 6.63 to Bethany Broseke ; $ 600 to Cherry Berry ; $ 670 to Jeffrey Berry and $ 400 to Augusta Cramer .
In another recent case , Salena L. Adams , 813 King St. , Kenton , pleaded guilty to one count of attempted theft . Barrett sentenced them to five years of community control and fined them $ 100 . They are to pay restitution of $ 1,445 to Matti Marling and have no contact with Robert Cummins .
By DAN ROBINSON
Times staff writer
BERLIN — The head of Germany 's domestic intelligence agency says North Korea has used its embassy in Berlin to acquire equipment apparently intended for its missile or nuclear programs .
The comments by BfV agency head Hans-Georg Maassen were released by NDR public television Saturday before a documentary airing next week . Maassen said of the embassy : “ We have seen that procurement activities took place from there , from our point of view with a view to the missile program and in part also the nuclear program . ”
They added that “ if we see such things , we prevent them , ” but it is n't always possible to recognize them and the activities often involve goods usable for either civilian or military purposes .
Pyongyang has faced increasing U.N. sanctions in response to its nuclear and ballistic missile tests .
NEW YORK — Broadway fans are buzzing over the release of a new song by two popular Tony winners in support of the upcoming March for Our Lives .
“ Hamilton ” creator Lin-Manuel Miranda and Ben Platt , the original star of “ Dear Evan Hansen , ” have recorded a duet called “ Found/Tonight , ' mixing lyrics from “ You Will Be Found ” from “ Dear Evan Hansen ” and “ The Story of Tonight ” from “ Hamilton . ”
The song was released at midnight on Monday and is No . 1 on the iTunes singles chart .
The multicity March for Our Lives on March 24 was planned after the Feb. 14 massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , Florida .
Miranda has been releasing “ Hamilton ” -related content each month in a series called Hamildrop .
——
Online :
SYDNEY , N.S . — A prominent Nova Scotia mayor has officially kicked off their campaign to become the province 's next Tory leader .
Cape Breton Regional Municipality Mayor Cecil Clarke announced that they were entering the provincial Progressive Conservative leadership race at the North Sydney Firefighters Club on Saturday afternoon .
Clarke , who formerly served in the provincial legislature for a decade , thanked their Facebook followers prior to Saturday 's announcement for their supportive messages since they publicly came out as gay two days ago .
The 49-year-old politician shared details about their private life in an interview with the CBC on Thursday , saying someone had threatened to reveal their sexual orientation and they did n't want anyone thinking they could hold it over him .
Their two challengers in leadership race , Tim Houston , the MLA for Pictou East , and John Lohr , the member for Kings North , have both tweeted condemnations of personal attacks in the campaign .
Jamie Baillie announced late last year that they planned to step down as PC leader and leave politics , but their departure came sooner than expected last month when they resigned following an allegation of inappropriate behaviour .
POINT PLEASANT — The Tu-Endie-Wei Garden Club members are preparing for their upcoming planting projects in May .
On Saturday , May 19 members of Tu-Endie-Wei Garden Club , along with members of Point Pleasant in Bloom , will begin planting flowers throughout the city .
Following , on Saturday , May 26 , garden club members will be doing their annual flower planting at Gunn Park along with local 4-H club members .
President Diana Cromley shared the common goal among members of the club is to enhance the beauty of gardens around the City of Point Pleasant . Cromley explained the club focuses on maintaining the flower beds at Gunn Park , Sheriff 's Memorial Park at Viand and 6th streets , Silver Bridge Memorial , and the Mount Vernon area . The club was established in 1957 , last year marking its 60th anniversary . Cromley said the club currently has 24 members and new members are welcomed and encouraged .
The club meets at 7 p.m. the third Thursday of every month at the Christ Episcopal Church on Main Street in Point Pleasant .
Cromley said anyone interested in joining may contact them or another member of the club . Also , they invite anyone interested to attend a club meeting to experience what being a member of the club is like .
They explained at each meeting the club members invite a speaker for the evening and throughout the year they have various workshops . Also , every year from May to September , two to three members of club will go around to eight different wards of the city and choose a yard of the month . Eight yards are recognized and the monthly winners are entered in a drawing to receive a $ 25 gift certificate ( compliments of the Garden Club ) to Bob 's Market and Greenhouses , Inc. Cromley added club members choose a business of the month to recognize as well .
Cromley said the club held a baking contest for the Bikes & BBQ event in downtown Point Pleasant last year and are planning to hold the baking contest again this year .
During the winter months , the club holds a poinsettia sale fundraiser yearly and this past year Cromley shared the club decorated a tree at Gunn Park for the Light of Christmas Tree Project .
On Saturday , May 26 the Tu-Endie-Wei Garden Club members will be doing their annual flower planting at Gunn Park . http : //www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/04/web1_0425-1-.jpg On Saturday , May 26 the Tu-Endie-Wei Garden Club members will be doing their annual flower planting at Gunn Park . Courtesy
By Erin Perkins eperkins @ aimmediamidwest.com
Erin Perkins is a staff writer at Ohio Valley Publishing . Reach them at ( 304 ) 675-1333 , extension 1992 .
Erin Perkins is a staff writer at Ohio Valley Publishing . Reach them at ( 304 ) 675-1333 , extension 1992 .
Hotline Bling Scandal : Instagram Model Accuses Drake Of Impregnating Her , Shares Pregnancy Result
Canadian rapper , Aubrey Graham popularly known as Drake has found themselves in a bit of a situation after an Instagram model called them out for impregnating them The Instagram model , Layla , took to their social media page to share chats with the rapper who they accused of dumping them after they got news that she…
The post Hotline Bling Scandal : Instagram Model Accuses Drake Of Impregnating Her , Shares Pregnancy Result appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ALBANY , N.Y. — The Latest on Cynthia Nixon running for New York governor ( all times local ) :
5:55 p.m .
A spokesperson for Gov . Andrew Cuomo is responding to the gubernatorial candidacy of liberal activist Cynthia Nixon by saying Cuomo has delivered more progressive wins than any other Democrat in the country .
Former “ Sex and the City ” star Nixon tweeted Monday that she 'll challenge Cuomo in New York 's Democratic primary in September . In a campaign video , the public education advocate said , “ We want our government to work again . ”
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the “ anti-Trump party . ”
Cuomo 's campaign said the two-term governor 's progressive wins include legalized gay marriage , tough gun laws , a $ 15 minimum wage , expanded school funding and a ban on a drilling technique known as fracking .
——
2:22 p.m .
Former “ Sex and the City ” star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she 'll challenge Gov . Andrew Cuomo in New York 's Democratic primary in September .
Them announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $ 30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions .
In a video on Twitter , the public education advocate said , “ We want our government to work again . ”
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the “ anti-Trump party . ”
The 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three is an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio , who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues .
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favoured 66 per cent to 19 per cent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll .
CHICAGO — The Chicago White Sox experimented with an unusual 4:10 p.m. start time Tuesday , and the early returns are in .
“ I love it , ” Seattle Mariners pitcher Marco Gonzales said , “ Talking to a couple hitters in the first inning , guys just said , ‘ Anything that comes out looks like a fastball . You do n't know what it is. ” ‘
Gonzales and four relievers combined on a five-hitter , Mitch Haniger singled home the only run and the Mariners pulled out a 1-0 victory .
“ Winning a 1-0 game is a special win , ” Mariners manager Scott Servais said . “ The conditions to hit with the sun and the shadows probably played into that a little bit , but you 've got to find a way to win it . ”
At 5-15 , the rebuilding White Sox are off to their worst start since the 1950 season . That year they opened 5-20 on the way to a 60-94 finish .
“ We did n't have very many opportunities for me to say I 'm disappointed , ” said manager Rick Renteria , ejected by plate umpire Mike Estabrook after they protested a called third strike to Matt Davidson that ended the sixth .
Gonzales ( 2-2 ) was in control almost from the start , allowing five hits and one walk while striking out eight in six-plus innings .
Gonzales allowed singles to Tim Anderson and Yolmer Sanchez , the first two batters . They picked Anderson off second base , induced Jose Abreu to bounce into a double play and did n't allow another hit until the sixth .
Seattle broke out on top against fill-in starter Chris Volstad ( 0-1 ) in the fourth when Kyle Seager doubled and scored on Haniger 's hard grounder up the middle , both with two outs .
“ Definitely did n't see the ball as good as yesterday , but it 's the same for both teams , so you got to get the job done any way you can , ” said Haniger , whose streak of four straight games with a home run came to an end . “ Just trying to hit the ball hard , and it squeaked through and got the run across . ”
After Yoan Moncada 's leadoff double chased Gonzales in the seventh , reliever Dan Altavilla retired the next two batters before Marc Rzepczynski got the final out of the inning .
Juan Nicasio pitched the eighth and Edwin Diaz worked the ninth for their ninth save in as many tries .
Volstad ( 0-1 ) allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings and did n't walk a batter as a replacement for Miguel Gonzalez , who is on the 10-day disabled list with an inflamed right rotator cuff . The start was the first for Volstad after four relief appearances this year .
TIME WILL TELL
An estimated 2,000 fans witnessed the first pitch in sunny , 59-degree weather . The announced attendance was 10,761 .
IN DANNY 'S CORNER
Former Mariners teammates and their wives remained in contact with the family of White Sox RHP Danny Farquhar , who underwent surgery for a brain aneurysm last weekend . They spent the 2013-15 seasons with the team .
“ You just want to give their family enough space , but you also want to do all you can to be there for support , ” said C Mike Zunino , Farquhar 's ex-batterymate . “ When you first hear something like this happens , it 's really scary because you have do n't know what 's going to happen . It seems like each day we hear something positive , so that 's a really good feeling . ”
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Mariners : 1B Ryon Healy ( sprained right ankle ) neared their return from the disabled list with a two-run single and walk in four plate appearances for Double-A Arkansas on Tuesday .
White Sox : OF Avisail Garcia was placed on the 10-day DL with what Renteria called a “ mild-to-moderate ” strain of their right hamstring . They will be re-evaluted later in the week . OF Daniel Palka was called up from Triple-A Charlotte .
UP NEXT
Mariners : RHP Felix Fernandez ( 2-2 , 5.06 ERA ) will take a career 6-6 mark vs. the White Sox into the series finale Wednesday . They were a 4-3 winner in their only appearance against them last year .
White Sox : RHP James Shields ( 1-2 , 6.17 ) comes off their worst start of the season , a 10-0 blowout against the Houston Astros in which they allowed seven earned runs in 5 1/3 innings .
They had overdosed . Someone had brought them to the clinic in the middle of the night on Feb. 2 , authorities said , but when the clinic was closed , whoever brought them abandoned the car and left . They did n't call 911 .
This month , the Grand Forks Police Department put out a reminder that those using and possessing drugs who are present at the time of an overdose will not be prosecuted if they call and cooperate with first responders .
In North Dakota and Minnesota , Good Samaritan laws are on the books that give immunity to those who call in drug overdoses if the caller remains on scene until first responders arrive and cooperate with medical services and law enforcement . The person must be in need of emergency medical services . Up to three people can be granted immunity .
The law also applies to people overdosing from alcohol consumption .
`` We want people to be focused on saving a life , '' said Lt. Jeremy Moe with the special resource bureau .
In 2016 , Grand Forks Police responded to 28 calls for overdoses . Three of them were fatal .
State Sen. Howard Anderson Jr. , R-Turtle Lake , was a sponsor of the Good Samaritan laws that passed in North Dakota in 2015 . The former director of the North Dakota Board of Pharmacy , Anderson said they wanted to sponsor the law to give people a better chance to survive . Information provided by companions can be key to successful care .
`` It 's hard to find out what they took or what the situation is , so by the time doctors get a chance to figure out what it is , it 's too late , '' Anderson said .
In the process of passing the law , legislators heard testimony from a man whose companions had abandoned them in a dumpster , thinking he 'd overdosed , Anderson said .
But too few people know about the law , Anderson said . They also believe law enforcement have been overzealous in pressing charges against people , despite the law .
`` They 're using the Good Samaritan laws as an excuse to charge people because , obviously , if I gave you drugs , then I 'm guilty of providing them for you . It 's like a sale even if I gave it to you free , '' they said . `` So we need a little better education with police . If you 're trying to save somebody 's life for crying out loud , back off a little bit . Catch the crook the next time . ''
Anderson said users speak to one another , and if law enforcement is too aggressive , it might deter people from calling for help .
Grand Forks Police said they were not aware of any specific incidents in town where immunity had been granted based on the Good Samaritan laws .
Forum News Service contributed to this article .
DAUPHIN , Man . — Relatives confirm that a Winnipeg man who disappeared while attending a music festival in western Manitoba has been found dead .
Danny Berhie Kidane , who was 24 , was last seen with friends on Saturday at Dauphin 's Countryfest , located south of the community .
Members of the local fire department and the RCMP went through the torn-down festival site on Tuesday .
They also looked extensively for Kidane near a creek , but police have not released any other details on their disappearance .
Kidane 's family has posted to Facebook that they 're seeking privacy following the death .
Hiben Kidane , Danny 's brother , says they have lost their little brother , their rock and their guardian angel .
“ Tell your family how much you love them because you never know when they might leave you , ” they said in the posting .
This year 's Countryfest ran from June 28 to July 1 . ( CTV Winnipeg , The Canadian Press )
Iraqi Kurds celebrate the results of the independence referendum in the northern city of Arbil , on September 27 , 2017 ( AFP Photo/SAFIN HAMED )
Paris ( AFP ) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said Thursday they did not want an armed conflict with their country 's Kurds , days after the autonomous Kurdistan region voted for independence in a referendum .
`` We do n't want armed confrontation , we do n't want clashes but federal authority must prevail , '' they said after a meeting in Paris with French President Emmanuel Macron .
`` Separatism is unacceptable , '' Abadi said , reiterating that the non-binding September 25 vote -- in which 92.7 percent of Iraqi Kurds backed independence -- was `` illegal '' .
`` Iraq belongs to all Iraqis , '' they said , appealing to Kurdish Peshmerga forces to work with the Iraqi army `` as we have worked together against Daesh ( the Islamic State group ) , to guarantee citizens ' safety . ''
Macron voiced support for Kurds ' rights while defending Iraq 's territorial unity .
France has `` always been sensitive to the situation of Kurds '' but is also committed to stability in Iraq , Macron said , calling for dialogue between Baghdad and Iraqi Kurdistan .
`` France is ready to contribute actively to the UN 's mediation efforts , if Iraqi authorities so wish , '' they said .
CARSON , Calif. — Coach Jay Gruden was thoroughly baffled by their Redskins ' performance . Washington safety D.J . Swearinger blamed poor practices and a deficient mental approach .
Kirk Cousins was simply disappointed when the Redskins ' playoff hopes officially ended in a soccer stadium in Southern California .
But perhaps Washington should n't have been quite so self-critical after a 30-13 loss on Sunday .
After all , Philip Rivers and the Los Angeles Chargers ( 7-6 ) have made most of their opponents feel really bad about themselves over the past 10 weeks as they 've surged above .500 and into the thick of the AFC playoff race .
While the Chargers dominated in their fourth straight win , the Redskins ( 5-8 ) were eliminated from post-season contention with their sixth loss in eight games . Washington managed only 201 total yards and fell behind by 24 points in the third quarter .
“ I 'm at a loss for words , quite honestly , ” Gruden said . “ I never thought we 'd get beat like these two weeks in a row . ”
Washington followed up its 38-14 loss at Dallas last week with another thrashing .
Rivers passed for 319 yards in the Chargers ' seventh victory in nine games , hitting Tyrell Williams and Hunter Henry for touchdowns . Los Angeles racked up 429 yards by midway through the third quarter , and Melvin Gordon rushed for a final touchdown before several regulars took most of the fourth quarter off .
Cousins hit Vernon Davis with an early TD pass , but the Redskins were left dismayed by another lost season . Swearinger , who joined the Redskins this year , was n't afraid to cite specific factors in their downfall , including Washington 's effort in practice this week .
“ It was like just this , ‘ Blah , blah . OK , we 're out here at practice . Blah , ” ‘ Swearinger said . “ We 've got to practice better . I 've been saying it all year . … It 's not surprising at all to me . You do n't prepare well , you 're going to fail . I do n't think we prepared well with some of the questions that 's been asked ( by players ) before the game . ‘ Are you doing this right here ? Are you doing this right there ? ' We 're just not prepared . ”
Although Bashaud Breeland returned an interception of Kellen Clemens ' pass 96 yards for a touchdown with 2:36 to play , Washington 's defence had few answers . The Redskins gave up 8.24 yards per play during the first three quarters , and the Chargers successfully ran a reverse and a flea-flicker to Keenan Allen .
“ We 've definitely taken steps back ( on defence ) , ” Swearinger said . “ We had 30 put on us today . Dallas put ( 38 ) on us last week . We 've taken major steps back . ”
More things to know about the Chargers ' fourth win over the Redskins in five meetings :
CHARGE AHEAD
Williams caught a 75-yard touchdown pass for the Chargers , whose 0-4 start to their relocation season seems a distant memory . The Chargers even have a winning record for the first time since September 2015 . They 've outscored their opponents 131-53 during their four-game winning streak while outgaining them by a whopping 731 total yards . They 've also won four straight home games since starting 0-3 at StubHub Center .
BIG PHILLY STYLE
Rivers moved ahead of Warren Moon for ninth place in NFL history in career yards passing . During the four-game winning streak , Rivers has passed for 1,348 yards with eight touchdowns and no interceptions . They also surpassed 3,500 yards passing for the 10th consecutive season , joining Peyton Manning and Drew Brees as the only NFL quarterbacks to hit the mark in 10 straight years . Manning and Brees , whose streak is active , did it 13 times .
PENALTY KICKS
Washington linebacker Zach Brown sprained their toe in the second half and left in a walking boot . They blamed the StubHub Center turf : “ That field is crap . It 's made for soccer. ” The field in the Chargers ' temporary home has n't received serious criticism from previous opponents , but the Redskins did appear to be slipping regularly .
MISSED CHANCE
Los Angeles had a 23-6 lead when it drove 81 yards in the final 1:25 before halftime . The Chargers missed out on even more points because Austin Ekeler was tackled on a 33-yard run at the Washington 4 as time ran out . Lynn blamed Ekeler for risking a run to end zone despite knowing they needed to get down .
POINT BREAK
The Chargers ' 24-point lead in the third quarter allowed several regulars to rest in the fourth . Los Angeles will need it before the biggest game of the season to date : Saturday 's showdown with the Kansas City Chiefs ( 7-6 ) , their co-leaders in the AFC West .
“ These are the games you grow up dreaming about playing , and here we are playing it with two teams that are sitting there at 7-6 , ” Rivers said .
——
More AP NFL : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–NFL
Bridging the gap with World Refugee Day this coming Tuesday
Since 2015 , the word “ refugee ” has carried more and more weight in society because of the Syrian refugee crisis . With this word comes a multitude of political opinions , and oftentimes , arguments ensue .
Whatever your opinion on refugees and immigrants , the majority of people can agree that safety , shelter , food , and hope are necessities of life . World Refugee Day , to be celebrated June 20th , honors the people that have courageously searched for those exact same things beyond the pestilence , persecution , and violence of their various homelands .
One of the main sponsors of this event is Bridge Refugee Services , a nonprofit that facilitates refugee settlement in Chattanooga . Bridge Refugee Services has played an extremely integral part in settling refugees in affordable housing , assisting in language acquisition , and providing self-sufficiency through job opportunities .
World Refugee Day will be celebrated at the Camp House by engaging in some refugees ' personal stories and journeys , live music , food from a variety of cultures prepared by past and present Bridge clients , and even an art station for any children who attend .
This gathering will not only be a celebration of the refugees ' past journeys but also a celebration of the beacon of hope that Chattanooga can become for asylum seekers in the future .
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Before James T. Hodgkinson went on a rampage at an Alexandria , Virginia baseball field where a group of Congressman were practicing for a charity game , they reportedly asked Republican Congressman Jeff Duncan the players ' political affiliations .
Moments later , gunfire filled the air and since then , it has left many to wonder if political disagreements have really come down to a horrifying shooting scene .
The sister of Republican Congressman Steve Scalise , who lives in St. Petersburg , was too distraught to go on camera , but their brother , Glenn , told News Channel 8 over the phone from their home in Louisiana that he 's trying to understand how this could happen .
Many people around the area wonder , have politics led some to their breaking point ?
“ I think the climate has been escalating for quite a long time , ” said Peter Evans , a neighbor of Scalise 's sister .
We asked them if they thought it was just spilling over now and they said , “ Yes , yes , I really do . ”
Pam and Peter Evans live just down the street from the sister of Congressman Scalise and to them , enough is enough .
We asked Pam about the political climate and if political differences have gone too far .
“ Yeah , it 's gone crazy , ” they responded .
Not long after today 's attack , partisanship in Washington D.C. was put on hold , but some political analysts say that it 's only temporary , not only for lawmakers , but for constituents as well .
We asked political analyst Barry Edward if they believed America is more polarized when it comes to politics than ever before .
Theirs answer ?
“ America is absolutely the most polarized it 's ever been in our history . ”
When we questioned political analyst Susan McGrath if Americans are not learning to become so tolerant of each other when it comes to politics , they told us , “ I certainly hope not . I think most of us realize we can have honest , robust dialogue about the issues that are important to us . ”
Still , even with all of the finger-pointing and the sometimes nasty rhetoric , analysts can agree scenes like this ca n't play out again .
“ It 's like a stone rolling downhill , ” said Edwards . “ It 's gathering more and more dirt and ice along the way . ”
“ We can have some feisty robust conversations , but we have more in common than we have in difference , ” McGrath told News Channel 8 .
Congressman Scalise 's brother , Glenn , told News Channel 8 that they never expected anything like this to happen to their brother , especially when it came to politics . They also told us that whatever happens , they know their brother would forgive the shooter , because they are a Christian .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
For Chester FC fans it was a case of Groundhog Day on Bank Holiday Monday .
And while they may not have been a Bill Murray or Andie MacDowell in sight , there was , though , another defeat and another case of throwing away the game from a position of strength .
The Blues looked like they were heading to their first win at home in four months when leading 2-1 with seven minutes to go . But alas it was not to be and struggling Woking , who had not mustered a shot in the second half , netted a leveller on 85 minutes before scoring the winner from the penalty spot on 90 minutes after Luke George had handled in the area . A 3-2 success for the Cards .
The performance was an improvement on recent home displays , no doubt , but the fact of the matter remains that Chester lost the game to what was in all honesty a very poor Woking side .
Here 's how the players rated .
Alex Lynch - 6/10
A smart save to deny Jake Caprice in the first half but they had little to do in the second apart from picking the ball out of the net twice in the last five minutes .
Sam Hughes - 7/10
At fault for the first goal but they were solid as a rock after that and they did n't let it affect him . He 'll get the move they deserve and the Blues will miss them next season .
Ryan Astles - 7/10
A marauding run towards the end of the first half that ended up with them almost heading home a cross from a move they started lifted the crowd . Always aware and looked comfortable .
Theo Vassell - 6/10
A couple of shaky moments but they eventually settled as part of a back three and they competed well .
Wade Joyce - 6/10
A great cross for the goal but their first touch let them down on numerous occasions . Gave away the free kick that lead to the goal .
Liam Davies - 6/10
They did not look comfortable as a wing back . A superb header for their goal but they were beaten several times with ease by Caprice who found acres of space in behind him . Happier going forward .
( Photo : Terry Marland )
Luke George 7/10
This would have been higher but had to knock a point off for the handball that gave away the penalty . This was George at their best for long periods , winning the second ball and setting the tempo with some strong challenges and a desire to win the 50/50 balls .
Ryan Lloyd - 7/10
Much improved from recent weeks , they looked for the ball all the time and was positive . An awful backpass that almost lead to a goal in the first half but they made amends with a good performance .
Elliott Durrell - 7/10
A goal for Durrell and they looked keen to make an impact going forward . Chester 's only real attacking spark .
Tom Shaw - 6/10
Energetic in midfield and used the ball well but they were unable to impact in the final third the way they would have wanted to .
James Alabi - 5/10
Looked a shadow of the player who terrorised defences just weeks ago . Never got in the game and nowhere near their best .
Substitutes
James Akintunde ( on for Joyce - 74 minutes ) - 7/10
Great to see them back in action and they provided a real spark when they came on that lead to the second goal . A positive .
Other ratings
Referee : Steven Rushton - 6/10
Kept their cards in their pocket and was left with little alternative but to award the penalty . Fussy on occasion but we have certainly had worse this season .
Entertainment value - 5/10
Some decent football played at times and the Blues had looked on course to end their home hoodoo but they caved in .
Lagos council polls : PDP faction announces alliance with LP
The Moshood Salvador-led faction of the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) in Lagos State has announced an alliance with the Labour Party ( LP ) for the July 22 council polls .
Salvador , who belongs to the Ahmed Makarfi faction of the PDP , made the announcement at a news conference in Lagos on Wednesday .
They said that the alliance was a temporary arrangement , and that all PDP candidates for the polls would contest on the LP platform .
Salvador said that the decision was borne of out the inability of their faction and the Segun Adewale-led faction of the PDP to reach a consensus for the polls .
They said that the alliance became necessary as their faction , which they claimed represented over 90 per cent of the PDP in the state , was denied participation in the polls , following the recognition of the Adewale-led faction by the Lagos State Independent Electoral Commission ( LASIEC ) .
Salvador said that the alliance did not mean that their faction had left the PDP .
According to him , the arrangement would be temporary .
“ What we are announcing today is alliance with Labour Party to enable our candidates to participate in the elections .
“ Political alliance is an agreement for co-operation between political parties on common agenda , often for the purpose of contesting elections .
“ This alliance does not mean we are leaving the party . We are PDP anytime .
“ We only have a pre-election alliance . This is not the first time we are having such in the country 's political history , '' they said .
Salvador appealed to PDP lovers and sympathisers in the state to vote for PDP-LP alliance through LP .
“ Again , it is alliance . We have not defected to another party ; we have not declared for another party and we have not dumped the PDP , ” they said .
They said that the alliance had made the Labour Party platform to have 342 councillorship candidates and 52 chairpersonship candidates for the polls .
Salvador directed all candidates under the arrangement to start pasting their posters and educate the electorate on the alliance and how they could vote .
They directed all the faction 's PDP executives in council areas to work closely with candidates of the LP for success at the polls .
The PDP in Lagos State is factionalized along Makarfi/Ali-Modu Sheriff national PDP leadership tussle .
The Appeal Court ruled that Sheriff is the PDP party 's National Chairman .
Markarfi 's appeal against the judgment is pending at the Supreme Court .
LASIEC recognised only the Adewale faction of the Lagos State PDP for the council polls based on the Appeal Court judgment .
Reacting to the alliance , Adewale , who belongs to the Sheriff-led faction , described the step as unfortunate and uncalled for .
Adewale claimed that their faction made efforts to accommodate the other faction but Salvador frustrated the moves .
The factional chairperson urged Salvador to return to the legally recognised authorities , the money their faction realised from sale of nomination forms to aspirants on the platform of PDP .
They said that they would set up a disciplinary committee to probe the alliance and mete out sanctions to anybody found culpable .
“ How can you buy nomination forms on the platform of PDP and defect to Labour Party for the elections . It is a clear illegal act .
The post Lagos council polls : PDP faction announces alliance with LP appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
VANCOUVER — British Columbia 's premier says their government is trying to protect the province , not be provocative , over a proposed ban on an increase of diluted bitumen shipped from the west coast .
John Horgan said Friday that their government 's announcement earlier this week is cautionary and designed to make sure B.C . does n't suffer in the event of a catastrophic spill .
“ I did not set out to be provocative , ” they said at a news conference . “ In fact , I would suggest that a press release saying we 're going to have a consultation should not be the foundation of a trade war between good friends . ”
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley suspended talks Thursday on buying B.C . electricity , and has described the proposal as an unconstitutional attempt to stop Kinder Morgan 's Trans Mountain pipeline .
The expansion project would triple capacity along the pipeline between Edmonton and Burnaby , B.C. , and increase tanker traffic off the coast seven-fold .
Ottawa has already approved the expansion and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau promised again on Friday that Trans Mountain will go ahead , saying it 's an important part of Canada 's energy plans .
Horgan said he 's spoken with both Trudeau and Notley in recent days to reiterate their government 's position that expanding the pipeline would pose a significant threat to B.C . 's economy and environment .
The province is already challenging the project in Federal Court , arguing that B.C . was not adequately consulted .
The government has sought legal advice on the new proposed regulations , but that advice is confidential , Horgan said .
Talking to residents is well within the province 's rights , they added .
“ We are not putting in place regulations today , we are not putting in regulations at the end of the month . We are putting in place a consultation and an intentions paper so that the public has an understanding of the potential impact of a catastrophic spill within British Columbia . ”
B.C . is not trying to take on the rest of the country with the proposed rules , Horgan said , but does want to be an equal partner in the federation .
They noted that there are many other issues where they agree with Notley and Trudeau , and hopes they can move forward on those .
“ I think there 's great potential for positive working relationships on a number of fronts and I prefer to focus on those , ” they said .
( Companies in this story : TSX : KML )
— Follow @ gkarstenssmith on Twitter
THREE people have been injured in a two car crash at Kanigan .
UPDATE : THREE people have been taken to Gympie Hospital with minor injuries after a tw car crash at Kanigan .
A QAS spokesperson said both drivers - a man in their 30s with `` superficial abrasions ” and a woman in their 20s with `` abdominal pain ” - and a young girl ( who suffered injuries from their seat belt ) were transported in a stable condition for further assessment .
According to reports , both vehicles were involved in a T-bone collision on the Bruce Hwy about 2.40pm today .
EARLIER : THREE people have been injured in a two car crash on the Bruce Hwy at Kanigan .
According to reports , the two vehicles were involved in a T-bone collision about 2.40pm this afternoon .
Both drivers - one man and one woman - and a young girl are being assessed by emergency services at the scene for minor injuries .
Major parts of Accra were flooded after the heavy rainfall on Friday morning in the nation 's capita
A man believed to be in their 30s has been found dead at Abuakwa Manhyia in the Ashanti Region after the Friday rains that sent devasting floods pouring into major areas in the country .
Residents told Joy News ' Ashanti Regional Correspondent , Ohemeng Tawiah the deceased jumped into the rainwater and was found dead hours later .
Also , a six-year-old girl was rushed to a hospital in Kumasi after a collapsed building left them injured .
The stories in the other regions are not different as what appeared a normal rain in the morning , took on a different character turning streets into rivers navigable by boat .
From Accra in the Greater Accra Region to Cape Coast in the Central Region , the wreaks caused by the rains are visible , Joy News has gathered .
The rains left turbid water everywhere one passes and some buildings were submerged by the heavy downpour .
قالب وردپرس
Comments
DAVIS , Calif. — Chima Moneke scored 16 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as UC Davis beat William Jessup of the NAIA 86-52 on Saturday night .
Moneke Rogers was 4 of 11 from the field 8 of 13 from the free-throw line for the Aggies ( 7-2 ) . Rogers Printup led the scoring with a career-high 20 points with the help of six 3-pointers and Arell Hennings added 16 points , three rebounds , three assists and three steals .
Printup and Delveion Jackson traded 3-pointers early in the first half to help give the Aggies a 15-14 edge with 12:44 to go and they led the rest of the way , building to a 46-23 advantage at the break .
Printup hit three back-to-back 3-pointers early in the second half to extend the Aggies ' lead to 60-36 with 11:37 remaining and they cruised from there .
Keith Phillips led the Warriors with 24 points and 15 rebounds . Brennan Rakoz had seven points and eight boards .
Mission Protests Burning of Nigerian to Death in S'Africa
The Nigerian Mission in South Africa has written a letter of protest to the South African authority over the killing of another Nigerian , Mr. Clement Nwaogu , in Rustenburg , South Africa .
The Nigeria Consul General in Johannesburg , South Africa , Mr Godwin Adama , told the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) on telephone from Johannesburg , that the mission had waded into issues surrounding renewed xenophobic attacks on Nigerians
Adama , who condemned the act of burning Nwaogu to death by a mob in the latest xenophobia attack in that country , said that the Nigerian Mission in South Africa was on top of the situation .
“ The High Commissioner has been on top of the situation , they have spoken with the Nigerian community and sent the officers to calm down the situation .
“ Tomorrow morning , we are meeting on the matter with him . In fact , they had written a letter of protest to the South African authority and they are waiting for their response to see the next action to be taken on the matter .
“ We are working collectively as the two missions in the country so as to be on the same page over the incident , in reacting to the issues , ” they said .
They explained that the community , Rustenburg , had been a hot spot in recent time .
Adama said that 13 Nigerians , who protested the killing of a fellow citizen in Rustenburg in February , were arrested and charged to court for public disturbance .
They said that the mission had been going to court over the matter and had to be escorted by security due to threat .
“ The community has vowed to deal with anyone who plays a positive role in getting the accused Nigerians to return to Rustenberg , ” they said .
According to him , the latest incident is apparently a reaction to their threat of dealing with any Nigerian that they find in their community .
“ They were having erroneous belief that some Nigerians were involved in drugs unfortunately the particular guy that was attacked was not involved in drugs as they had their genuine business .
“ They went to their shop on that fateful day , told them to bring the drug they were keeping , the guy said there was no drug in their shop that they were a genuine businessman but they did not listen to him .
“ They attacked the guy , beat them to coma and set them ablaze but was taken to the hospital where they died later .
“ So it was going to generate a lot of issues and the mission had to intervene particularly the High Commissioner , because each district is under the supervision of the high commission in Pretoria , ” they said .
While explaining that South Africa has been a very volatile country , they said that there was the need for Nigerians living in the country to be very careful and behave themselves so as not to fall victim .
They expressed the hope that the new government in that country would take appropriate measure and meet with the relevant authorities to address the issue once and for all . ( NAN )
The post Mission Protests Burning of Nigerian to Death in S'Africa appeared first on THISDAYLIVE .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Archeologists have discovered the remains of a lost army of Viking warriors in a mass grave in the English Midlands .
Known to Anglo-Saxon historians as the Great Heathen Army , they were the vanguard of the first permanent Norse invasion of Britain in the late 9th century , which eventually left them in control of much of England .
Their countrymen who had settled in Normandy in what is now France would famously later finish the job in 1066 , taking all of England under William the Conqueror .
But the Great Heathen Army paid a steep price for their smash-and-grab raids against the people of Mercia , one of the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms , whose king they forced into exile in Paris .
After marauding around the countryside , they were eventually beaten by Alfred the Great , King of Wessex , and agreed to peace and Christian baptism . But more than 250 of them ended up in a mass grave beside St. Wystan 's church in Repton , Derbyshire , then a major royal and religious centre of Mercia , in the winter of 874 .
This is the conclusion of the new paper in the journal Antiquity , which used carbon dating to re-evaluate earlier estimates that suggested the mass grave was much older , and thus could not be Viking .
It also describes the remarkable burial practices of these invaders from what is now Denmark , as they established themselves in a new land .
For example , there is a double grave for two men , side by side , that was furnished with artifacts including a sword and a silver Thor 's hammer pendant .
One of the men appeared to have suffered many grievous injuries , including a large cut to their left femur . A boar 's tusk was buried with them between their legs , which the researchers suggest might have been a replacement penis for the afterlife , assuming the leg injury also cost them their genitalia .
The site also includes what appear to be child sacrifices to the dead , four in all , curiously marked with both a stone and a sheep 's jawbone .
The key discovery is that the age of the bones matches with the date of this first great invasion , after decades of smash-and-grab plundering raids , as recorded in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicles , a sort of historical ledger .
The remains were found decades ago , but they could not be positively identified as Vikings for several reasons . Almost one in five was female , for example , and there were not as many battle injuries as archeologists expected to find . Most importantly , carbon dating put some of the bones at maybe the year 600 , so the assumption was that this mass burial pit represented many separate burials over many centuries .
This new study shows that some traumatic injuries had been missed , and the role of women in Viking armies has progressed , such that their presence is now less mysterious .
Most crucially , researchers led by Cat Jarmine of the University of Bristol showed that the earlier carbon dating tests were skewed because the people had a diet high in seafood , which can alter concentrations of the relevant carbon isotope . In fact , once this “ marine reservoir effect ” was corrected for , the dates matched up perfectly .
“ The new data presented here fully support the hypothesis that the Repton charnel contains the remains of members of the Viking Great Army , and further confirms the chronology of the Viking use of St. Wystan 's church and its surroundings for burial , ” the paper reads . “ In addition to helping understand the movements of the Great Army and the subsequent settlement of a Scandinavian population in England , this study has broader implications in emphasizing the importance of applying ( marine reservoir effect ) corrections to radiocarbon dates from human bone . ”
• Email : jbrean @ nationalpost.com | Twitter : josephbrean
I honestly feel sorry for the thousands of Washington NFL fans who make cross-country trips to watch this team throw up all over themselves .
Sunday 's 30-13 loss to the Los Angeles Chargers left the Washington NFL team with a 5-8 record , a mark that gives them no chance for a winning record with three games to go . Los Angeles produced 488 yards of offense to Washington 's 201 yards , and were the far superior team in all phases of the game . As a fan , you may have to start to question the team 's effort and coaching preparedness .
As viewers of this monstrosity , we did n't see much from Washington—nothing that would justify using four hours of your hard-earned weekend to end up feeling sad and alone all over again .
I did n't see anything positive worth discussing . Did you ? With six minutes remaining in the third quarter , the score was 30-6 . Beshaun Breeland 's 99-yard pick-six late in the fourth quarter was Washington 's only touchdown of the night .
Philip Rivers racked up 256 passing yards in the first half of another outstanding performance and the Chargers offense did whatever they wanted against an undermanned , underperforming Washington defensive unit . Deep balls , flea flickers , third-and-long completions—you name it . Thanks to Washington 's lack of a pass rush , watching a future Hall-of-Fame quarterback sit in the pocket all day is as frustrating as it can get .
The frustrating thing about Washington 's downward spiral this season is the number of ways this franchise has found to become the most pathetic team in the league not named Cleveland .
Having meaningless arguments about Kirk Cousins and their contract status is a fruitless endeavor at this point . He 's obviously playing the game at a disadvantage by missing so many core starters on offense . But a paltry six offensive points scored today is just that : six offensive points scored .
A defense which appeared markedly improved earlier this season has regressed to the mean of its talent . The main culprit during the last eight games of ineptitude has been the lack of consistent pressure from the front four . This has been an issue for this franchise for almost two decades , it seems , and continues to be a problem .
Opposing quarterbacks can pretty much figure that the playbook their coaching staffs prepared will be available without much pressure . No quarterback plays the position with “ happy feet ” against Washington . In a league that gives the offense many advantages towards success , constant pressure is a must . You can not win in this league without it , and Washington will not win until they find a way to do it .
On Monday , Dec. 11 , thirteen restaurant locations throughout Anderson County will donate a portion of their sales to support Aid to Distressed Families of Appalachian Counties ( ADFAC ) . The event , Dine & Donate , happens on the second Monday of each month .
Participating restaurants on Monday , Dec 11 include :
Hoskins , Clinton
Burchfields , Oak Ridge
Dean 's , Oak Ridge
Gallo Loco , Oak Ridge
Mediterranean Delight , Oak Ridge
Outback Steakhouse , Oak Ridge
Razzleberry 's , Oak Ridge
Soup Kitchen , Oak Ridge
Subway locations in Clinton ( 2 ) , Oak Ridge ( 1968 Oak Ridge Turnpike ) , Oliver Springs and Rocky Top .
Proceeds from Dine & Donate support ADFAC 's work to help the less fortunate in our community with services including short-term utility assistance , school supplies for K-12 students , home repairs for elderly homeowners and much more . ADFAC answers more than 6,000 requests for assistance each year .
For more , visit www.adfac.org .
The scientific research , too , suggests there 's good reason to be skeptical . It 's true that Ambien on occasion produces significant side effects , including hallucinations and memory lapses . But blaming the drug for bilious tweeting is a stretch .
Could Ms. Barr 's use of Ambien have led to a racist taunt ?
It 's a far-fetched claim at best .
Since they were introduced in the 1980s , the so-called “ Z-drugs , ” like Ambien ( zolpidem ) and Lunesta ( eszopiclone ) , have become enormously popular . They are sedatives used primarily to treat insomnia , and users have reported all variety of adverse reactions .
The best known ( and yes , these are most often associated with Ambien ) are sleepwalking and memory blackouts , as well as nighttime feasting — the discovery on waking that , say , an entire bowl of spaghetti has been consumed , and the only plausible culprit is oneself .
Many people have described zombielike behavior when on Ambien . Former Representative Patrick Kennedy , Democrat of Rhode Island and current mental health activist , in 2006 blamed the drug in part for theirs crashing a car into a security barricade at the United States Capitol .
Heavyweight contender Alapati “ The Heat Man ” A'asa has been forced to pull out from the fight of their life against Australian heavyweight boxer Alex “ Lionheart ” Le'apai , after suffering a right shoulder injury last week during their training .
The former American Samoa heavyweight champion , who has been fighting for Samoa since last year , was scheduled to face Le'apai on September 7 at the Faleata Sports Complex in Apia . The fight was scheduled for 8 rounds , and it was one of the four undercards for the main event of the evening between Jai Opetaia and Daniel Amman , both from Australia .
After they won their fight against one of Samoa 's top heavyweight contenders , Tino Honey in December of last year in an unanimous decision , the “ Heat Man ” continued on with their training to await who would be their next opponent .
It was June of this year when A'asa 's management confirmed to them that Le'apai would be their next opponent .
“ I was looking forward to this fight and I considered it as the big fight of my life . I trained hard and put up everything I have for this fight , knowing that Le'apai is one of the best and hard punchers in the heavyweight division . I know I 'm not perfect and I have some weaknesses in and out of the ring but I put everything behind me in order for me to win this fight . Unfortunately , things got worse when I got injured during my training and it 's really sad to think about it , ” said A'asa .
The `` Heat Man '' went to the hospital to see their doctor when they felt pain in their shoulder and they could hardly move it . It was after this visit that they received the sad news from the doctor — they had a serious shoulder injury , and they needed to stop training for the next 3 months or more , until they are well again to train .
“ I was very sad and heartbroken when I received the report from my doctor because I really needed this fight . I just wanted so bad to be in the ring with Le'apai , not only to learn from their skills but to lift up my career standard to the next level ; however , I have to comply with my doctor 's advice to stop training , ” they said .
Despite missing their chance , A'asa believes that the sun will rise again , and they will have their chance to fight Le'apai in the future .
“ I will wait patiently for my time to come and when my injury goes away , I will be back in the gym for training and I will train hard … I will fulfill my dream to become champ , ” A'asa said .
A'asa is on island visiting their family . He 's staying with their 77-year-old grandmother in Ottoville ; and will be back in Samoa in the next couple of weeks , where they will train with their new coach , Vaaiga Tuigamala — injury permitting .
Holding the record of 15 fights with 13 wins , 2 loses with 10 KO , A'asa is planning to fight again before the end of this year to extend their boxing career record . They said that they will be doing light training outside of the gym when they get back to their coach and management in Samoa , until they are cleared for full training .
After holding an undefeated boxing record of 10 fights with 10 wins , A'asa received the first loss of their boxing career by knockout in the second round of the 10-roundsbout , against Kiwi top heavyweight contender Hemi Ahio for the vacant NZ National Boxing Federation belt ( NZNBF ) in November 2015 at the Sky City , Auckland , NZ .
A'asa fought the first title fight of their life when Ahio was forced offshore to find a challenger for the NZNBF belt vacated by Joseph Parker , after a number of Kiwi opponents pulled out of the fight .
After their defeats , A'asa broke away from their long time head coach/trainer , Toleafoa Henry Tavake , and moved to Samoa to continue on with their boxing career under a new coach , Tu'igamala . They won all of their 3 fights in Samoa , but lost one in New Zealand against one of the Kiwi top heavyweight contenders , Junior Fa .
Le'apai on the other hand was the former world heavyweight title contender from Australia , who lost the first title fight of their life against former world heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitchko by knockout in the fifth round of a 12-round bout three years ago .
Le'apai became the first Australian to challenge for the heavyweight world title in 106 years when they fought Klitschko , and after their title fight , they were warned by their doctor that they could go blind if they kept fighting .
According to their fighting profile , they had surgery on both eyes after their title fight in 2014 , and faces another operation after experiencing more problems in their last bout , a unanimous-decision loss to Manuel Charr in Russia in 2015 .
Le'apai was planning to make a return to the ring against A'asa in Samoa next month . According to reports from Samoa about the fight , it will be Le'apai 's first bout in more than 2 years after they initially retired following surgery on both eyes . It is not clear at this time who is going to replace A'asa against Le'apai .
Le'apai boasts a career record of 30-7-3 ( 24KO ) .
SALEM , Ohio — The Kasich administration and the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency are poised to take a stronger regulatory approach to cleaning up the state 's waters , including the open waters of Lake Erie .
Three weeks after declaring the western portion of Lake Erie impaired , the Ohio EPA , on April 16 , released a study showing “ no clear trend ” of a nutrient loading decrease in most of the state 's watersheds , citing agriculture and other nonpoint sources as the main contributor .
The study , known as the Nutrient Mass Balance Study , also found that the state is far from reaching its target of a 40 percent reduction in phosphorus loading into lake Erie , set in a 2012 agreement between the U.S. and Canada .
New approach
Up until now , the state has been focused on voluntary efforts by farmers and private landowners , as well as new regulations that require farmers to be certified to apply fertilizer , and to avoid applying to frozen and snow-covered ground .
But more regulations could be coming , as state leaders say they need more evidence .
“ We are not showing the data for as much work as we have done and as much money as we have spent , ” said Ohio EPA Director Craig Butler . “ We would hope by now that we would see an environmental positive response and we are just not seeing that . ”
Butler said the state has spent more than $ 6 billion of its own money statewide , including $ 3 billion on the Lake Erie watershed to improve water quality since 2011 .
“ Do I think we 're making progress ? We have to be , ” Butler said . “ However , when we review all of the data from all of our monitoring … we 're not seeing those efforts reflected in the data . ”
Measuring the issue
Butler said the impairment designation had been considered for years , but the state lacked a way of determining such an impairment . The administration sought advice from the U.S. EPA , Ohio State University 's Stone Lab , Bowling Green State University , The University of Toledo and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Although the nutrient study cites a lack of progress , it also acknowledges that some results could take 10 or more years to be achieved .
“ While it is too early to detect statistically sound trends , the results of this study show no clear decrease in loading yet , especially in nonpoint source dominated watersheds like the Maumee , where the loading in 2017 was the highest of the years reported , ” the study says , in text that is underlined .
Libby Dayton , a research scientist with Ohio State University who is helping to rewrite the state 's phosphorus index , said the results of the EPA study are not surprising . However , they said it 's important to remember that the work is ongoing , and that like the study notes , some efforts take years .
“ It 's ( Lake Erie ) a big ship to turn , just because of the scale , ” they said .
Dayton said the new phosphorus index will release this summer , and with it farmers will be given an online tool to allow them to estimate their long-term erosion and dissolved phosphorus losses .
Controlling erosion
So far , their work shows that erosion is one of the biggest culprits , and making sure that nutrients are applied according to agronomic rates , or no more than what a crop needs for growth .
“ I 'm very optimistic that voluntary changes in farming practices can result in achieving the 40 percent reduction , ” they said .
Farmers continue to adopt new farming practices and conservation measures , and some wonder if enough time has been given to know whether they work . Since the summer of 2015 , farmers in the western basin have been required to meet new regulations for applying manure , and since September 30 , 2017 , all farmers who apply fertilizer to more than 50 acres must be state certified .
Farmers helped form both regulations , but are concerned about what lies ahead .
Know the science
Joe Cornely , communications director for Ohio Farm Bureau Federation , said it 's important that state regulators not get ahead of the science . They said a lot is still being determined , like how and why nutrients move .
“ Basing decisions on admittedly inadequate amounts of data is a problem , ” they said .
Cornely said the state 's approach so far has recognized that improvement takes time , and that more information is needed . In recent years , the Farm Bureau has partnered with state and federal leaders to research new farming practices through the use of demonstration farms and edge-of-field testing — hoping to find solutions that work for farmers and the nonfarm public .
They said there has definitely been a sudden “ change of tenor ” from the state , and that they have “ real concerns about the whole ready , fire , aim approach . ”
Even with the impairment designation , Butler said they do n't believe the state will be required to form new Total Daily Maximum Load limits for nutrients , because similar nutrient tracking has already been done .
New law
Butler is hopeful that a bill will soon be introduced into the state legislature that will lay out the framework for what is expected of agriculture .
The bill would include lower phosphorus discharge levels and would also expand the definition of agriculture pollution to include fertilizer . This would allow the EPA to declare parts of watersheds in distress , and focus on specific areas .
Butler said the bill has not been popular with farmers and so far a sponsor has not been found .
Related coverage :
Arbor Networks Inc. the security division of NETSCOUT ( NASDAQ NTCT ) , today announced that company executives will be presenting at two security industry events in June ISMG 's Fraud & Breach Prevention Summit in Chicago and the IANS Information Security Forum in Dallas . The ISMG session will focus on the impact of new cyber regulations and the IANS talk will focus on the challenges facing security teams related to big data , the lack of context and actionable intelligence .
ISMG Fraud & Breach Prevention Summit ( June 20-21 , 2017 ; Chicago )
IANS Information Security Forum ( June 21-22 , 2017 ; Dallas )
About Arbor Networks
Arbor Networks , the security division of NETSCOUT , is driven to protect the infrastructure and ecosystem of the internet . It is the principle upon which we were founded in 2000 ; and remains the common thread that runs through all that we do today . Arbor 's approach is rooted in the study of network traffic . Arbor 's suite of visibility , DDoS protection and advanced threat solutions provide customers with a micro view of their network enhanced by a macro view of global internet traffic and emerging threats through our ATLAS infrastructure . Sourced from more than 300 service provider customers , ATLAS delivers intelligence based on insight into approximately 1/3 of global internet traffic . Supported by Arbor 's Security Engineering & Response Team ( ASERT ) , smart workflows and rich user context , Arbor 's network insights help customers see , understand and solve the most complex and consequential security challenges facing their organizations .
To learn more about Arbor products and services , please visit our website at arbornetworks.com or follow on Twitter @ ArborNetworks . Arbor 's research , analysis and insight is shared via the ASERT blog . For a global data visualization of DDoS attacks that leverages our ATLAS intelligence , visit the Digital Attack Map , a collaboration with Jigsaw , an incubator within Alphabet , Google 's parent company ( NASDAQ : GOOGL ) .
Trademark Notice : Arbor Networks , the Arbor Networks logo and ATLAS are all trademarks of Arbor Networks , Inc. All other brands may be the trademarks of their respective owners .
The researchers placed depth cameras in various places -- in hallways , patient rooms and around hand sanitizing dispensers -- across two different hospital wards . Video was collected over the course of one very busy hour in the hospital and 80 percent of the video was used to train tracking algorithms while the other 20 percent was used to test the algorithms post-training .
During that hour , 170 people entered patient rooms but only 30 were found to follow correct hand hygiene protocol . And when using video images to determine those compliance rates , the computer vision algorithms were about 75 percent as accurate as humans making those classifications from watching the video playback . However , compared to observations made by people in the hospital wards covertly recording hand sanitation practices on the ground , the algorithms were more accurate .
According to New Scientist , the researchers are now planning to outfit three hospitals for an entire year to see how the technology and the observations it reports impact infection rates . As this method improves , it could be used for much more than just monitoring hand hygiene . Alexandre Alahi , one of the study 's authors told New Scientist , `` We ca n't afford to have a doctor in a room 24/7 , but we could afford an AI doctor every room , and every corridor too , leaving humans to do the most important jobs . ''
ScanSource , Inc. , ( NASDAQ SCSC ) , a leading global provider of technology products and solutions , announced today that it plans to release fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 results for the period ended June 30 , 2017 on Tuesday , August 29 , 2017 at approximately 4 00 p.m . ET . ScanSource management will host an earnings conference call to discuss these results later that day , August 29 , 2017 , at 5 00 p.m . ET .
The earnings conference call may be accessed via a live Internet webcast in the Investor Relations section of ScanSource , Inc. 's web site , www.scansource.com . A replay of the webcast will be available at www.scansource.com for 60 days .
About ScanSource , Inc .
ScanSource , Inc. ( NASDAQ : SCSC ) is a leading global provider of technology products and solutions , focusing on point-of-sale ( POS ) , barcode , physical security , video , voice , data networking and technology services . ScanSource 's teams provide value-added solutions and operate from two segments , Worldwide Barcode , Networking & Security and Worldwide Communications & Services . ScanSource is committed to helping its resellers and sales partners choose , configure and deliver the industry 's best solutions across almost every vertical market in North America , Latin America and Europe . In August 2016 , ScanSource entered the recurring revenue telecom and cloud services market through its acquisition of Intelisys , the industry 's leading technology services distributor . Founded in 1992 , the Company is headquartered in Greenville , South Carolina and was named one of the 2017 Best Places to Work in South Carolina . ScanSource ranks # 647 on the Fortune 1000 . For more information , visit www.scansource.com .
Euphoria in Delta community , as Rainoil executes road project
IDUMUJE-UGBOKO—RAINOIL Limited , an integrated downstream oil and gas company , has constructed a two-kilometre road at Idumuje-Ugboko community , Aniocha North Local Government Area , Delta State .
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony performed by the governor of Delta State , Senator Ifeanyi Okowa , the chief executive of the firm , Dr. Gabriel Ogbechie , an indigene of the community , said the project was a more direct way of the firm impacting its host communities .
They said the company , a wholly indigenous company , has created jobs with over 700 workers in its employ in 25 years of its operation as key player in the downstream sector .
The Rainoil boss , who commended the Delta State governor , Senator Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa , for giving approval for the construction of the road project , assured of the company 's readiness to continue to partner with state government towards the actualization of the governor 's lofty programmes as encapsulated in their SMART agenda .
Earlier , Senator Okowa had commended Dr. Ogbechie , for the wonderful feat and exemplary behaviour , which according to him , has become a model of corporate social responsibility .
“ He is one man I admire a lot ; they have a heart of gold . That they have chosen to share their wealth with communities rather than with their family alone , is worth commending , ” they said .
The post Euphoria in Delta community , as Rainoil executes road project appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
IDIOCY ! Kamala Harris Lists 3 Functions Of Gov't , ALL WRONG – Gets Schooled By Americans
Kamala Harris wants to be the Democratic nominee for the presidency in 2020 . This idiot ca n't even name the functions of our government and was jumped all over for revealing their cluelessness . They listed them as : “ A government has three functions : public health , public safety , and public education . The GOP budget does n't prioritize any of them. ” Wrong . Harris has no idea what the Constitution says , nor do they care . The three functions they names are all communist talking points . And this woman is a US Senator from California… why am I not surprised .
I 'd almost be embarrassed for them if they are n't such a pretentious , Marxist witch . They definitely removed all doubt concerning them being a fool . Not that we had much to begin with . The basic functions of the United States government are listed in the Constitution . They are : ‘ To form a more perfect Union ' ; ‘ To establish Justice ' ; ‘ To insure domestic Tranquility ' ; ‘ To provide for the common defense ' ; ‘ To promote the general Welfare ' ; and ‘ To secure the Blessings of Liberty ' .
Perhaps they are confusing the three branches of government with their functions . I wonder if they know them either… the Legislative branch , the Executive branch and the Judicial branch . None of those are responsible for what they listed either . It 's more likely that these are things that Democrats WANT the government to be responsible for . That 's not constitutional… that 's totalitarian in nature . Quick , someone gets this woman a copy of the Constitution and a dictionary ! A brain might help as well . Forget about the soul… they sold that long ago .
Babysitting Marxists is not a function of government . Handing out freebies and redistributing wealth is not a function of government . You do not have a constitutional right to healthcare , or to education or even to safety . You do have a right to be free and fend for yourself… that means work and make your own way , Kamala . I know it 's hard for you to grasp , but liberty entails taking responsibility for yourself and your circumstances . It does not entail the right to demand that the government take care of you .
If Kamala Harris truly cared about the functions of our government , they would support defending our borders , putting Antifa down , strengthening our military and reducing our national debt . They do n't care about any of those . Them concerns are planks in a communist political agenda . They are yet another useful idiot in a long line of them aiming to remold the US into a communist Utopia . In other words , she 's a dolt and a liar .
A government has three functions : public health , public safety , and public education . The GOP budget does n't prioritize any of them . — Kamala Harris ( @ KamalaHarris ) October 5 , 2017
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins 's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life . Gleaned from a lifetime of trial , error , and writing it down , Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short , digestible chapters . Buy Now
You ever read The Constitution ? Because it does n't seem like you have… — Brian Fletcher ( @ BrianFletcher7 ) October 5 , 2017
Wrong , Wrong , Wrong ! This government is defined by the U.S. Constitution for a reason. # KamalaBHO– she 's just not too bright. # PaTHeDiK . — Dean J Castle ( @ OpusconNation ) October 5 , 2017
The Government exists to safegaurd the rights of the individual , not be a cradle-to-grave Nanny State . — Michael pratschner ( @ mpratschner ) October 5 , 2017
Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz brought 1,500 people , a golden escalator and their own carpets on their historic , four-day state visit to Russia , a person familiar with the matter said .
The 81-year-old leader of the Gulf kingdom exited their plane late Wednesday and stepped out onto the special escalator they travel with . But something went wrong : It malfunctioned halfway down , and they had to walk the rest of the way . A cavalcade of cars sped the monarch to the center of the city , flanked by Russian police escorts .
During the first visit to Russia by a Saudi monarch , the two countries have already struck a deal on weapons sales and discussed ways to continue to cooperate on stabilizing the oil market . And as they have done in other cities , the Saudis made themselves at home in Moscow .
A Saudi plane is traveling daily between Riyadh and Moscow to transport supplies , said the person , who said that 800 kilograms of food has been brought in . Members of the royal entourage also replaced some of the hotel staff with their own personnel , who know exactly how they like their coffee made , the person said . King Salman , who 's staying at the Four Seasons , also came with their own furniture .
The Saudi government booked two entire luxury hotels for the visit : the Ritz Carlton and the Four Seasons . The latter had to ask some guests to cancel their reservations to make room–and even moved out people who live in the hotel permanently , people familiar with the matter said .
A doorman dressed in red livery at the Four Seasons said the entire hotel was booked through Oct. 8 and was n't open to the public .
Representatives from the Ritz and Four Seasons declined to comment . The Royal Court in Riyadh did n't respond to a request for comment on size of the delegation .
U.S. presidents also travel with large entourages , including a bullet-proof limousine and a Secret Service protection force , and sometimes also book entire hotels . Former U.S. President Barack Obama stayed at the Ritz in Moscow during a 2009 trip , and President Donald Trump also stayed there in 2013 for the Miss Universe contest that they owned .
The bill for fully booking the two hotels during the visit may run about $ 3 million , not including what the delegation will spend on services , restaurant meals and spa treatments , said Vadim Prasov , vice president of the Federation of Restaurateurs and Hoteliers of Russia .
With assistance from Glen Carey
To the Editor :
Posting a “ No Turn on Red ” sign on the side of the road is not acceptable . There are often bushes and grass in the way of the sign , and that can encourage accidents .
Edith M. Sanford
Sports News of Monday , 2 January 2017
Source : sportsworld.com
2017-01-02
File photo
Ghana Coach Avram Grant has dropped Ghana Premier League the best player Latif Atta Blessing and Fatau Dauda in 26-man provisional team for UAE training ahead of Gabon AFCON 2017 .
Ghana named a 26-man provisional team for the Black Stars training tour of the United Arab Emirates ahead of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations .
Andre Ayew , Daniel Amartey , Jordan Ayew , Andy Yiadom , Thomas Partey , Christian Atsu , Adam Kwarasey and captain Asamoah Gyan who were not in the country will meet the team in Dubai to continue preparations for the tournament .
For the players that trained here , our sources reveal coach Avram Grant has put defenders Nuru Sulley and Rashid Sumaila on Standby-the two players can only make the squad should Jonathan Mensah and Edwin Gyimah not passed fit .
Austria Lustenau striker Raphael Dwamena and sensational Schalke 04 Bernard Terkpetey have made the squad . Another massive inclusion is Ebenezer Ofori of Swedish side AIK .
Several other players who all trained with the team including Ghana Premier League player of the season Latif Blessing , Godsway Donyo , David Accam and goalkeepers Lawrence Ati-Zigi and Fatau Duada have all been dropped
BRIDGEWATER , N.S . — Jordan Ivanco stopped 20 shots as the Saskatoon Stars remained undefeated by downing the St. Albert Slash 4-1 on Tuesday in round-robin action at the 2018 Esso Cup .
Allison Reich beat Ivanco 7:19 into the game for a 1-0 lead before Saskatoon replied with four straight goals .
Reich 's goal was the first allowed at the national female midget championship by the Stars , who have outscored their opponents 12-1 in three victories . Ivanco and Arden Kliewer have combined to kick out 51-of-52 shots in three games .
Joelle Fiala and Mackenna Parker had a goal and an assist each for the Stars ( 3-0-0 ) while Calli Arnold and Anna Leschyshyn also scored .
Photo
Children who sleep less may be at increased risk for Type 2 diabetes , researchers report .
Earlier studies found a link between shorter sleep and diabetes in adults , but the connection has been little studied in children .
British researchers studied 4,525 9- and 10-year olds from varying ethnic backgrounds . On average , their parents reported they slept 10 hours a night , with 95 percent sleeping between eight and 12 hours .
The study , in Pediatrics , found that the less sleep , the more likely the children were to have higher body mass indexes , higher insulin resistance and higher glucose readings . All three are risk factors for Type 2 diabetes .
Over all , increasing weekday sleep duration by an hour was associated with a 0.2 lower B.M.I . and a 3 percent reduction in insulin resistance . The reasons for the link remain unclear , but the researchers suggest that poor sleep may affect appetite regulation , leading to overeating and obesity . This observational study could not establish cause and effect .
Still , the senior author , Christopher G. Owen , a professor of epidemiology at St. George 's University of London , said that for children , the more sleep the better — there is no threshold .
“ Increasing sleep is a very simple , low-cost intervention , ” they said . “ We should be doing our utmost to make sure that children sleep for an adequate amount of time . ”
UKHIA , Bangladesh — The newlyweds were asleep in their home in western Myanmar in June when seven soldiers charged in .
The woman , a Rohingya Muslim who agreed to be identified by their first initial , F , knew enough to be terrified . They knew the military had been attacking Rohingya villages , as part of what the United Nations has called ethnic cleansing in the mostly Buddhist nation . They heard just days before that soldiers had killed their parents and that their brother was missing .
Now they had come for them The men bound their husband with rope , and tied their scarf around their mouth . They yanked off their jewelry and tore off their clothes . They threw them to the floor .
And then , they say , the first soldier began to rape them
They struggled against him , but four men held them down and beat them with sticks . Them husband finally wriggled the gag out of their mouth and screamed .
And then they watched as a soldier fired a bullet into the chest of the man they had married only one month before . Another soldier slit their throat .
Them mind grew fuzzy . When the soldiers were finished , they dragged them outside and set their bamboo house ablaze .
It would be two months before they realized their misery was far from over : They were pregnant .
————–
The Associated Press reported this story with a grant from the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting .
————————
The rape of Rohingya women by Myanmar 's security forces has been sweeping and methodical , the Associated Press found in interviews with 29 women and girls who fled to neighbouring Bangladesh . These sexual assault survivors from several refugee camps were interviewed separately and extensively . The women gave AP their names , but agreed to be publicly identified only by their first initial , citing fears they or their families would be killed by Myanmar 's military . They ranged in age from 13 to 35 , came from a wide swath of villages in Myanmar 's Rakhine state and described assaults between October 2016 and mid-September .
Yet there was a sickening sameness to their stories , with distinct patterns in their accounts , their assailants ' uniforms and the details of the rapes themselves .
The testimonies bolster the U.N. 's contention that Myanmar 's armed forces are systematically employing rape as a “ calculated tool of terror ” aimed at exterminating the Rohingya people . The Myanmar armed forces did not respond to multiple requests from the AP for comment , but an internal military investigation last month concluded that none of the assaults ever took place . When journalists asked about rape allegations during a government-organized trip to Rakhine in September , Rakhine 's minister for border affairs , Phone Tint , replied : “ These women were claiming they were raped , but look at their appearances — do you think they are that attractive to be raped ? ”
Doctors and aid workers , however , say they are stunned at the sheer volume of rapes , and suspect only a fraction of women has come forward . Medecins Sans Frontieres doctors have treated 113 sexual violence survivors since August , a third of them under 18 . The youngest was 9 .
Each woman interviewed by the AP described attacks that involved groups of men , often coupled with other forms of extreme violence . Every woman except one said the assailants wore military-style uniforms , generally dark green or camouflage . The lone woman who described their attackers as wearing plain clothes said their neighbours recognized them from the local military outpost .
Many women said the uniforms bore various patches featuring stars or , in a couple cases , arrows . Such patches represent the different units of Myanmar 's army .
Though the scale of these attacks is new , the use of sexual violence by Myanmar 's security forces is not . Before they became Myanmar 's civilian leader , Aung San Suu Kyi themselves said Myanmar 's armed forces used rape as a weapon to intimidate ethnic nationalities .
Yet Suu Kyi 's government has not only failed to condemn the recent accounts of rape , it has dismissed the accounts as lies . In Dec. 2016 , the government issued a press release disputing Rohingya women 's reports of sexual assaults , accompanied by an image that said “ Fake Rape . ”
More than three months after the men burst into F 's home , they were living with their neighbours — a couple and their 5-year-old son . The timing of their rape left little doubt that the baby growing inside them belonged to one of the men who had caused all their grief .
They could only pray that things would not get worse . And then , one night in mid-September , they did .
The men broke down the door . There were five of them this time , F remembers . They slashed the boy 's throat , and killed the man .
Then they turned to the man 's wife , and to F. And their nightmare began again .
They stripped off the women 's clothes and threw them to the floor . F 's friend fought back , and the men beat them so viciously the skin on their thighs began to peel away .
But the fight had gone out of F. They felt their body go soft , felt the blood run between their legs as the first man forced themselves on her , and then the second . Three men savaged them friend .
When it was over , the women lay on the floor for days .
Finally , F hauled themselves to their feet , pulling their friend up with them Hand in hand , the women stumbled to the next village , and then began the 10-day journey to Bangladesh .
Which is where F lives now , in a tiny bamboo shelter between two filthy latrines . And it is here that F prays their baby will be a boy — because this world is no place for a girl .
The child will be the only family F has left . For her , the most haunting reminder of the agony they endured also , somehow , represents their last chance at happiness .
“ Everybody has died , ” they say . “ I do n't have anyone to care for me . If I give this baby away , what will I have left ? There will be nothing to live for . ”
A City of Oak Ridge Public Works Department contractor , GEOServices , LLC , will be performing work along W. Tennessee Avenue from New York Avenue to Georgia Avenue on Monday , October 9 , 2017 . As part of the project , it will be necessary to close one lane of traffic throughout the day in various locations along W. Tennessee Avenue . During this time , crews will be conducting a subsurface investigation to gather data that will be used for a future water line replacement design .
Drivers , pedestrians and cyclists are urged to use extreme care and caution when traveling along this section of roadway . Please take alternate routes when possible . Questions can be directed to the Public Works Department at ( 865 ) 425-1875 or by email PubWorksDis @ OakRidgeTN.gov .
NYPD Drops The Hammer On Illegal Immigration Protesters Blocking Street [ VIDEO ]
Since when was it acceptable for you and your friends to block off a public road and make the lives of everyone trying to get ...
LIVERPOOL , England — Wayne Rooney converted a 77th-minute penalty as Everton snatched a point in a 1-1 draw at Liverpool in the Merseyside derby in the Premier League on Sunday .
Liverpool took the lead through Mohamed Salah 's league-high 13th goal of the campaign and dominated the game until Dominic Calvert-Lewin fell to the ground after being pushed in the back by Dejan Lovren .
Rooney stepped up to send the penalty down the middle for their first goal in a Merseyside derby , in their second spell at Everton . It maintained Sam Allardyce 's unbeaten start as Everton manager after three games — seven months after earning a win at Anfield when in charge of Crystal Palace , Liverpool 's last home loss in any competition .
Everton still has n't won at the home of its fiercest rival since 1999 but will be more than happy to take a point from a match in which it was forced to defend for large periods .
Juergen Klopp saw their team stay fourth and knows their selection will come under scrutiny .
The Liverpool manager took the surprise step of breaking up their “ Fab Four ” attack by naming Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino as substitutes , instead playing Dominic Solanke as striker and bringing Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain into midfield .
It was part of six changes by Liverpool from the exhilarating 7-0 win over Spartak Moscow in the Champions League in midweek , but that did n't initially disrupt the team 's flow going forward .
Everton was on the back foot virtually from the first whistle , with the pace and trickery of Salah and Sadio Mane , in particular , causing the visitors problems .
Salah 's goal was a mixture of strength and footwork . Receiving a pass from right back Joe Gomez , the Egypt winger shrugged off Cuca Martina , twisted inside Idrissa Gueye , and curled a left-footed shot around Ashley Williams and into the top corner .
Mane squandered a two-on-one opportunity , dragging a shot disappointingly wide late in the first half , and Allardyce changed things by removing one of their two strikers — Oumar Niasse — at halftime .
Liverpool still dominated , though Everton goalkeeper Jordan Pickford was n't seriously tested before Rooney 's equalizer against the run of play , following a penalty decision that will be debated long and hard around the city .
Lovren did give Calvert-Lewin a slight nudge but maybe not enough to make the striker tumble over as they did . Lovren could n't believe it when the spot kick was given and Rooney converted it down the middle .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Anderton Boat Lift near Northwich has added a new prosecco and gin bar to its sixth annual beer and cider festival , being held between Friday , May 26 and Sunday , May 28 .
In what promises to live up to the success of its previous festivals , there will be 12 excellent beers from the UK as well as three ciders .
Once again , bands will be a key feature of the festival with performances by Platform 7 and Northwich-based bands Reminds and Tijuna Death Squad .
Open from 7pm until last orders at 11pm , tickets on the night will cost £7.50 but can be pre-ordered for £5 at https : //visitchester.digitickets.co.uk/category/13823
Beer tokens will cost £2 each or ten for £15 .
Each night , freshly-sourced food , including gourmet burgers , will be available in the Lift View .
Anderton Boat Lift events manager Graham Wood said : “ This is one of the friendliest events of its sort in the region . It is a great night out and the perfect place to meet up with friends for a good time .
“ We are delighted to be extending our what 's on offer this year with a prosecco and gin bar – it is always nice to come along and find something new .
“ Now in its sixth year , people always comment on the relaxed ambience of the site and its magnificent terraced site overlooking the huge lift and the River Weaver . This year 's festival is going to be our best yet . ”
Angellist : Number of New Crypto Job Listings Doubled in the Last Three Months
Angellist , a popular website that allows startups to raise money from angel investors , has revealed data about new crypto job listings on its platform . The company details the hiring needs of companies in the crypto space and what jobs are in demand .
Also read : Russian Regulators Draft Law to Restrict Crypto Mining , Payments , and Token Sales
Crypto Job Listings Doubled
Angellist revealed its new crypto job listing statistics last week . Citing that even though the price of bitcoin has dropped 60 % since December of last year , the company wrote :
In the last 3 months , the number of new crypto job listings has doubled .
Angellist is a U.S. website created in 2010 for startups , angel investors , and job-seekers looking to work at startups . In July 2013 , the company partnered with Crunchbase , an online tech company database owned by Techcrunch . Since 2015 , the site has allowed startups to raise money from angel investors .
What 's Behind Crypto Hiring Boom
Angellist explained the driving forces behind the crypto job boom .
Firstly , “ the price run-up of bitcoin and ethereum in 2017 is attracting more people into the space for the first time , and the level of interest from the investor community is also at a record high. ” The second factor is the ICO boom .
Successes of startups in raising millions have attracted others to raise money in the same way . “ For example , the team behind Filecoin recently broke the record for the largest ICO in history , raising $ 257M to build a decentralized file storage system , ” Angellist elaborated , noting :
The large sums of money going into the cryptocurrency space , from ICOs , to VC financings , and the price appreciation of bitcoin and ethereum , has led to a hiring boom at cryptocurrency startups .
The company emphasized , “ as cryptocurrency companies are growing , raising larger amounts of money at higher valuations , so are their hiring needs for finding top talent , ” adding that over $ 3 billion was raised using token sales in March alone .
In Demand Jobs
Not only “ experienced engineers who 've worked on cryptocurrency projects are in high demand , but so are talented engineers with an interest in blockchain technologies , ” the company detailed , noting :
There are also open positions needing to be filled in marketing , business development , operations , customer support , and other job functions that do n't require a technical background . Similar to any other high-growth startups , cryptocurrency companies need to hire at job functions across the entire organization , and fast .
What do you think of the rapid rise in the number of job listings in the crypto space ? Let us know in the comments section below .
Images courtesy of Shutterstock and Angellist .
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings ? Check our tools section .
The post Angellist : Number of New Crypto Job Listings Doubled in the Last Three Months appeared first on Bitcoin News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mexican restaurants are like buses in Sunderland , it seems . The city has been taco-less for a number of years and now we have a trio of Mexican joints bringing a flavour of Latin American to Wearside .
First to dish up belly-busting burritos is El Nido in Frederick Street , with Tequila Tequila in Green Terrace and Mexico 70 in High Street West also due to take a bite out of the increasingly popular Mexican food market soon .
Chilaquiles
I have a love / hate affair with this type of food – I loved it when I ate it in its birthplace where , as you 'd expect , it was exceptional for minimal pesos . But I 've always disliked it in this country where chain restaurants have dominated the market , often serving up over-priced slop .
Despite the unassuming facade of El Nido , tucked away down a narrow set of steps in a basement in Frederick Street ( something to consider if you have mobility problems ) , it has a more authentic flair for this type of food than the household name chains .
We were one of only a sprinkling of diners on a windy Wednesday night in January , but the welcome 's warm at this independent eatery which takes its terracotta colour palette from the hotter climes of Mexico . Other Mexican touches include vibrant tiles and flag-inspired bunting , while canteen-style seating , a graffiti mural and neon signage add an air of hipster .
The menu 's a concise affair , but is a welcome change to your usual Sunderland food offering with choices such as tostadas , tacos and burritos .
Fire chicken tostadas
The drinks menu 's also authentically Mexican with fiery cocktails to knock your socks off , such as a Mezcal Mule ( £6.90 ) and a Bloody Maria ( £8 ) featuring tequila instead of the typical vodka base . The Paloma caught my eye but I was informed they did n't have the necessary grapefruit juice for this tipple . Disappointing , but the Smokey Negroni with its mezcal ( a similar spirit to tequila ) and rich , smokey intensity was a great substitute . As an added bonus , Wednesday is 2-4-1 on cocktails which is friendly on the purse , if not on your liver – the cocktails are pretty lethal here !
I did n't fare too well with my first food order of a chorizo tostada either , as they 'd run out of that too . It was another glitch from a menu that 's quite small anyway , but we thoroughly enjoyed our other options of black bean tostada ( £4 ) and a fire chicken version ( £4.50 ) drizzled with accompanying lime .
The tostadas , which are basically flat toasted bread loaded with ingredients , are designed for sharing and you get plenty for your pesos – as well as extra heat for your buck . Much like in Mexico , food is a fiery affair here so be prepared to glug back the water in between all that tequila .
We also ordered chilaquiles ( £7 to share ) which are served as a basket piled high with lightly-fried tortillas topped with cheese and chicken . It 's served with four kinds of salsa which are lined up in order of intensity . None of your shop-bought dips here , these salsas were quite unlike others I 'd had before , ranging from a lip-tingling chilli-based number to a more mild , nutty flavour .
Vegetarian tacos
Next up , we ordered tacos at £3.50 each . You 're advised to order anything from one to five , depending on your hunger pangs .
Eyes bigger than our bellies , we ordered three each and struggled to polish them off - but it 's no problem to have your leftovers boxed up .
They were loaded with flavour . I especially enjoyed the frijoles refritos ( one of the veggie options ) which came piled high with moist refried beans , rice salsa , creamy guacamole and a light queso fresco .
It was the closest I 've got to proper Mexican-tasting grub this side of the Atlantic .
It can be a pain to sell your gear on eBay for many reasons , not the least of which is packaging . How do you know a box will be large enough without having it on hand ? eBay can help : it just launched a previously teased , ARCore-based augmented reality feature for Android that helps you choose a shipping box for US deliveries . Point your phone at your item and you can overlay USPS box sizes to determine which one will fit your outgoing goods . This could save you time testing boxes , and might save you some cash if you can get away with buying a smaller box ( or better yet , using one you already have ) .
Rescue workers continued to search for survivors on Thursday a day after a deadly fire swept through a London high-rise , but officials admitted it would be a `` miracle '' if more people were found alive as the death toll rose to 17 .
`` Tragically now we are not expecting to find anyone else alive , '' London Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton told Sky News early Thursday . `` The severity and the heat of the fire will mean that it will be an absolute miracle for anyone to be left alive . ''
As the search operations continued , authorities braced for the death toll to increase . In addition to the deceased , nearly 80 others were injured at the inferno at Grenfell Tower in North Kensington , which erupted early Wednesday morning . Of the injured , 18 people were listed in critical condition .
Cotton confirmed that there was still `` unknown numbers '' of people in the still-smoldering wreckage as of early Thursday morning .
`` Due to the severity of the fire and the way things are , it will take a long time for us to be able to do that search to properly identify anyone who is left in the building , but we will do that as soon as we can in conjunction with the police , '' Cotton said . `` There are , as we believe , still unknown numbers of people in the building . ''
Cotton commended rescue workers for doing `` absolutely sterling work '' and said their team hoped to conduct a fingertip search of the building once its edges were deemed secure .
The fire reportedly started at around 1 a.m. local time Wednesday on the fourth floor of the 24-story residential building . The cause of the fire is still unknown , but U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May , who visited the site on Thursday morning , promised a `` proper investigation '' into the incident .
Some tenants had previously complained about the upkeep of the tower , specifically warning about the fire risk . In November , a residents ' group , Grenfell Action Group , said that only a `` catastrophic event '' would expose the concerns it had about the building 's landlord , according to a blog post from the group .
It was not clear exactly how many residents were in the building , but the tower , built in 1974 , contained 120 apartments , according to its management company , Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation .
Family and friends of residents have posted missing persons bulletins all throughout the North London area , while others have shared images of loved ones who are unaccounted for .
London Ambulance Service said that as of Thursday morning , 68 people had been taken to local hospitals and another 10 people had self-reported and been accounted for . Other survivors have been asked to self-report at Portobello Rugby Club in London and `` make themselves known . ''
Fire officials said it took nearly two hours to gain control of the massive fire . The London Fire Brigade dispatched at least 40 fire engines , 20 ambulance crews and more than 200 firefighters in an effort to battle the conflagration .
Northeast Ohio communities are among those holding rallies this week to protest white supremacy and other racism .
Community Faith Assembly in Cleveland is organizing an interfaith prayer rally at 5:30 tonight outside City Hall in downtown Cleveland . And local clergy in Stark County have organized a rally in the downtown Bitzer Park in North Canton from 5 to 7 p.m .
On Wednesday night , from 8-10 , Medina County Together is holding a candlelight vigil on Medina 's downtown square . The group says the gathering is to be “ a peaceful response to the hatred and racism that are rampant in our country . ”
A similar rally is being organized for Wednesday night in Akron .
APC responsible for Nigerians ' suffering—PDP
By By Abdallah el-Kurebe
Sokoto—THE Peoples Democratic Party , PDP , in Sokoto State has said the “ poor performance ” of the Progressives Congress , APC , at all levels of government is responsible for Nigerians ' suffering , and that the party is an opposition to itself .
Speaking through the party 's state Secretary , Alhaji Kabiru Aliyu , yesterday , PDP described the current fracas between the Presidency and the Senate as an act of immaturity perpetrated by a bunch of people who had no positive feelings for the people they govern .
According to PDP , “ should the Senate and the Presidency be insensitive to the plight of the people and continue with the selfish fight among themselves ? This is an act of immaturity . They do not have the people at heart .
“ We expected the leadership of APC to take control of their ego by maintaining a smooth relationship between all arms of government , especially the legislature and the executive . The failure of the party to ensure this means that it is not in control . It has become a divided party .
“ Nigerians are disillusioned by the poor performance of the APC administration across all levels of governments .
“ People are suffering and in spite of the hope and trust that they had on this administration , they have been betrayed . Nothing has changed . ”
The post APC responsible for Nigerians ' suffering—PDP appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The planned remake of ‘ The Bride of Frankenstein ' has been pulled from Universal 's release schedule .
It was slated to for a release on February 14 , 2019 , with director Bill Condon at the helm , and was due to go into production in February , 2018 .
But according to Deadline , the movie has been put on hold while Condon continues to work on the script with David Koepp .
“ After thoughtful consideration , Universal Pictures and director Bill Condon have decided to postpone ‘ Bride of Frankenstein , ” read a statement from the studio .
“ None of us want to move too quickly to meet a release date when we know this special movie needs more time to come together .
“ Bill is a director whose enormous talent has been proven time and again , and we all look forward to continuing to work on this film together . ”
As part of the ‘ Dark Universe ' from Universal , which is plumbing its ownership of movie monsters from Dracula to the Wolfman , Javier Bardem is set to play Frankenstein 's monster , with Angelina Jolie in talks to play the lead role .
According to reports , Bardem is still committed to the role , but there could be issues now surrounding the fact that Jolie has recently signed up to make ‘ Maleficent 2 ' , with filming to start in early 2018 .
The first movie to emerge in the ‘ Dark Universe ' was Tom Cruise 's ‘ The Mummy ' , which was released earlier this year .
But it was something of an inauspicious start – it underperformed at the box office , taking just over $ 400 million from a rumoured near- $ 200 million budget , and was battered by critics .
There are also movies in development starring the Invisible Man , the Creature from the Black Lagoon , Van Helsing , the Phantom of the Opera and the Hunchback of Notre-Dame .
Read More :
Jared Leto to star in Hugh Hefner biopic
Blade Runner 2049 premiere cancelled after Las Vegas shooting
Oscar Pistorious family legal threat over Lifetime movie
Montreal health officials are blaming the heavy heat and humidity for at least six deaths in recent days .
Dr. Mylene Drouin told a news conference today the deaths have been investigated and are linked directly to the heat wave .
Drouin says the victims fit the profile of people authorities describe as at risk : those with chronic illness or mental-health problems , people who live alone and people without air conditioning at home .
They say there has also been a rise in the number of calls to ambulance services in recent days and that the city wants to avoid what happened in 2010 , when intense heat claimed 106 lives .
In the Eastern Townships region southeast of Montreal , four deaths are under investigation to determine if they are related to the extreme heat . Authorities were expected to provide more details on Wednesday morning .
The oppressive weather has enveloped much of Central and Eastern Canada since the Canada Day long weekend .
Environment Canada says humidex readings were to be in the 40 Celsius range today from southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region .
The weather agency says a “ very warm and humid air mass ” has settled over the Maritimes and above normal temperatures and humid conditions will stick around into Thursday . Maritime temperatures are expected to return to seasonal normals for the weekend .
A hot and humid air mass is also entrenched over southern Quebec , with Tuesday 's highs expected to be in the low 30s with a humidex reading between 35 and 40 C , also through Thursday .
Southern Quebec was rocked by violent storms on Monday , leaving thousands of homes and businesses without electricity , or air conditioning . Most of the outages were in the Outaouais region of western Quebec in addition to areas north and northeast of Montreal .
Environment Canada said much of southern Ontario , including Toronto , also remains under a heat warning , with a humidex reading of 43 expected on Tuesday . The extreme heat was expected to ease off on Friday with the passage of a cold front .
In western Alberta , meanwhile , the problem is rain and lots of it .
As of late Monday , about 30 millimetres of rain had fallen in the Jasper region , creating the possibility of flooding in low-lying areas . Environment Canada said another 25 to 50 millimetres of rain were expected before it tapers off Wednesday morning .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Cambridge Analytica , the Robert Mercer-backed data firm that harvested Facebook data from over 50 million users without their permission in service of Trump 's presidential campaign , is the subject of a hidden camera exposé on the U.K. 's Channel 4 where CEO Alexander Nix appears to promise prospective clients that they will entrap politicians in foreign elections .
Unbeknownst to Nix , the client they were trying to win over was actually a journalist posing as a “ fixer ” hired by a wealthy Sri Lankan family looking to insure that their preferred candidates win . The footage was recorded at various meetings in London hotels over a span of four months beginning in November , 2017 .
“ We have a long history of working behind the scenes you know , ” Nix told the reporter . “ Many of our clients do n't want to be seen to be working with a foreign company . We can set up fake IDs and websites , we can be students doing research projects attached to a university , we can be tourists . There are so many options we can look at . ”
Some of the more nefarious services Nix offered to prospective clients included bribing political opponents on camera and filming them soliciting sex workers .
In one recorded conversation , Nix offered to “ send some girls around to the candidate 's house — we have lots of history of things . ”
When the reporter asked them to elaborate , Nix said , “ I 'm just saying , we could bring some Ukrainians in on holiday with us you know . ”
“ They are very beautiful , ” Nix added . “ I find that works very well . ”
In another exchange , Nix offered to bribe an opponent with “ a large amount of money to the candidate , to finance their campaign in exchange for land for instance . ”
“ We 'll have the whole thing recorded , ” Nix said . “ We 'll blank out the face of our guy and we post it on the internet . ”
In the meetings , executives from Cambridge Analytica and its parent company Strategic Communications Laboratories ( SCL ) bragged about influencing over 200 elections across the world , including elections in Nigeria , India , and Argentina .
Cambridge Analytica was founded in 2014 by Mercer , their daughter Rebekah , and then-Breibart executive Steve Bannon to aid right wing candidates in Congressional midterm elections . The Trump campaign hired the analytics firm in July , 2016 and ended up paying $ 5.9 million for its services .
Jenny Cavnar has had a long-running career in Major League Baseball , but they slid into a historic new role in the broadcast booth Monday night , becoming the first woman since 1996 to call the televised play-by-play for a major league team .
Cavnar called the Colorado Rockies and San Diego Padres matchup in Denver alongside analyst Jeff Huson and former Rockies outfielder-turned analyst Ryan Spilborghs . It was a fitting assignment for Cavnar , who previously reported for the Padres before joining the Rockies as a pre- and post-game host in 2012 .
We are extremely proud of @ jennycavnar who tonight becomes among the first women ever to call play-by-play for a @ MLB broadcast . pic.twitter.com/Y8aQhARnnn — Colorado Rockies ( @ Rockies ) April 24 , 2018
With more than a decade of baseball reporting in various capacities under their belt , Cavnar called their first televised homerun Monday night when Rockies ' third baseman Nolan Arenado stepped up to the plate .
`` That ball is shot into left field , fire up the fountains she 's gone , '' Cavnar announced , describing the two-run shot in the bottom of the first inning . Them run call coincided with the eruption of the classic Coors Field fountains whenever the home team hits a home run .
107 mph off the bat for Nolan and then Story adds a clean shot to the concourse . 464 feet , the longest of their career . ? ? pic.twitter.com/5EWDWPUiyx — Colorado Rockies ( @ Rockies ) April 24 , 2018
Cavnar joins a shortlist of women who have called America 's pastime .
Mary Shane was the first female in a booth , doing radio for the Chicago White Sox in 1976 before moving on to television ; and Suzyn Waldman was the first woman to do baseball game commentary , for a few New York Mets games on radio in June 1993 , according to ESPN . Waldman called their first TV broadcast in July 1995 for a New York Yankees versus Texas Rangers game on ABC 's `` Baseball Night in America '' and their first play-by-play in 1996 .
Other notable women who have spent time in the booth include Gayle Gardner , who replaced Charlie Jones on the Rockies TV broadcast for the Aug. 3 , 1993 Rockies and Cincinnati Reds game . Pam Boucher announced 36 games on Yankees TV , WPIX in 1977 .
Cavnar , a Colorado native , previously made history in 2015 as the first female analyst for a series of National League games in the radio booth .
They felt the love with messages of support from around the league and other women in the industry , including ESPN `` Sunday Night Baseball '' analyst Jessica Mendoza .
Means a lot @ jessmendoza ! ! Thank you for doing your thing ! ! — Jenny Cavnar ( @ jennycavnar ) April 24 , 2018
So proud to be a part of @ jennycavnar doing Play by Play tonight @ ATTSportsNetRM between @ Rockies and @ Padres ! I believe they will be the First woman in @ MLB history to call Play by Play on a tv broadcast ! ! ! ! Breaking through ceilings ! # makingHerStory ! # GoJenny — Ryan Spilborghs ( @ spillygoat19 ) April 23 , 2018
Although the Rockies fell to the Padres 13-5 , the night will go down as a win for Cavnar .
Breaking : Ex-Katsina Gov . Shema remanded in EFCC custody
By Bashir Bello
KATSINA – THE former Katsina State Governor , Ibrahim Shehu Shema was on Tuesday remanded in Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , EFCC custody over alleged money laundering of N5.7bn SURE-P Funds .
The presiding judge at the Federal High Court in Katsina , Justice Babagana Ashigar gave the order at the Tuesday court sitting .
Ashigar said the former governor should be detained in the custody of the EFCC till 27th April , 2018 when it will hear the written application for their bail .
Shema had pleaded not guilty of the 26-count charges of the alleged money laundering leveled against them just as their lead counsel , Emmanuel Ukala SAN pleaded for their bail through a written application filed on the 18th April , 2018 and later oral application which the prosecution counsel , Sam Ologunorisa objected to the application .
The presiding judge , Ashigar however overruled the defendants oral application and fix 27th April , 2018 to hear the written application .
Ologunorisa objected the bail application saying the offence committed by the former governor , Shema was entitled to at least 7-years imprisonment without option of fines .
However , the former governor , Ibrahim Shehu Shema was arraigned over N5.7 billion fraud been leveled against them by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) before a Federal High court in katsina .
The post Breaking : Ex-Katsina Gov . Shema remanded in EFCC custody appeared first on Vanguard News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
All six current Foo Fighters recently appeared on an episode of Carpool Karaoke , the claustrophobic celebrity viral content generator James Corden pretends to drive to work . The final cut was only 13 minutes long , but the video shoot sounds like it was considerably more arduous . Foo Fighters ' Pat Smear talked to NME about it , and you get the sense they were putting it gently : “ By hour three in dude 's car it got less fun . It kinda went on . When we stopped at Guitar Center , that felt like we were done , but it was like ‘ this is halfway . ' ”
Dave Grohl apparently said the experience was “ a little uncomfortable , ” and that he 'd wished the show had used footage of the band karaoke-ing Rick Astley and the Ramones , instead of just their own songs . According to Grohl , Corden is “ definitely is [ a music lover ] , ” which is a strange thing to say about the guy who brought us Foo Fighters covering “ Never Gon na Give You Up ” at a Guitar Center . Revisit this valuable cultural artifact below .
MONTREAL — The leader of the Coalition Avenir Quebec says they want to form an energy alliance with Ontario and the Atlantic provinces if they become premier this fall .
Francois Legault 's plan would involve building additional power lines to Ontario , the northeastern United States and even the U.S. Midwest .
Legault 's Coalition has been riding high in recent opinion polls , with at least one indicating they would have formed a majority government had the election been held when the survey was conducted .
The election will be held Oct. 1 .
Legault is hoping the allure of affordable electricity will persuade Ontario to join the alliance , while they believe its creation would put an end to decades of squabbles between Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador over electricity .
They also believe such an alliance would help fill Quebec government coffers .
Honestly , there 's no way this was ever going to play out well . Let 's go over it together : You were watching trailblazing Boston hardcore greats Converge play a packed show in Berkeley on Tuesday night , and you decided to get up onstage . That 's normal ; it happens at hardcore shows all the time . But then you walked up to legendarily intense frontman Jacob Bannon , put your arm over their shoulder , and paused for a mid-song selfie . Did you really think this out ? Because here 's what happened : The band stopped playing , and the entire crowd booed you . Then , when they started up again , you tried to dive into the crowd , and nobody caught you . And as Alternative Press points out , someone caught the whole thing on video , so that the rest of us could bear witness to your pain and humiliation . Here , watch :
Unforgivable . @ converge A post shared by Kelen Capener ( @ kelenkeller ) on Jan 24 , 2018 at 12:00am PST
Did you learn your lesson ? I hope you learned your lesson . But why do I get the sense that you 're going to try this again ?
This post originally appeared on Stereogum .
A group of former Brazilian women 's national team players have signed an open letter criticizing their federation following the dismissal of coach Emily Lima .
The group includes Formiga , who currently plays professionally for Paris Saint-Germain in France but retired from the national team last year after a record-breaking career that included every Olympic women 's tournament .
“ We , the players , have invested years of our own lives and all of our energy to build this team and this sport to its strength today , ” Friday 's letter said . “ Yet we , and almost all other Brazilian women , are excluded from the leadership and decision-making for our own team and our own sport . ”
Lima , the first woman ever to coach Brazil 's national team , was fired late last month after less than a year on the job . The team went 7-5-1 during their short tenure .
Following their dismissal , several veteran players , including Cristiane and Fran , stepped down from the team . They were among those who signed the open letter , along with Formiga .
“ Over many years we have lived and watched in despair as Brazil 's women were neglected by CBF ( the Brazilian soccer confederation ) . The events of the last week — where players ' voices were ignored , and some are now retiring in protest — is the result of a long history of lockout , ” it read . “ While some validly choose to remain inside the team and seek change from within , the fact that players have to make such a choice raises bigger issues . It has made us determined to speak out and demand change . ”
The players called on CBF to include women in leadership and decision-making positions , and to help provide a path for players to pursue coaching jobs .
Cristiane spread the letter to social media with the hashtag # hearhervoice .
“ Today I 'm posting a very important document , which I 've signed together with many legends of the Brazil team . Please join many other former national team players from around the world by supporting & sharing our request for gender equality in Brazil football , ” they said on Instagram .
The CBF did not respond to an email seeking comment .
Oswaldo Alvarez , known as Vadao , was hired to replace Lima . Vadao was the coach of the team before Lima replaced him , but they were dismissed after the Brazilians failed to reach the podium at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics .
Marta , perhaps the best known current Brazilian player , said a week ago that they did not plan to step down .
“ I will not stop playing for Brazil . Whenever they want me I will be willing to go , ” the 31-year-old five-time FIFA World Player of the Year said about a week ago . “ I am very sad , these athletes still have a lot to give . I hope the girls take it back so we can fight like we did all our lives , asking for improvements , pay rises and whatever is needed . ”
Marta plays professionally in the United State for the Orlando Pride , which is set to play Saturday in the National Women 's Soccer League semifinals against the Portland Thorns .
The Mummy is not a great film , but it 's not that bad
My mother spent the majority of their career in education as a school librarian . As a result , I spent many an afternoon perusing the books in their library as they worked after school . They are an excellent librarian and their collection contained many a volume—anything an elementary student might want to know .
One particular genre , classified by the unparalleled Dewey Decimal System , could be found in the 700 's under sports , games , and entertainment . On their shelves were a series of books that told the stories of movie monsters , specifically those under the Universal umbrella , with names like The Wolfman , Frankenstein , Dracula , and my personal favorite , The Creature from the Black Lagoon .
I never had cable growing up , so I was never treated to these films on the small screen , but because of my many hours in my mother 's library , I learned about them all the same . I knew the names Bela Legosi and Boris Karloff at a time when most of my friends were more concerned with Arnold Schwarzenegger and Kevin Costner .
Even though I had never seen the films themselves , I found the look and style of the characters to be fascinating and terrifying and beautiful .
The cyclical nature of Hollywood means that everything will reappear at one point or another . No film is safe , it seems , from a reboot or a remake . The same is now true of these classic Universal films .
With this year 's release of The Mummy ( itself a reboot of a Brendan Fraser triology from the late ‘ 90s/early 2000 's ) , Universal is cashing on the cinematic universe a la Marvel and DC . Their so-called Dark Universe will feature the classic monster movies in an updated environment , ripe for the very best in CGI uncanny valley style animation , existing together for what one can only hope will be eternal movies in the monster vs. monster genre .
The Mummy is sitting at a whopping 17 percent fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes , which is to be expected for the type of movie it is . Many of the aggregate critics are understandably harsh on the film .
Is The Mummy a great cinematic masterpiece ? Not at all . Have any of the various Mummy films been great cinematic masterpieces ? Absolutely not . Is this version of The Mummy any worse than the others ? Not really .
2017 's The Mummy tells a coherent story about an ancient evil and does so with a few laughs and very few chills . It 's not a great movie , but it 's not a bad one either .
This film begins with the tale of Princess Ahmanet , who was destined to rule Egypt until their younger brother was born . Not content to give up their birthright to a whiny little brat , Ahmanet made a pact with the Egyptian god Set to give them physical form in exchange for a kingdom .
The pact gives them enough superpowers to murder their father , their wife , and their baby but she 's unable to overcome their guards and is mummified alive and buried far away from Egypt in an underground tomb , guarded by statues and covered in a pool of mercury , which supposedly wards off evil spirits .
Cut to modern times , a pair of mercenaries ( Tom Cruise and Jake Johnson ) looking to loot modern day Iraq under the guise of a government contract inadvertently open the tomb with the help of a cruise missile .
Another young researcher ( Annabelle Wallis ) immediately recognizes the significance of the find and the sarcophagus are removed for transportation to London , when the evil within begins to take control .
Obviously , this film is not breaking any new ground . Nor is it retreading old ground effectively . Tom Cruise is miscast for the part , calling back to Brendan Fraser style humor but not selling it anywhere near as effectively , and they lack a certain amount of chemistry with the leading lady , both living and dead .
But if you can overlook certain things , the story itself is interesting and fun . In particular , the secret society that exists to combat evil being led by a barely contained Dr. Jekyll ( Russell Crowe ) helps establish a universe that there is bound to contain at least a few good ideas . There is potential in the Dark Universe , even if it 's not fully realized in The Mummy .
I can say , without hesitation , that there is at least an audience of one for these films . I 'd like to see more . Even with the negative reviews , The Mummy looks to be moderately successful at the box office , which means I 'll likely get my wish .
Next up : The Bride of Frankenstein . We 'll have to see where it goes from there .
NEW YORK — An acclaimed poet and editor says they will correct any errors in their current book after a critic alleged they had improperly lifted material .
Jill Bialosky said in a statement Thursday that they had “ inadvertently ” used “ fragments ” from “ common biographical sources ” for their memoir “ Poetry Will Save Your Life. ” On Wednesday , William Logan alleged in a post on the Tourniquet Review that Bialosky took passages from Wikipedia and other websites without crediting them . One example showed a close resemblance between a section in their book on the poet Robert Lowell and an excerpt from Lowell 's Wikipedia page .
“ William Logan has extracted a few ancillary and limited phrases from my 222-page memoir that inadvertently include fragments of prior common biographical sources and tropes after a multiyear writing process , ” Bialosky said in a statement released through their publisher , Atria Books . “ This should not distract from the thesis of this book , which derives from my own life , my experiences and observations . I will , of course , correct any errors that are found for future editions of the book . ”
Atria itself issued a statement defending the book and saying any errors would be fixed .
Bialosky , whose other works include the poetry collections “ The Players ” and “ The End of Desire , ” in 2014 received a lifetime achievement honour from the Poetry Society of America . They are an executive editor and vice-president at W.W. Norton & Company , which has published books by Adrienne Rich , Gerald Stern and other prize-winning poets .
Every athlete registered for this week 's European Athletics Under-18 Championships in Győr was made to complete anti-doping training in order to take part .
It marks the first time that education against drugs in sport has been a mandatory entry requirement for an international athletics event .
In all , 1,063 athletes completed the European Athletics-led `` I Run Clean '' programme with the Under-18 Championships beginning in the Hungarian city tomorrow .
They all had to provide an encrypted certification number showing that they had logged on to an e-learning platform with either their phone or computer .
They were also obliged to create a personal profile and successfully complete eight interactive unites .
These covered anti-doping rules , general information on doping control and personal values .
`` This is a real success story for European Athletics and for our sport , '' said chief executive Christian Milz .
`` Since we first used the words ' I Run Clean ' on the number bibs at the 2015 European Cross Country Championships , the project has engaged most of our organisation , from our Medical and Anti Doping Commission to our Events and Competition Department to our communications network to our Member Federations and , of course , the athletes . ''
Estonia 's Sydney 2000 Olympic decathlon champion Erki Nool in front of an I Run Clean sign ©Getty Images
Launched last year in English , I Run Clean has since been expanded to 25 languages .
European Athletics say this is the most for any anti-doping education programme in the world .
More than 3,000 athletes are said to have completed the initiative so far and by the 2020 European Athletics Championships in Paris , competitors of all ages will be required to finish it .
`` When President [ Svein Arne ] Hansen assumed their post in 2015 they said they wanted to enhance anti-doping education and implement a sort of 'driver 's licence ' or certification , '' added Milz .
`` I Run Clean is the fulfillment of that promise and we are proud to have delivered on this important and challenging milestone without a hitch .
`` The programme is free of cost and open to all athletes , regardless of their performance level , and the feedback we have had so far has been very positive .
`` We think that by engaging young people with an attractive , user-friendly source of information about the fight against doping we can shape the thinking of a generation and make a positive impact on the culture of sport . ''
Action in Győr will continue until July 8 .
Homebuying in what we 'll call the “ Beach Blvd . Corridor ” — in and around Huntington Beach , Fountain Valley , Garden Grove and Westminster — rose 34 percent in 2008 's first quarter vs. 2018
In the first quarter of 2008 , housing 's bubble was bursting and it was just months before the global financial collapse that led to the Great Recession . This three-month period still stands as Orange County 's slowest-selling start to any year in CoreLogic 's database that dates to 1988 .
ICYMI : O.C . housing 's rebound from the crash
We decided to see how neighborhood housing markets fared since , comparing homebuying 's start of 2008 vs. this year 's first three months .
CoreLogic found these 19 trends in 13 ZIP codes covered by the Orange County Register 's The Wave weekly , …
1 . Purchases : Home sales in this period totaled 984 vs. 735 a decade ago , a gain of 33.9 percent .
2. Who 's up : Prices increased in 13 of the 13 ZIPs as sales rose in 12 ZIPs .
3 . Countywide : $ 710,000 median selling price , up 38.4 percent . Orange County sales totaled 7,800 residences , existing and new , vs. 4,419 a decade ago , a gain of 76.5 percent . Prices rose in 79 out of 83 Orange County ZIPs and sales were up in 76 out of 83 ZIPs .
Here is how prices and sales moved at the community level …
4 . Fountain Valley 92708 : $ 760,000 median , up 32.8 percent . Price rank ? 31st of 83 . Sales of 119 vs. 70 a decade ago , a gain of 70.0 percent .
5 . Garden Grove 92840 : $ 560,000 median , up 38.3 percent . Price rank ? No . 67 of 83 . Sales of 89 vs. 69 a decade ago , a gain of 29.0 percent .
6 . Garden Grove 92841 : $ 619,000 median , up 45.6 percent . Price rank ? No . 58 of 83 . Sales of 46 vs. 36 a decade ago , a gain of 27.8 percent .
7 . Garden Grove 92843 : $ 522,500 median , up 20.8 percent . Price rank ? No . 78 of 83 . Sales of 49 vs. 44 a decade ago , a gain of 11.4 percent .
8 . Garden Grove 92844 : $ 528,500 median , up 31.3 percent . Price rank ? No . 77 of 83 . Sales of 26 vs. 32 a decade ago , a decline of 18.8 percent .
9 . Garden Grove 92845 : $ 670,000 median , up 29.6 percent . Price rank ? No . 49 of 83 . Sales of 42 vs. 25 a decade ago , a gain of 68.0 percent .
10 . Huntington Beach 92646 : $ 648,000 median , up 24.6 percent . Price rank ? No . 55 of 83 . Sales of 149 vs. 97 a decade ago , a gain of 53.6 percent .
11 . Huntington Beach 92647 : $ 727,500 median , up 35.9 percent . Price rank ? No . 36 of 83 . Sales of 96 vs. 69 a decade ago , a gain of 39.1 percent .
12 . Huntington Beach 92648 : $ 870,000 median , up 16.9 percent . Price rank ? No . 21 of 83 . Sales of 129 vs. 98 a decade ago , a gain of 31.6 percent .
13 . Huntington Beach 92649 : $ 860,000 median , up 41.0 percent . Price rank ? No . 22 of 83 . Sales of 78 vs. 65 a decade ago , a gain of 20.0 percent .
14 . Midway City 92655 : $ 589,000 median , up 28.0 percent . Price rank ? No . 62 of 83 . Sales of 8 vs. 5 a decade ago , a gain of 60.0 percent .
15 . Stanton 90680 : $ 430,000 median , up 18.1 percent . Price rank ? No . 80 of 83 . Sales of 37 vs. 33 a decade ago , a gain of 12.1 percent .
16 . Westminster 92683 : $ 649,500 median , up 38.8 percent . Price rank ? No . 54 of 83 . Sales of 116 vs. 92 a decade ago , a gain of 26.1 percent .
Let 's toss in three more countywide trends …
17 . Single-family homes resales : 4,614 Orange County sales vs. 2,853 a decade ago , a gain of 61.7 percent . Median : $ 760,000 — a rise of 32.2 in the period .
18 . Condo resales : 2,097 sales vs. 1,080 a decade ago , a gain of 94.2 percent . Median : $ 495,000 — a rise of 32.0 in the period .
19 . New homes : 1,089 sales vs. 487 a decade ago , a gain of 123.6 percent . Median : $ 873,000 — a rise of 63.8 in the period .
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 17-5-1 17-8-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 13-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 18-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 16-8-1 11-11-3 8-5-2 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 13-8-3 12-13-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 12-10-5 8-14-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 19-3-2 13-9-2 11-1-1 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 18-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 16-5-3 13-7-4 10-4-2 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 18-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 17-7-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 14-7-3 12-9-4 12-2-3 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 17-4-4 10-14-1 8-8-0 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 12-11-3 13-5-5 8-5-3 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 18-7-1 9-11-2 7-6-1 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 12-9-3 14-9-2 6-9-3 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 12-10-3 12-9-4 6-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 8-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Monday 's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday 's Games
Minnesota 3 , Columbus 2 , SO
Pittsburgh 5 , San Jose 2
Florida 4 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3 , Boston 1
Carolina 2 , Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3 , Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3 , Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3 , Montreal 1
Chicago at Nashville , 8 p.m .
Los Angeles at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Vegas at Calgary , 9 p.m .
Colorado at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto , 7:30 p.m .
San Jose at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Philadelphia at Washington , 8 p.m .
Thursday 's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Montreal at Carolina , 7 p.m .
St. Louis at Boston , 7 p.m .
Florida at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Anaheim at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Vegas at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Los Angeles at Nashville , 8:30 p.m .
Tampa Bay at Calgary , 9 p.m .
Dallas at Arizona , 9 p.m .
Colorado at Edmonton , 9 p.m .
Chicago at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Friday 's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Detroit at Carolina , 7 p.m .
San Jose at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Vegas at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
The stars of Stranger Things are cashing in on the Netflix drama 's wild success .
The cast of the Emmy-nominated show have scored major pay raises following an intense renegotiation ahead of the sci-fi drama 's third season . Sources say the new deals for the kids actors are worth roughly 12 times their previous salaries , and that the streaming giant is ponying up as much as $ 350,000 an episode for each of the show 's adult actors . Insiders say the deals closed last week as production on season three is scheduled to begin April 23 . Netflix declined comment .
According to sources , the main actors are divided into different pay tiers . Winona Ryder ( Joyce ) and David Harbour ( Jim Hopper ) make up the “ A tier ” and are making up to $ 350,000 an episode . The “ B tier ” consists of the young stars — Finn Wolfhard ( Mike ) , Gaten Matarazzo ( Dustin ) , Caleb McLaughlin ( Lucas ) and Noah Schnapp ( Will ) — who are each collecting $ 250,000 per episode . Meanwhile , the actors in the “ C tier ” — onscreen teenagers Natalia Dyer ( Nancy ) , Charlie Heaton ( Jonathan ) and Joe Keery ( Steve ) — are each pocketing roughly $ 150,000 an episode .
What remains a mystery is where the show 's 14-year-old breakout , Millie Bobby Brown ( Eleven ) , landed among those tiers , as their camp has been tight-lipped throughout the dealmaking process . What is known , however , is that Brown , as THR reported last year , separated themselves from the rest of the cast during the renegotiation , and is at least making the $ 250,000 that the other younger actors are earning . But some sources suggest Brown may be getting even more , possibly the $ 350,000 per episode that Ryder and Harbour are making . Others balk at the idea of Brown earning as much Ryder , an Oscar-nominated actor who has been working for three decades , and say the young starlet is instead in their own tier of $ 300,000 in between the adults and the other kids .
Regardless of Brown 's exact payday , the hefty salary bumps represent massive raises for television stars . Even though the actors were handed out bonuses of about $ 60,000 once it became clear that the show was a phenomenon , a renegotiation was still all but a given heading into the drama 's third season . Sources say the child actors were making in the low $ 20,000 range for the first and second seasons of the series , while Ryder 's per episode rate was pegged at around $ 100,000 and Harbour 's at $ 80,000 . The raises mean that the young castmembers are earning a whopping 1,200 percent more than what they were previously making on the show .
The raises also reflect the success the nostalgic 80's-set series has had ever since it burst onto the scene in the summer of 2016 as a surprise hit . While Netflix , like its streaming competitors , does n't report viewership numbers , most outlets that track the streamer 's ratings report Stranger Things as one of the most watched on the service . The drama , created by brothers Matt and Ross Duffer , was nominated for 18 Emmys last year , including acting nods for both Brown and Harbour . And the popularity of the show has prompted Netflix to strike licensing deals with clothing companies like Hybrid Apparel and Hot Topic , even leading the company to hire an executive ( Jess Richardson ) to oversee those efforts . As Netflix has run into serious issues on its former flagship series House of Cards in the wake of Kevin Spacey 's sexual misconduct scandal , Stranger Things has quickly become the platform 's crown jewel .
Just as the drama has helped to solidify Netflix 's reputation as a premiere destination for creators , the show has also launched many of its previously unknown cast members into full-fledged stardom . Brown , for their part , has parlayed their fame on the series into a burgeoning fashion career ( she 's the new face of Calvin Klein , has an deal to promote Converse sneakers and was seen front row at the Monclear show at Milan Fashion Week in February ) , a massive social media following ( she has over 15 million Instagram followers alone ) and prestigious bigscreen opportunities : She 'll star opposite Kyle Chandler , Sally Hawkins and Bradley Whitford in 2019 's Godzilla : King of the Monsters , and also has a development deal at Legendary for an Enola Holmes adaptation ( the teen is attached to produce it , too ) .
To be sure , the show has been a calling card for its other castmembers , as well . Wolfhard had a plum part in the box-office smash It , and also snagged a coveted role in the upcoming film The Goldfinch with Nicole Kidman . Dyer was recently cast in Dan Gilroy 's next feature , which stars John Malkovich and Jake Gyllenhaal , while Keery will appear in the movie Beef with Timothy Olyphant and Jai Courtney . Harbour , who already had an extensive résumé before Stranger Things , saw their star rise considerably after the show 's debut , landing the lead role in the Hellboy reboot . And for Ryder , the drama is widely considered their comeback vehicle .
Renegotiations are , of course , common on successful shows . Higher-profile examples often spill into public view , dating back to the Friends cast landing their $ 1 million per episode paycheck . More recently , the raises awarded the casts of ABC 's Modern Family and CBS ' Big Bang Theory made headlines , as did that of HBO 's Game of Thrones , which has undergone multiple deal iterations since the drama 's premiere in 2011 ( the most recent one had the six leads earning upward of $ 500,000 per episode ) . The cable network also recently inked new deals with the stars of Big Little Lies when it decided to bring the limited series back for a second season . Reese Witherspoon and Kidman were said to have jumped from roughly $ 300,000 an episode in season one to around $ 1 million for the new season , using Witherspoon 's Apple payday as a negotiating tool . The renegotiations led an HBO exec to say that the cast 's salary demands “ raped ” the network , only to later apologize for “ the poor choice of words . ”
Borys Kit contributed to this report .
This article originally appeared in The Hollywood Reporter .
OTTAWA — He 's a two-time world champion and a three-time Brier winner and now Kevin Koe can add Olympian to their lengthy list of accomplishments .
Koe and their Calgary teammates Mark Kennedy , Brent Laing and Ben Hebert beat Winnipeg 's Mike McEwen 7-6 in the final of the Canadian Olympic curling trials Sunday night a Canadian Tire Centre .
They played a tremendous game in the final , just as they did all week while going 7-1 in the round robin , and needed everything they could muster against an extremely tough McEwen team .
In an absolute classic of a game , Koe had to make a draw to the four-foot against two McEwen rocks in the 10th end to secure the win . They needed all three of their sweepers , working their hardest , to get it there . It made for high drama , but they got it there .
“ I did n't want to be heavy … I wanted to give the boys a chance to sweep it , ” Koe said . “ I honestly was n't sure it was gon na make it but what sweeping by the boys . I 'm just so happy for the team . ”
The foursome will represent Canada at the Olympic Winter Games in PyeongChang , South Korea Feb. 9-25 .
It will be the second trip to the Olympics for Kennedy and Hebert , who won gold medals in 2010 with the Kevin Martin team . However , it 's the first Olympic appearance for Koe , 42 , who won world championships in 2016 and 2010 , and Laing , who has three world titles ( 2016 with Koe , 2012 and 2007 with Glenn Howard ) . Laing won the Olympic trials on their 39th birthday .
“ It 's hard to put into words . . . it 's unbelievable , ” Koe said . “ What a game . We beat a great team and I 'm glad we had last rock .
“ You plan for this event for four years and it 's so hard , especially in Canada where you have nine of the greatest teams in the world and we got it done . Given the circumstances , I could n't be happier . ”
It was truly a shame that one team had to lose this game . Both played splendidly and either team would have made fine Olympic representatives .
“ I gave it everything I had , ” said McEwen , who curled a remarkable 95 % . “ I had one of my best games of the week . There was n't anything more to do .
“ I played my heart out . We win and die as a team and we just did n't quite generate enough opportunities . They played really well . It was tough out there .
“ We stuck together , we grinded as hard as we could , we managed the game as best we could have given the shots that were there . We did n't beat ourselves in our headspace and I thought that was a win for us , 100 % . That 's what we wanted to do this week and we succeeded in doing that . ”
Koe had the hammer in the first end and they almost always wins when that 's the case . He 's now 22-2 this year when they have the hammer to start .
But McEwen forced them to one and then the teams traded singles in the second and third ends . The first deuce came in the fourth when McEwen made a double with their last rock and stuck it in the four-foot .
Koe got the deuce right back in the fifth and got a pivotal steal of one in the sixth on one of McEwen 's only misses of the game . Their come-around tap-back attempt for two was a touch heavy and their shooter rolled too far .
McEwen got back to even by scoring a deuce in the seventh , but Koe scored in the pivotal eighth end and held McEwen to one in the ninth to set up the dramatic 10th .
Hebert played two perfect tick shots to open the ninth , clearing guards off the centre line . That kept the line clear to the four-foot and Koe took full advantage , doing what all great skips do and hitting the four-foot with their last rock .
They were cool and calm , their sweepers helped the shot along beautifully and they were all worthy of the name : Olympians .
The whole team made the last shot . Koe let it go and the other three made sure it got into the four-foot .
How perfectly fitting .
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates ( AP ) — Supporters say a prominent Shiite cleric who lost their citizenship and remains under house arrest in Bahrain has returned to a local hospital for surgery .
Sheikh Isa Qassim left their home in Diraz on Wednesday .
Sheikh Maytham al-Salman of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights said Sheikh Isa will undergo a hernia surgery . Sheikh Isa was in the hospital in December as well .
The cleric could be deported at any time after authorities stripped their citizenship in June 2016 over accusations that they fueled extremism and laundered money . Their supporters deny the allegations .
Bahrain 's Sunni rulers are cracking down on all dissent on the Shiite-majority island , imprisoning or forcing politicians and activists into exile .
Bahrain is home to the U.S. Navy 's 5th Fleet .
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 49 27 19 3 57 131 137 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Minnesota 49 26 18 5 57 144 140 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Monday 's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday 's Games
Pittsburgh 5 , San Jose 2
Florida 4 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3 , Boston 1
Carolina 2 , Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3 , Buffalo 1
Minnesota at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Montreal at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Chicago at Nashville , 8 p.m .
Los Angeles at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Vegas at Calgary , 9 p.m .
Colorado at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto , 7:30 p.m .
San Jose at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Philadelphia at Washington , 8 p.m .
Thursday 's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Montreal at Carolina , 7 p.m .
St. Louis at Boston , 7 p.m .
Florida at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Anaheim at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Vegas at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Los Angeles at Nashville , 8:30 p.m .
Tampa Bay at Calgary , 9 p.m .
Dallas at Arizona , 9 p.m .
Colorado at Edmonton , 9 p.m .
Chicago at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Friday 's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Detroit at Carolina , 7 p.m .
San Jose at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Vegas at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
General News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : peacefmonline.com
2017-10-06
Former president , John Dramani Mahama
Ghana 's former President , John Dramani Mahama , who will be leading ECOWAS observer mission to monitor Liberia 's election says they are not there as magicians to make things right during elections .
“ For us as election observers , we are here to make the people of Liberia know that the whole world is watching you and you must get this right . Liberia is one of Africa oldest democracies and we expect that Liberia would live up to expectation in terms of this election . ”
“ We are hoping that everyone will participate so that things will go well . We will do our part , the election observers are not magicians . It will take the collaboration of the Liberian people to make this election successful but we are willing to work with you to show the world that Liberia has risen to the occasion of democracy , ” Mahama said upon arriving in Monrovia , Liberia .
Mr. Mahama had earlier been criticized for a similar role in Kenya election which the apex court in Kenya called for a re-election over rigging claims by the opposition parties .
Speaking to the media , Mahama gave assurance of their team 's readiness to ensure a free and fair election in Liberia which will be held on October 10 , 2017 .
“ We are ready to work to ensure that the people of Liberia have a successful , free and fair election . The principal responsibility for good election is on the people themselves , how they participate in the process , how smooth the process will be and the work done by the electoral commission ” they noted
In Liberia , the president is elected using the two-round system , whilst the 73 members of the House of Representatives are elected by first-past-the-post voting in single-member constituencies .
SPOKANE , Wash. — Another grinding defensive battle for No . 14 Gonzaga , just as the Bulldogs expected .
Rui Hachimura scored 15 points , Josh Perkins added 14 and Gonzaga edged BYU 68-60 on Saturday night for its fifth win in a row .
On Thursday , the high-scoring Zags escaped with a 69-59 win over San Diego .
“ We knew it was going to be like that , ” Gonzaga coach Mark Few said of the BYU game . “ It 's tough to generate baskets off that defence . ”
“ Nobody plays harder ” than BYU , Few said .
The Bulldogs won despite shooting only 37.5 per cent in the second half , when BYU came back from a halftime deficit to tie the game .
“ We can have some lulls , ” Few said , after their team finished nearly 20 points below its season average .
“ Guys were firing shots from all over the place , ” Few said . “ We just did n't make them . ”
BYU got within 62-60 in the final minutes . But the Zags forced two turnovers and scored the final six points to seal the win .
“ Any time you can beat them you beat a real good team , ” Few said .
Johnathan Williams had 13 points and 10 rebounds for Gonzaga ( 21-4 , 11-1 West Coast ) , which had lost to BYU at home each of the previous three seasons . Perkins added seven assists .
TJ Haws had 22 points for BYU ( 18-7 , 7-5 ) , which was coming off a head-scratching road loss at Loyola Marymount . Luke Worthington added 16 points and Yoeli Childs had 14 .
“ We played hard and if we keep playing like that , I have no doubt we will have a great February and be a very successful team in March , ” Worthington said .
BYU coach Dave Rose said their players were frustrated by the loss .
“ I thought we played well , ” Rose said . “ If we hit a couple more 3s , it may have been a different story. ” The Cougars were only 3 of 20 from 3-point range .
“ We 're a skilled group , but we got into situations where their physicality overwhelmed us , ” Rose said .
Although Gonzaga has lost only 15 times in the McCarthey Athletic Center since it opened in 2004 , three of those were to BYU in the past three years . Last year 's loss in the final game of the regular season was top-ranked Gonzaga 's first defeat .
Few said they are n't troubled by past results .
“ I just wanted to win , ” they said .
Haws ' 3-pointer brought BYU within 57-55 , and their next basket tied the score at 59 with 2:39 left .
Zach Norvell Jr. sank a 3-pointer and Williams hit a layup for a 64-60 Gonzaga lead with 1:36 left .
BYU turned the ball over on its next two possessions and the Zags extended their lead at the free throw line .
Gonzaga used an 8-0 run midway through the first half to build a 24-17 lead . Gonzaga extended the lead to 36-26 at halftime , after limiting BYU to 41 per cent shooting .
The Bulldogs went cold in the second half , and Haws hit a 3-pointer to bring the Cougars within 39-35 .
Two free throws by Elijah Bryant tied the score at 43 with 13 minutes left .
BRYANT STYMIED
BYU leading scorer Elijah Bryant was held to four points and shot just 1 of 11 from the floor . “ They always seem to have one or two guys that can take away your best scorers , ” Rose said .
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Zags have a chance to move up in the polls as three teams ranked above them lost on Saturday .
BIG PICTURE
BYU : Childs has scored in double figures in all but one game this season . The Cougars had lost two of their previous three games . They are seeking a 13th straight season with at least 20 wins .
Gonzaga : The Bulldogs have won at least 20 games for the 21st consecutive season . They have six players averaging in double figures and their 87.4 points per game are fifth in the nation .
UP NEXT
BYU hosts Santa Clara next Thursday .
Gonzaga plays at Pacific next Thursday and has a rematch against No . 13 Saint Mary 's next Saturday .
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
MIAMI ( AP ) — A judge has decided that Florida school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz should continue to be represented by a public defender at taxpayer expense .
Broward County Circuit Judge Elizabeth Scherer 's ruling Tuesday says Cruz has at most $ 28,000 in assets . Scherer says that 's not enough money to hire a private lawyer in a potential death penalty case of this magnitude .
The 19-year-old Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the Feb. 14 massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , Florida . They are being held without bail .
Cruz 's lawyers have said they will plead guilty if prosecutors waive the death penalty . The Broward County state attorney 's office has not been willing to do that .
Elle Macpherson splits from billionaire husband
Miami Herald
It 's over : Elle Macpherson and Jeff Soffer have split , reports Page Six . The Aussie supermodel and the billionaire real estate developer were married in 2013 in Fiji . “ She has left their house at Indian Creek in Miami with their kids , and is looking for …
Elle Macpherson Splits From Billionaire Husband Jeffrey Soffer CHANNELS TELEVISION
all 2 news articles »
The Brien McMahon baseball team defeated Trumbull High , 7-6 , on Monday .
Mike Claps had two hits , including a double , for McMahon .
Cory Morton had a three-run double in a five-run fourth that gave the Senators a 5-4 lead .
Tyler Zikias had two hits for Trumbull .
Tony Socci had a two-run double .
McMahon 000 520 0 7 6 1
Trumbull 022 011 0 6 6 3
M- James Stefanowicz ( W ) , Andre Matthews ( 5 ) and Chris Ehlers
T- Andrew Lojko ( L ) , Ryan Roberto ( 5 ) and Kevin Bruggeman
Gluten Free Italian Lady Kisses
Ingredients
1 ½ cups semisweet chocolate chips
1 teaspoon solid vegetable oil
2 large egg whites
1/8 teaspoon kosher or fine sea salt
1 cup sugar
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
2 ½ cups finely ground hazelnut or almonds or unbleached almond meal
Directions
Preheat oven to 325 degrees . Line baking sheets with parchment paper .
Place the chocolate chips in a microwave-safe bowl and microwave on high for 1 – 2 minutes or until melted , stirring every 30 seconds . Add the shortening and stir until melted . Let cool while the cookies bake and cool .
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment , beat the egg whites and salt on high speed until stiff peaks form . Add the sugar gradually and continue beating until the egg whites are very thick , 2 -3 more minutes . Beat in the vanilla . Stir in the nuts using a large spatula , making sure to fully combine . The batter will be very thick and sticky .
Using a small ice cream scoop or a tablespoon , drop mounds of the dough onto the prepared baking sheets , spacing about 2 inches apart .
Bake for15 – 17 minutes , rotating the pans halfway through , or until the cookies are set and slightly cracked . Let cool on the baking sheets for 5 minutes , then transfer the cookies on the parchment paper to a wire rack to finish cooling completely – at least 30 minutes .
Spoon some of the chocolate filling onto the flat side of one cookie , place another cookie flat side down on the chocolate , and gently press the cookies together . Repeat with the remaining cookies and filling .
Makes about 24 cookies , depending on the size .
PARRY SOUND ( Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 ) — This is your weather and road report for Wednesday , July 4 .
According to Environment Canada , Parry Sound can expect a sunny day today , with a high of 33 C. Humidex 38 C. UV index 9 or very high . Tonight , clear with a low of 21 C .
A heat warning for an extreme heat event this week continues for Parry Sound and area .
The Parry Sound fire danger rating remains high . This means no open burning including incinerators and outdoor fireplaces . Burning permits are suspended and campfires are for cooking and warmth only .
I 'm afraid so . Vitamin D deficiency has now reached epidemic levels with recent estimates indicating that more than 50 % of the global population is at risk . A high prevalence of vitamin D deficiency has been found across all age groups in all populations studied and even those who are otherwise healthy are not immune to deficiency .
So what are the common symptoms of deficiency ?
Fatigue
Muscle weakness
Muscle cramps
Joint pain
Weight gain
High blood pressure
Restless sleep
Poor concentration
Headaches
Bladder problems
Constipation or diarrhoea
So how did it all go so horribly wrong ?
Well , it 's not really new news , it 's just that more money is being spent on research and the findings are far from sunny . Vitamin D is produced by our skin when we are in strong sunlight and studies of traditional people living in East Africa gives us a clue to what was probably ‘ normal ' when we first appeared on the planet . These people all have dark skin which gives them built-in sun protection , spend most of the day outdoors but seek shade whenever possible . Their skin and sun habits are similar to our ancestors who lived in the same environment but as we moved north to colder climates we were n't exposed to the same levels of strong sunlight , our skin became paler and vitamin D levels dropped . However , for centuries we still spent a great deal of time working outdoors and even in many of the most northern parts of the globe we ate a lot of oily fish , the richest food source of vitamin D .
But as industrialisation flourished and technology developed , the pale amongst us increasingly worked indoors and after a long working day , spent what few hours were left settling in front of a warming fire ( and sadly fish did n't feature as often in our diets ) . And then came sunscreens . Skin cancer was on the rise and governments and health experts ensured that we all became critically aware of the dangers of unprotected sun exposure . Valid advice but like so many health scares , over-asserted . In a matter of only a few years we were suddenly lathering tub-loads of factor 20 , 30 or 50 on our pale skins and making our ‘ little darlings ' wear deeply unattractive , protective clothing on the beach whilst their southern counterparts were running around with little or no clothes on .
A number of studies indicate that muslim women who wear burka have amongst the highest levels of deficiency even when vitamin D-rich foods are included in their diet . And interestingly , a huge percentage of the research into vitamin D deficiency has been undertaken in Scandinavian countries where the hours of sunlight from November to March are woefully short and most of these countries promote regular consumption of vitamin D-enriched milk , fruit juice and cereals in an effort to make up for the shortfall . The message is clear – we need sunlight .
Vitamin D is actually a hormone rather than a vitamin and understanding this is important . Hormones are produced naturally within the body , vitamins must be obtained through our diet . The body can make most of the vitamin D it needs as long as we get sunshine into our lives – the action of sunlight on our skin produces a substance which is converted by the liver to yet another substance then further converted in the kidneys to the active and usable form of vitamin D. Daily consumption of D-rich foods or D-fortified foods increase levels . However the above statistics indicate that this is not happening and the health risks associated with D-deficiency are wide ranging ; brittle bones , mental decline , cardiovascular problems , autoimmune conditions , some cancers…the list is increasing daily .
So What About vitamin D and Fat Loss ?
Vitamin D deficiency has been shown to disrupt the delicate balance of insulin production by the pancreas and increase the possibility of insulin resistance which over time leads not only to weight gain but also an increased risk of type 2 diabetes . Research indicates that women who are D-deficient carry between 40 percent and 80 percent more abdominal fat than their D-rich counterparts and this is largely because fat cells are not just storage depots ; they are metabolically active and vitamin D , which is stored in fat cells has an important role to play in regulating how much fat we store and how much we burn . Leptin , the hormone that controls appetite is produced by the fat cells and tells the brain when energy stores are replenished and we have had enough to eat but it appears that vitamin D deficiency can interfere with this appetite-suppressing hormone causing us to eat more .
Because vitamin D is stored in fat cells , one would imagine that the bigger our fat cells , the more vitamin D we are able to store , allowing its release into the bloodstream for bone building and cellular health but quite the opposite has been noted . The fatter we are , the higher our risk of deficiency because vitamin D gets locked inside fat cells and unavailable for use . In one study , a group of obese adults ( BMI above 30 ) and a group of lean adults ( BMI of 19-24 ) were exposed to the same amount of UVA/UVB rays and blood levels of vitamin D in the lean adults rose by almost double those in their obese counterparts indicating that when we are overweight we need a lot more .
So What Can You Do ?
We know that vitamin D is primarily synthesised in the skin after exposure to sunshine and it was previously thought that as little as 5-10 minutes of sun exposure on arms , legs and face three times a week without sunscreen between 11am and 2pm during the spring , summer , and autumn should provide a light-skinned individual with adequate vitamin D and allow for some storage of any excess for use during the colder , darker months with minimal risk of skin damage – those with dark skin may require twice or three times the exposure . However , a recent study was set up to assess how much vitamin D is needed to ensure optimal rather than just adequate levels in the average person and found that a minimum of 4,000IU of vitamin D is required daily to maintain optimal blood levels . 3,500 men and women had their vitamin D levels measured and completed online surveys to monitor vitamin D status and health outcomes over five years . The researchers found that daily intakes of between 4000IU and 8000IU are needed to maintain blood levels of vitamin D needed to effectively reduce the risk of disease and importantly they also found that this dose was very safe .
From a health and fat loss point of view , daily exposure of your skin to sunlight and a diet packed with foods rich in vitamin D ( oily fish ; particularly tinned salmon , eggs and fortified foods ) are crucial . You may also wish to have your D levels checked . A simple blood test available at your doctor 's surgery measures the level of 25 hydroxy-vitamin D , the chemical formed in the liver during the process that converts sunlight into vitamin D and if the sunshine and the D-rich foods do n't see you reaching the mark , supplementation may be required ( always supplement with the D3 , cholecalciferol form ) .
Image reproduced from updates.nutrigold.co.uk
© 2017 – 2016 , City Connect News . Copyright Notice & Disclaimer are below .
Related articles :
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said Friday that K.T . McFarland has withdrawn from consideration to be ambassador to Singapore .
Trump expressed their “ disappointment ” and said McFarland served the administration “ with distinction. ” They said Democrats “ chose to play politics rather than move forward with a qualified nominee for a critically important post . ”
McFarland is a former deputy national security adviser in the Trump administration and former Fox News analyst . They were first nominated in May , but their nomination was in doubt amid questions about their communications with ex-national security adviser Michael Flynn .
Flynn was fired by Trump in February for misleading senior administration officials about their contacts with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S . They pleaded guilty to one count of making false statements to FBI agents and is now co-operating with Mueller 's investigation .
McFarland 's nomination was not taken up by the Republican-led Senate by the end of last year , leading to a re-nomination in January .
According to two former transition officials , McFarland was referenced in court papers as an unnamed Trump transition team member who spoke with Flynn in 2016 about what , if anything , to say about sanctions that had just been imposed on Russia by the Obama administration in response to election meddling .
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were n't authorized to publicly discuss the matter .
McFarland did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment .
——
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report .
BN TV : DJ Neptune talks on their Challenges and Success Story on EbonyLife TV 's “ EL Now ”
In the new episode of EbonyLife TV ‘ s EL NOW , the talented DJ Neptune discusses the trials and challenges that they have encountered on their journey to becoming a highly requested DJ as well as their wins and success story . They also offer advice to up and coming Disc Jockeys .
Watch :
﻿
The post BN TV : DJ Neptune talks on their Challenges and Success Story on EbonyLife TV 's “ EL Now ” appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7 . Read Today .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FLAGSTAFF , Ariz. ( AP ) — President Donald Trump 's decision to drastically reduce and break up a national monument in Utah was n't the only blow Native American tribes say they were dealt last week .
The proclamation Trump signed changes the makeup of a tribal advisory commission for Bears Ears National Monument . It adds a San Juan County , Utah , commissioner who supported peeling back protections for the land .
The new commissioner , now Rebecca Benally , joins representatives of five tribes , serving as a planted ally of the reduction .
Federal legislation also would create tribal co-management councils . The proposal by Utah Republican Rep. John Curtis excludes tribes outside Utah and lets the president hand-select most members .
The Utah congressional delegation sees the changes as unifying forces .
Tribes say they 're yet more examples of being told what 's good for them .
A lot of the time , experimental singer-songwriter Kirin J Callinan is just that—experimental . Appreciating the fragile humanity within their 2013 album Embracism usually required scraping off a layer of fragmented , electronically-enhanced industrial distortion first .
I do n't know where Callinan 's been keeping themselves since Embracism , but they returned earlier this month with two new songs , “ Bravado ” and “ S.A.D. ” “ Bravado ” in particular sounds unlike the Callinan I 'm used to—it 's still melodramatic and impassioned , but it 's also floaty , approachable . “ It was all bravado , ” Callinan sings , reaching for something operatic as they sweep away past entanglements in one grand gesture . They sound a little like Majical Cloudz ' Devon Welsh , or even Morrissey .
But just when you start expecting the next Kirin J. Callinan record to sound like the Blue Nile , you get to “ S.A.D. , ” which stands for “ Song About Drugs ” and is full of the dynamic weirdness and choppy vocal samples you came for :
S.A.D . by Kirin J Callinan
“ Bravado ” is the first single from a sort-of announced new album , which features guest appearances from Mac DeMarco , Weyes Blood , and Alex Cameron . ( As lead-up , Callinan recently released a mini mockumentary featuring some of those same musicians . ) It does n't have a release date yet , but “ Bravado ” ought to be enough to hold us over until whenever .
VAUGHAN , Ont . — Swiss Chalet Rotisserie & Grill will accept voice orders through the Google Assistant App .
The restaurant chain owned by Cara Operations Ltd. says the voice order feature allows customers to place an order for pickup or delivery through the app .
Users need to open the app and say “ Ok Google , order from Swiss Chalet , ” which will prompt them to select from menu options or reorder their last meal .
Swiss Chalet 's announcement comes as the company has been making a concerted effort to integrate technology into its operations .
The company partnered with Google 's navigation app Waze to allow commuters to order ahead through the app before hitting the road .
It has also partnered with The Weather Network to use weather pattern data to serve up specific targeted ads to potential customers .
Senate will make sure Nigeria comes out of recession in 2017 – Senator Bassey
The senator representing Southern Senatorial district of Cross River State , Gershom Bassey has assured that the Senate and the Presidency would make sure Nigeria comes out of the current economic recession this year . According to Bassey , the Senate and the Presidency had settled its scores and were now ready to work together for the interest [ … ] Got something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Senate will make sure Nigeria comes out of recession in 2017 – Senator Bassey
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Darren Baker got scooped up by dad 's team again .
The son of Washington manager Dusty Baker was drafted by the Nationals in the 27th round of the Major League Baseball draft Wednesday — 15 years after they first made headlines on the baseball diamond .
The younger Baker , now an 18-year-old shortstop at Jesuit High School in California , was just 3 when they were a bat boy for the San Francisco Giants , managed by their father , in the 2002 World Series . During Game 5 against the Angels , Darren Baker had run to the plate to pick up a bat when J.T . Snow scored — and David Bell was flying down the third-base line and heading home .
Snow quickly plucked Baker out of the way , a moment that instantly became a part of World Series lore .
The three-day draft concludes Wednesday night .
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
NUT Threatens Indefinite Strike Over Unpaid Salary * Issues 30-day Ultimatum
Adebayo Waheed ,
The Nigeria Union of Teachers ( NUT ) yesterday issued a 30-day ultimatum to states owing teachers several months of salary to pay or face aggressively-driven indefinite strike .
The National President of the union , Comrade Michael Alogba Olukoya , who gave the ultimatum during the National Executive Council ( NEC ) meeting held at the Teachers House , Oluyole , Ibadan , gave the names of the states owing teachers salary as : Benue ( 10 months ) , Ekiti ( 6 months ) , Cross River ( 6 months owed 1,000 teachers ) , Kogi ( 15 months with half salary being paid since 2013 ) , Ondo ( 5 months ) , Taraba ( 4 months ) , Niger ( 3 months ) , Delta ( 3 months ) , and Oyo ( three months owed primary and secondary school teachers )
Other States include Abia ( five months ) , Osun ( paying teachers half salary for 23 months ) , Nasarawa ( paying half salary for 18 months to primary school
teachers ) , Plateau ( half salary since 2010 ) , Adamawa ( 4 months ) , Bayelsa ( 8 and a half months ) , Imo ( paying 70 % monthly salary to primary and secondary school teachers ) , Kwara ( paying by percentage and owing 4 months ) , Borno ( minimum wage yet to be implemented ) , and Zamfara ( yet to implement national minimum wage ) .
Olukoya who lamented that many state governors had failed to be transparent in their agreements with workers ' unions , said , “ We hereby give a 30-day ultimatum to all the above-mentioned states to pay all the outstanding salaries being owed the teachers . “ They will soon collect another Paris Club money and so we hope they will pay all the backlog of salary arrears .
“ If any State fails to pay up within this stipulated time , we shall converge again and give a notice of action . There is going to be total disconnect between us and such governments ” , Olukoya threatened .
They equally kicked against the call for autonomy of local government councils , saying that the ghost of the effects of primary schools left in the hands of the local governments in the past had continued to haunt the teachers , leading to its near-collapse in terms of personnel , funding and infrastructural development .
Olukoya stressed that the 1999 constitution saddles the state governments with the responsibility of funding and managing primary schools , noting that , “ local government councils only have the role of participation .
“ It is therefore important to emphasise the need for States to be financially empowered to shoulder this responsibility effectively , and we propose that allocation from the Federation Account be reviewed upwards in favour of the states to enable them discharge this constitutional responsibility effectively ” .
They also called for extension of years of service for teachers in the secondary and primary schools from 60 to 65 years ” just as it has been raised for teachers of Polytechnics and the Universities .
According to him , this is to remove the ensuing segregation as all belong to the same teaching industry of Nigeria .
While supporting the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria ( TRCN ) 's stance to ensure all teachers are formally registered to weed out quacks , the NUT boss said that “ After this Friday , 16th of June , when registration closes , we are going to constitute a task force to picket all private and public schools including those of the Police , Army Command , Unity Schools , in order to save primary schools from imminent collapse . ”
The post NUT Threatens Indefinite Strike Over Unpaid Salary * Issues 30-day Ultimatum appeared first on leadership.ng .
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PHILADELPHIA — The Latest on the court order that rapper Meek Mill be released from jail on bail ( all times local ) :
6:55 p.m .
Rapper Meek Mill is out of jail after being held behind bars for five months for probation violations .
Mill took off in a helicopter shortly before 7 p.m. Tuesday from the prison outside of Philadelphia .
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Tuesday directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order freeing them on bail while they appeal decade-old drug and gun violations .
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation .
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed on bail .
Philadelphia 's district attorney believes Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer .
——
4:30 p.m .
Pennsylvania 's highest court has ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions .
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order releasing them on unsecured bail .
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation .
Mill issued a statement saying their five months in jail have been “ a nightmare ” and thanking all their supporters .
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed on bail .
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer .
Igbo , Arewa Threats : Senate Direct FG To Uphold , Hand Jonathan 's Confab Report To NASS
BY SOLOMON AYADO and AHURAKA ISAH , Abuja
….Senators To begin constituencies ' sensitization campaigns on Peace
The Senate Wednesday directed the Federal Government to urgently adopt and sent to the National Assembly the report of the 2014 National Conference organized by the former President Goodluck Jonathan administration .
The directive of the Senate is coming as a necessary measure to evolve solutions to tackle the rising and escalating ethnic agitations in some parts of the country which is threatening the peace and unity of the nation .
The lawmakers said the greatest challenge facing Nigeria is the threat to national unity , as centrifugal forces , irredentists movement , call for self-determination , ethnicity and religious intolerance have enveloped to national consciousness .
By this , the Senate resolved that Distinguished Senators should quickly intensify their representative role and embark on sensitization campaign in their various constituencies to highlight the importance of harmonious and peaceful coexistence among Nigerians .
LEADERSHIP recalls that Jonathan had set up a confab committee to discuss issues that concerns Nigeria with the purpose of finding lasting solutions to them and to maintain the country 's indivisibility . The report was forwarded on Wednesday , May 27 , 2014 for consideration and necessary legislative actions by the Senate , but it was stepped down .
Yesterday , the Senate Leader , Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan ( Yobe North ) moved a motion on the urgent need to proffer lasting solutions to ensure unity and harmony in the country and was well supported by all the lawmakers .
Tagged ” The Need for National Unity and Peaceful Coexistence in Nigeria ” the motion seek to convey commitment of all Nigerians to live together in unity and harmony as one indivisible and indissoluble sovereign nation .
Leading the debate , Lawan noted that “ since Independence , national integration has been the priority of government in Nigeria which saw the establishment of the National Youth Service Corps ( NYSC ) , the Unity School System , the Federal Character Principles and many other affirmative policies intended to achieve national integration and peaceful coexistence . ”
Lawan stated that some citizens rather than work for integration into a cohesive nation with a common sense of national identity , are busy preaching and primordial affiliation , and clamouring for ethically based and regionally supported threat to one united Nigeria in various parts of the country .
“ The amalgamation of the Southern and Northern Protectorates in 1914 was not a mistake , but a design by the Almighty God as a nation of brothers and sisters united in common destiny , ” they stated .
Senator Barnabas Gemade ( Benue North East ) said to properly address the challenges facing national unity , there must be upholding of fairness , justice and the rule of law even to eschew unequal treatment of ethnic nationalities .
Senator Adamu Aliero ( Kebbi Central ) said the motion was necessary to impacting the needed unity in the country , explaining that recommendations of the National confab of 2014 had suggestively discussed most of the national challenges enhancing disunity of Nigeria and urged it should be adopted .
Senator Shehu Sani ( Kaduna Central ) said peace is a major hold of a nation and that politicians must unambiguously refrain from sitting on the fence but to seriously evolve a frame work on reconstruction of the country .
“ Politicians from the all the geopolitical zones must have the courage and must unequivocally , unreservedly and unambiguously , not be sitting on the fence or playing the ostrich in crisis like this and only when this is not done would a peaceful solution be found . We must look at the possible ways of reconstructing our country and a framework must be established , ” Sani stated .
The minority leader , Godswil Akpabio ( Akwa Ibom North West ) noted that ethic agitations often spark due to anger and feelings of marginalization hence it is not properly addressed at the Federal Character . They said nationalities must shun the negative attitude of pressing down other ethnic groups whenever they take over leadership of the nation .
Senator Jonah Jang in their contribution said the major problem of Nigeria is leadership and that the recent agitations from the youths arose simply because the youngsters are not sure of their future and called for tackling of education and unemployment challenges .
After the deliberations , Deputy Senate President , Ike Ekweremadu applauded the effort of the lawmakers for charting a way forward for peace and unity to thrive , said it is a development that would further impact confidence of the LED in the leadership of the nation .
The post Igbo , Arewa Threats : Senate Direct FG To Uphold , Hand Jonathan 's Confab Report To NASS appeared first on leadership.ng .
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville , Va. , Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed their daughter 's life — and , with voice occasionally quavering , called on people to answer hate with forgiveness .
`` My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and they tried to stand up for that , '' the Sharpes , Fla. , resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview . `` With her , it was n't lip service . It was real . ''
Just two days earlier , a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally , killing Heyer 's daughter Heather , 32 , and wounding 19 other people . Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack , saying `` such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred . ''
The man allegedly behind the wheel , James Alex Fields Jr. , had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas , according to a former teacher . Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run .
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that 's `` twisted into something negative '' in its own right , Mark Heyer told the local newspaper .
`` People need to stop hating , and they need to forgive each other . And I include myself in that , in forgiving the guy that did this , '' they said . `` He does n't know any better . You know , I just think of what the Lord said on the cross . Lord forgive him , they do n't know what they 're doing . ''
In this respect , they said they aspire to follow their daughter 's example .
`` You know , my daughter 's life — she 's ... '' they paused , searching for words . `` I 'm proud of them for standing up . They had more courage than I did . They had more courage than I did . They had a stubborn backbone . They thought they were right . They would stand there and defy you .
`` But if I understand her , '' they added , `` she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with their conviction . ''
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend , Heather 's mother , Susan Bro , also praised the way their daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a `` very strong sense of right and wrong . ''
`` It was important to them to speak up for people that they felt were not being heard , to speak up when injustices were happening , '' Bro said , `` and they saw in the lives of many of their African-American friends particularly and their gay friends that equal rights were not being given . ''
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed , along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S . In Seattle and New York City , Atlanta and in Grand Rapids , Mich. , demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and , in the words of one protester , `` resist it fearlessly . ''
`` I hope that their life and what has transpired changes people 's hearts , '' Mark Heyer said . `` You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff , but when you take your last breath , it 's over . It 's done !
`` You 're going to take away what a person has and everything else they 're going to have . There is no more — not here , you know , '' they added . `` And that 's — that 's pretty much all I got , brother . ''
“ Mr . President , the American people will hear my story very soon , ” Mr. Comey tweeted back , apparently referring to their forthcoming book . “ And they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not . ”
A former C.I.A . director was far harsher in their response to a Trump tweet : “ When the full extent of your venality , moral turpitude , and political corruption becomes known , you will take your rightful place as a disgraced demagogue in the dustbin of history . ”
_____
• Facebook 's stock is plunging , wiping out tens of billions of dollars from its value and dragging the U.S. market down .
The social network has continued to defend its protection of user information in the face of demands from U.S. and British lawmakers for an explanation of how a political data firm , Cambridge Analytica , was able to harvest information from more than 50 million Facebook profiles .
The firm 's so-called psychographic modeling underpinned its work for the Trump campaign in 2016 , as well as a related company 's work for Brexit .
_____
Photo
• Australia 's first time as host of an Asean summit meeting may well be remembered most for its controversies .
Mass protests and effigy-burnings in Melbourne and Sydney were the public 's response to a threat against such actions made by Cambodia 's long-ruling prime minister , Hun Sen . Above , Hong Lim , a Cambodian-born Australian lawmaker who organized Melbourne 's blaze .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Aung San Suu Kyi , the Myanmar civilian leader under international pressure for their country 's deadly military campaign against Rohingya Muslims , canceled a keynote speech they were scheduled to deliver today in Sydney , saying they were “ not feeling well . ”
_____
Photo
• Daphne 's found .
A giant inflatable yellow duck that was blown out to sea during their Perth swimming club 's annual ocean swimming competition is lost no more .
A fisherman located the now world-famous duck some 35 kilometers , or 20 some-odd miles , west of Rottnest Island — and posted a ransom .
The swim club 's president plans to meet with the fisherman on Wednesday , and hopes for an amicable resolution that will send Daphne bobbing home .
Business
Photo
• “ Where else in the world has a foreign company created new land in another country , populated it with people from its home country and asserted sovereignty over it ? ” A $ 100 billion Chinese-built “ insta-city ” in Malaysia is drawing charges of neo-colonialism .
• A self-driving Uber car struck a woman crossing the street outside a crosswalk in Arizona , causing the first known pedestrian fatality from a driverless vehicle .
• A European plan to revamp taxation of digital companies could hit Silicon Valley giants hard .
• Other headlines to watch for this week : U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum go into effect Friday , the U.S. Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates and Dropbox could go public , offering a gauge of investor trust in so-called unicorns .
• U.S. stocks were down sharply . Here 's a snapshot of global markets .
Market Snapshot View Full Overview
In the News
Photo
• Cardinal George Pell , 76 , the Vatican 's third-highest-ranking official , was accused of sexual offenses decades ago at a movie theater and a swimming pool in a Melbourne hearing that will determine whether their case goes to trial . [ Reuters ]
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• British and E.U . negotiators agreed on the terms of a 21-month Brexit transition — but it depends on a broader agreement that is far from certain . [ The New York Times ]
• Four bombings this month in Austin , Tex. , including one on Sunday night , have killed two people and injured four , and put the state capital on high alert . [ The New York Times ]
• “ I had no idea. ” Prime Minister Shinzo Abe apologized for documents falsified by their Finance Ministry but denied playing any part in the forgeries or in the discounted sale of state-owned land . [ The Asahi Shimbun ]
• A photo of 38 scientists from a whale biology conference in 1971 identified all but the lone woman . Internet sleuths tracked them down . [ The New York Times ]
Smarter Living
Tips , both new and old , for a more fulfilling life .
• How to stop eating sugar ( without sacrificing too much pleasure ) .
• Fun fact : The shape of your ear affects the way you hear .
• Recipe of the day : Homemade fried chicken on a weeknight ? Yes .
Noteworthy
Photo
• A broad study shows the punishing reach of racism in the U.S. White boys who grow up rich are likely to remain so , but not black boys . ( No such gap shows up between white and black girls . )
• The fashion industry , long accused not only of racism but of particular bias against the darkest skin , is suddenly embracing more diversity . We spoke to some of the models who are changing the catwalk .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• Russian money has deep roots in British life , including in soccer 's Premier League , one of Britain 's key cultural exports . That could complicate efforts by the British government to target the London assets of Russian oligarchs , part of Britain 's retaliation for the nerve-agent attack it blames on Russia .
Backstory
Photo
Today , we end with a note from the outgoing writer of our European edition , Patrick Boehler :
Since these briefings ' inception over a year ago , this has been the question I have been asked the most :
“ How do you know what Europeans want to read ? ”
That 's a fair question for a journalist , albeit a European one , who has spent most of their adult life in Asia , and still is there .
It is also a legitimate question for a U.S. newspaper at a time in which American news cycles are focused on the twists and turns of a tumultuous presidency .
So , here 's what we do :
Every day , we spend hours poring over correspondents ' dispatches and news reports from across Europe , from Northern Ireland to Turkey .
In conversations with editors , we seek to distill wider trends from the day-to-day politics and give you what you need to know to start your day .
Of course , the result has often been a compromise . Is it flawed ? Always .
But that 's the rule for all early drafts of history .
My last briefing is tomorrow 's , but I 'd like to invite you to keep reading , keep debating and keep challenging assumptions . Thank you for your time ! Now enjoy your morning coffee .
_____
Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online . Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian , Asian , European or American morning . You can also receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights .
And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Browse our full range of Times newsletters here .
What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing @ nytimes.com .
Getty Image
When the bombshell announcement dropped last month that Kyrie Irving had requested a trade from the Cavs , it was followed up soon after by a list of prospective teams he 'd reportedly like to play for . That list included the Spurs , the Heat , the Timberwolves , and the Knicks .
But seeing as how they do n't have a no-trade clause , virtually every team in the league has come calling in hopes that they can finagle a deal to land the Cavs ' superstar guard . If Irving truly wants to jump from one contender to another , their best bet is absolutely the Spurs , although there are plenty who think their isolation-heavy style of play is a poor fit in San Antonio 's share-the-wealth system .
Just do n't count David Robinson among those skeptics , as they told SiriusXM NBA radio recently :
Evans breaks down in custody
Suspected kidnap kingpin Chukwudemeje George Onwuamadike alias Evans is not finding it funny in police custody . They are weeping that they are being held among “ common poor criminals ” , The Nation learnt yesterday .
The kingpin , who was arrested on Saturday at their 3 , Fred Shoboyede Street , Magodo , Lagos home , is being kept in a maximum security cell .
It was gathered that Evans broke down yesterday , lamenting the state of the police cell .
A source said they lamented that after making billions , owning gold , diamond and living like a king , they finally ended up in a cell with poor suspects .
It was gathered that they told their interrogators they have two other detention camps in Lagos .
They were also said to have confessed that they started off as an armed robber in Sokoto State .
The source said : “ He has been weeping uncontrollably because they are in a cell with common poor criminals despite all the wealth and mansions they owned .
“ He has started talking . They have given us locations of other detention camps they had in Lagos . Aside Igando , they had two others and detectives would visit the place . They also said that their very first robbery was in Sokoto State and that they killed the victim .
“ He is still being interrogated and more details would come out after the camps have been visited . ”
Meanwhile , The Nation learnt yesterday that Evans has been excommunicated from Nnewi for over five years because of the terror they unleashed on wealthy indigenes of the town .
It was also learnt that their second in command , Felix Chinemerem , a native of Amanagu in Abia State , was also declared wanted in 2014 , after their criminal activities led to the killing of many innocent people .
It was learnt that Chinemerem took part in the kidnap of a prominent Nigerian , which prompted police officers to storm the community and allegedly shot randomly , killing villagers .
After the incident , the villagers were said to have moved to kill them but they fled and had not been seen since then .
The post Evans breaks down in custody appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bollywood actor Kriti Sanon , walked for Tarun Tahiliani at lakme Fashion week ( LFW ) summer/resort 2018 . Tahlini brought the romance and fantasy of florals and the cosmic stars along with the enthereal flavours of their signature , layered and weightless fashion for their `` Tarakini '' Spring Summer/ 2018 collection . i do have a crush on their after 'Bareilly ki Barfi ' . they were in their worst of clothes in that film but their personality made it glamorous and this is what i want all girls to fallow .
Bollywood actor Kriti Sanon , dressed in a nude tulle lehenga-choli lent a dreamy end to ace designer Tarun Tahiliani 's show at Lakme Fashion Week ( LFW ) Summer/Resort 2018″I do have a crush on them after ‘ Bareilly Ki Barfi ' . They were in the worst of clothes in that film but their personality made it glamorous and this is what I want girls to follow . “ You have to dress , you have to wear clothes and you have to make it . I think somewhere we lost that idea ( with heavy outfits ) , ” said Tahiliani during post-show conference giving example of how Kriti nailed their character in the film “ Bareilly Ki Barfi ” .
Tahiliani brought the romance and fantasy of florals and the cosmic stars along with an ethereal flavour of their signature , layered and weightless fashion for their “ Tarakini ” Spring/Summer 2018 collection.Black raised ramp with glass enclosures , moving light beams and surreal music transported the audience into outer space and created a starry ambience at the 6Degree Studio. ” For some time now , I have been thinking about fashion 's role , especially in evening and bridal wear , and how it has failed the modern Indian bride because the clothes are so heavy , stiff , uncomfortable and never to be looked at or repeated again .
“ Since our “ Tarakanna ” collection – meaning stardust , we set out to create clothes that let women be comfortable and really have fun while still being as glamorous as they felt inside , ” said the designer.The core inspiration appeared to be the celestial universe and its constellations of stars that twinkled in a wide array of colours and glittered on the garments to enchant the audience.Chantilly lace , Chanderi , cotton , georgette , crape and Italian tulle were enhanced with bead and Resham work , as well as the sparkle of crystals and sequins .
PORTLAND , Ore. — James Harden scored 48 points and the Houston Rockets won their ninth straight , overcoming a 14-point , fourth-quarter deficit to beat the Portland Trail Blazers 124-117 on Saturday night .
Harden was 16 of 29 from the field and had eight rebounds to help the Rockets ( 20-4 ) win for the 12th time in 13 road games this season . Chris Paul added 24 points , and Trevor Ariza had 13 .
Damian Lillard tied a franchise record with nine 3-pointers and had 35 points for Portland ( 13-12 ) . C.J . McCollum had 28 points , and Al-Farouq Aminu added 15 , all on 3-pointers .
Portland put Houston in a hole early in the third quarter , scoring 11 consecutive points to take a 78-72 lead . The lead grew was at 14 late in the third quarter when Lillard limped to the bench , favouring their right foot . With Lillard 's foot on ice , Houston launched a rally , pulling to 103-98 when Lillard returned with seven minutes remaining . But the Rockets had momentum , and took a 110-109 lead on Ariza 's 3-pointer .
The Rockets never trailed again , outscoring Portland 14-6 during the final three minutes .
CAVALIERS 105 , 76ERS 98
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — LeBron James had their 58th career triple-double and Cleveland rallied in the fourth quarter to beat Philadelphia .
James had 30 points , 13 rebounds and 13 assists to help the Cavaliers bounce back from a loss in Indiana on Friday night that ended their 13-game winning streak .
Sixers forward Robert Covington fell into Cleveland 's bench trying to save a loose ball with just over a minute to play . They were down for a couple of minutes before being helped to their feet .
Rookie Ben Simmons ' breakaway dunk gave Philadelphia a 96-91 lead , but the Cavaliers ended the game on a 14-2 run . James converted a three-point play and Kyle Korver hit a 3-pointer , giving Cleveland the lead . Dwyane Wade added two baskets and Jae Crowder 's 3-pointer put the Cavaliers ahead 104-98 .
James had nine points , seven rebounds and six assists in the fourth quarter in their third triple-double of the season .
Covington and J.J. Redick scored 19 points each for Philadelphia .
Both starting centres missed the game . Joel Embiid sat out for Philadelphia because they have n't been cleared to play on back-to-back nights and Kevin Love did n't play because of a sore left hip .
THUNDER 102 , GRIZZLIES 101 , OT
MEMPHIS , Tenn. ( AP ) — Russell Westbrook overcame a poor shooting night , recording a triple-double , including two clinching free throws with 5.2 seconds left in overtime to lead Oklahoma City past Memphis .
Westbrook , who was 7 of 29 from the field and missed 11 of their 12 3-point attempts , added 14 assists and 11 rebounds . Carmelo Anthony and Steven Adams led the Thunder with 21 points and nine rebounds each , while Alex Abrines , starting for the injured Paul George , had a career-high 20 points , converting five 3-pointers , also a career-best .
Tyreke Evans led Memphis with 29 points and 13 rebounds , and Marc Gasol finished with 22 points . Ben McLemore contributed 17 points as the Grizzlies lost their third straight and 14th in 15 . Memphis led by as many as 20 in the first half .
HEAT 101 , NETS 89
MEXICO CITY ( AP ) — Goran Dragic and Tyler Johnson each scored 20 points and Miami beat Brooklyn in the Heat 's first game in Mexico in franchise history .
Playing in front of 19,777 fans at raucous Arena Ciudad de Mexico , Dragic was 9 of 19 from the field and had seven rebounds for Miami . The Heat snapped a two-game losing streak to improve to 12-13 .
James Johnson added 17 points , Justice Winslow had 15 and Kelly Olynyk 11 for Miami . The Heat rallied from two seven-point deficits .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson led the Nets with 18 points . Coming off a 100-95 victory over Oklahoma City on Thursday night in the Mexico City opener , the Nets dropped to 10-15 .
LAKERS 110 , HORNETS 99
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) — Jordan Clarkson scored 14 of their 22 points in the fourth quarter and Los Angeles BEAT fatigued and short-handed Charlotte .
Brandon Ingram added 18 points , Kentavious Caldwell-Pope 15 and Lonzo Ball had five points and nine assists for the Lakers . They have won two straight after losing five in a row .
Kemba Walker scored 23 points and Dwight Howard had 21 points and 12 rebounds for Charlotte . The Hornets have lost seven of eight .
SPURS 104 , SUNS 101
PHOENIX ( AP ) — Bryn Forbes sank a 3-pointer with 21.5 seconds to play and severely depleted San Antonio held off a fourth-quarter Phoenix rally .
The Spurs left Pau Gasol and Manu Ginobili home to rest after a victory over against Boston on Friday night and had Danny Green ( left groin tightness ) and Kyle Anderson ( left MCL sprain ) out with injuries .
Still , they led by as many as 19 points in the third quarter before the Suns came back to take their first lead of the night , 100-99 , on Marquese Chriss ' breakaway dunk with 1:32 to go .
Patty Mills and LaMarcus Aldridge scored 20 apiece for San Antonio in its fourth straight win and eighth in nine games . Mike James scored 25 points , and T.J. Warren had 24 for the Suns , who fell to 0-2 since losing Devin Booker to a left adductor strain that is expected to sideline them two to three weeks .
CLIPPERS 113 , WIZARDS 112
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Lou Williams hit a go-ahead 3-pointer with 1.2 seconds remaining , lifting Los Angeles past Washington .
With Bradley Beal guarding him , Williams unleashed the winner from the top of the key , capping a wild final 12 seconds in which both teams traded leads on clutch plays .
After Williams ' basket , there was a video review of Beal 's potential winning baseline jumper . The referees decided to replay the last 1.1 seconds . Marcin Gortat 's jumper bounced off the rim at the buzzer .
Williams scored 35 points to lead a dominant bench effort for the Clippers . They snapped a four-game skid , with their reserves outscoring Washington 's 59-47 .
Beal scored 20 of their 25 points in the second half . Otto Porter Jr. had 27 points and 11 rebounds .
BULLS 104 , KNICKS 102
CHICAGO ( AP ) — Kris Dunn made two free throws with 2.9 seconds left to lift Chicago past New York ..
Dunn was fouled by Courtney Lee while driving to the basket .
Following a timeout , the Knicks — who scored 10 straight points to tie it at 102 — had a chance to tie or take the lead , but Kristaps Porzingis missed a 3-pointer at the buzzer .
Nikola Mirotic , in just their second game of the season , had 19 points to help Chicago win its second straight . Dunn finished with 17 points , nine assists and seven rebounds .
Porzingis had 23 points for New York . The Knicks are 1-8 on the road .
BUCKS 117 , JAZZ 100
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) — Giannis Antetokounmpo had 37 points , 13 rebounds and seven assists and Milwaukee beat Utah for its third consecutive victory .
Antetokounmpo scored 24 points in the second half . Khris Middleton and Eric Bledsoe each added 20 points . Rudy Gobert and Alec Burks each had 20 points for Utah .
HAWKS 117 , MAGIC 110
ATLANTA ( AP ) — Ersan Ilyasova scored 26 points on 9-for-9 shooting and Atlanta overcame Nikola Vucevic 's triple-double to beat Orlando .
Vucevic had 31 points , 13 rebounds and 10 assists , and Jonathan Simmons added a career-high 29 points for the Magic . They beat the Hawks 110-106 in overtime Wednesday night in Orlando .
Kent Bazemore scored six late points for Atlanta , with two baskets coming on dunks following steals . The Hawks tied a season high with 17 3-pointers on 33 tries . Ilyasova hit all five of their attempts .
——
For more NBA coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Fido 's Meaty Diet Is Destroying the Planet
Turns out that chow you 're feeding Fido and Felix produces a pretty big carbon pawprint . In a study released Wednesday , a geography professor at UCLA calculated that the meat-based food Americans ' dogs and cats eat -- and the waste those pets produce -- generate the equivalent of about 64 million tons of carbon dioxide a year .
That 's as much as about 13.6 million cars driving for a year , says professor Gregory Okin in a paper published in the journal PLOS One .
Put another way : Dogs and cats are responsible for 25 to 30 percent of the environmental impact of meat consumption in the United States .
Livestock emit methane , which is the source of about 10 percent of all greenhouse gases . Previous studies have found that Americans ' meat-heavy diet results in the release of 260 million tons of carbon dioxide -- the leading greenhouse gas -- through livestock production . Okin used similar estimates to calculate how much meat the nation 's 163 million cats and dogs eat and its carbon equivalent .
Okin said they are n't suggesting Americans put their pets on a vegetarian diet , `` which would be unhealthy . '' However , Okin -- who is allergic to dogs and cats but keeps two fish as pets -- said they want pet owners to consider the climate impacts of pet ownership , particularly as many Americans switch their dogs and cats to high-protein premium foods .
`` This was not a study to make anybody feel guilty , '' Okin said in an interview Wednesday . `` I 'm not saying people should go out and kill their animals or feed them something that is n't appropriate .... It was a study just to figure out how big these numbers are , and the numbers are surprisingly large . ''
Frank Mitloehner , an animal science professor at UC Davis who specializes in livestock emissions , said the study shows that pets `` clearly have an environmental footprint , and it is not a small one . ''
But they said almost all of the meat pets consume in their food comes from rendered livestock byproducts . Those are the nasty bits that meat processors would otherwise toss because people wo n't eat them .
`` If this material would n't go into pet food than what would be the alternative use ? '' they said . `` It would most likely be wasted . ''
Jennifer Fearing , a Sacramento lobbyist for the Humane Society of the United States , said the study shows that `` everybody who 's eating meat is contributing to global warming . ''
Fearing said their own dog , a shepherd mix , is doing well on a vegan diet , as did their previous dog , who died last year at age 15 .
`` He thrived on it , '' they said . `` He was a remarkably healthy dog . '' They cited studies , including a 2009 report in the British Journal of Nutrition , showing dogs can do well on a meat-free diet .
However , many veterinarians warn against feeding dogs and cats a purely plant-based diet . Cats are especially prone to heart and eye problems if they do n't get enough of a particular amino acid called taurine found in meat .
A 2015 study by the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association tested 24 types of dry and canned vegetarian pet foods and found that most were n't compliant with minimum labeling standards set by the pet-food industry . At least six of the foods tested were lacking in certain amino acids critical to pet health .
© 2017 Sacramento Bee under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock .
০ = 0 , ১ = 1 , ২ = 2 , ৩ = 3 , ৪ = 4 , ৫ = 5 , ৬ = 6 , ৭ = 7 , ৮ = 8 , ৯ = 9
্ = See example ( Hasant/Viram ) ় = * ( Nukta ) ʼ = ' ( Urdhacomma ) ঽ = & ( Avagrah ) ৺ = ~ ( Isshar ) ৹ = a~ ( Bengali ana sign ) ৲ = Rs~ ( Bengali Rupee sign ) ৳ = T~ ( Taka sign ) । = | ( Devanagari danda ) ॥ = || ( Devanagari double danda ) ₹ = Rs ( Indian Rupee sign ) 卐 = +~ ( Swastika sign ) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if `` ~ '' will be followed , it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol .
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning . You can type this way & = & ~ ~ = ~~ * = * ~ : = : ~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , `` ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols .
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing `` namaskaar ''
As per Rule # 3 , ligature will be rendered . ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature .
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character .
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character .
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel ( i.e . ai , au ) , then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels . It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels .
BALI , Indonesia — Indonesian police are hunting for an American citizen who escaped Monday from an overcrowded and understaffed prison on the Indonesian resort island of Bali .
Head of Kerobokan prison Tonny Nainggolan said Chrishan Beasley , 32 , is believed to have escaped at around 4 a.m. by sawing through a ceiling and then climbing over a 6-meter ( 20-foot ) -high wall behind the prison .
Beasley was arrested in August at a post office in the Kuta tourist area of Bali with a package containing 5.7 grams of hashish .
Nainggolan said another American inmate , Paul Anthony Hoffman , 57 , who has been serving a 20-month prison sentence since July for robbery , was captured while trying to escape .
An investigation was underway to determine if prison guards were involved in the escape , said Surung Pasaribu of the local office of the Law and Human Rights Ministry . They also said there is a shortage of guards for the prison , which was built to accommodate about 300 people but has nearly 1,600 inmates .
It was the second escape from the prison in Bali 's capital , Denpasar , since June , when four foreign inmates escaped through a drainage tunnel .
Two of them , Bulgarian Dimitar Nikolov Iliev and Indian Sayed Mohammed Said , were recaptured in East Timor days later and were returned to Bali . The two others , Shaun Edward Davidson of Australia and Tee Koko King bin Tee Kim Sai of Malaysia , are still at large .
Jailbreaks are common in Indonesia , where prisons are overcrowded with people convicted of drug crimes as part of the government 's anti-drug crusade .
In May , more than 440 prisoners escaped from an overcrowded prison on Sumatra island when they were let out of their cells to perform Friday Muslim prayers . In July 2013 , about 240 prisoners , including several convicted terrorists , escaped during a deadly riot at a prison in another part of Sumatra .
——
This story has been corrected to show that the first name of the escaped American is Chrishan instead of Christian , and the family name of the second American is Hoffman instead of Hoffam .
MOOSE JAW , Sask . — People in parts of Moose Jaw , Sask. , had to use shovels after a storm dumped piles of hail on some neighbourhoods .
There was so much hail Wednesday morning that a school bus got stuck on a residential street .
The Prairie South School Division thanked bus drivers for getting students to class safely .
The school board also expressed gratitude to people who helped clear a path for the vehicles through the hail , which was knee-deep in some places .
Around parts of the city culverts were blocked with the ice .
There are reports that more than 50 millimetres if precipitation fell during the brief storm . ( CJME , CHAB )
State-owned companies , Fidelity Printers and Printflow , have commenced the printing of ballot papers to be used during the forthcoming harmonised elections . Zimbabweans will on July 30 cast their votes in a watershed poll to choose a president , Members of Parliament , senators and councillors .
In a statement , the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission ( Zec ) said Fidelity Printers — owned by the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe — will print ballot papers for the presidential and National Assembly elections while another government-run entity , Printflow , will print local authority ballot papers .
Opposition parties and other civic service organisations had in the past voiced their concerns regarding Zec 's choice of printers , arguing that the selection process should have been done through an open public tender .
However , Zec refused to buckle to the opposition demands , saying the designing , printing and distribution of ballot papers were the sole responsibility of Zec , according to the Constitution and Electoral Act .
“ Anyone else other than Zec demanding to be involved in these functions directly or indirectly is deemed by the Commission as one attempting to usurp the powers and independence of the electoral management body , ” Zec said .
The commission has , however , allowed all the contesting political parties to witness the initial stage of the printing of the ballot papers in a move aimed at fostering transparency .
“ In the spirit of transparency and stakeholder engagement , the commission invited stakeholders including representatives of all political parties contesting residential elections , local and foreign observers , embassies as well as civic society and faith-based organisations to witness ballot paper printing at Fidelity Printers last Friday , ” Zec said .
Meanwhile , a number of candidates from both the ruling Zanu PF and the opposition MDC Alliance have withdrawn from standing in this month 's harmonised elections , according to Zec .
Due to a number of reasons , there were many constituencies where candidates from the same political party were vying for the same seat .
The MDC Alliance was the worst affected , with double candidates emerging in at least 14 constituencies .
The issue of double candidates was also prevalent in local government elections .
According to Zec , Zanu PF candidates namely Martin Dinha ( Mazowe North ) and Loice Magweba ( Harare Central ) withdrew from the forthcoming elections .
Regarding the MDC Alliance , those who withdrew their names include Clifford Nhamburo ( Goromonzi West ) , Ernest Madingo ( Gutu Central ) , Knowledge Mupini ( Gutu West ) , William Zivenge ( Zaka West ) , Tinashe Jinga ( Chimanimani West ) and Relief Chipere ( Zengeza West ) . DailyNews
We all saw the Instagram glory of early season power in and around Mt . Baker . And now many of the lifts at resorts comprising the Pacific Northwest Ski Areas Association are spinning full time . Other resorts in the Northwest are evaluating current snow depths and watching the weather forecasts , and PNSAA will send updates as more resorts announce opening dates . Last week 's colder temperatures and abundant sunshine made it a great time to get on the slopes in Pacific Northwest mountains .
Following is a rundown of what was operating as of December 7 :
WASHINGTON
49 Degrees North is operating its normal winter schedule , Friday through Tuesday , 9 am-3:20 pm . For the current operations and conditions go to : http : //www.ski49n.com/snow_report.php or contact Eric Bakken , ebakken @ ski49n.com or 509-935-6649 ext . 603 .
Crystal Mountain is operating daily from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm with limited operations . For the current operations and conditions go to : https : //crystalmountainresort.com/the-mountain/current-conditions/ or contact Tiana Anderson , 360-663-3012 or tiana @ skicrystal.com .
Hurricane Ridge is scheduled to open with 43 ” of snow on Saturday , December 9 . Scheduled operating days are on weekends plus Martin Luther King Jr. Day , President 's Day and the 4 weekdays after Christmas ( Dec. 26 – 29 ) . Season ends April 1 . For additional details go to https : //hurricaneridge.com/ .
Methow Trails is open for cross-country skiing . For more information on trail grooming and conditions go to http : //www.methowtrails.org/winter-trails/grooming/ or contact James DeSalvo , 509-996-3287 .
Mission Ridge reopens Saturday , December 9 and Sunday , December 10 , 9 am-4 pm . For up-to-date conditions and operations go to https : //www.missionridge.com/snow-report or contact Tony Hickock , ahickok @ missionridge.com or 509-588-9404 .
Mt Baker is operating on a normal daily schedule 9 am to 3:30 pm . For more information go to https : //www.mtbaker.us/snow-report or contact Amy Trowbridge , amy @ mtbaker.us or 360-734-6771 .
Mt Spokane Ski & Snowboard Park reopens Friday December 8 , 9 am to 4 pm . Tube hill opens Saturday December 9 and Night skiing December 15 . For more details about operations and conditions go to http : //www.mtspokane.com/snowreport or contact Brenda McQuarrie , brenda @ mtspokane.com
or 509-238-7011 .
Stevens Pass Mountain Resort is open for daily operations 9 am to 4 pm . For more operations and conditions information go to https : //www.stevenspass.com/site or contact Chris Danforth , christopher.danforth @ stevenspass.com or 206-812-7856 .
The Summit at Snoqualmie is open at Summit West through Sunday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. For more operation and conditions details go to http : //www.summitatsnoqualmie.com/blog/let-2017-18-season-begin , or contact Guy Lawrence , glawrence @ summiti90.com or 425-434-6728 .
White Pass will reopen for daily operations beginning Saturday , December 9 , 9 am to 4 pm . Lifts in operation will be 2 surface lifts , Great White , Far East , # 4 Chair , and Basin Quad . For conditions and operation updates visit www.skiwhitepass.com or contact Kathleen Goyette , kat @ skiwhitepass.com or 509-945-3189 .
OREGON
Mt Bachelor is open for daily 9 am to 4 pm . For more information on operations and conditions go to http : //www.mtbachelor.com/conditions-report/ or contact Drew Jackson , djackson @ mtbachelor.com or 541-693-0953 .
Mt Hood Meadows is open daily 9 am to 4 pm . For more about operations and conditions go to https : //www.skihood.com/the-mountain/conditions or contact Dave Tragethon , Dave.Tragethon @ skihood.com or call 971-373-8111 .
Mt Hood Skibowl will be open for tubing the upcoming weekend . For additional details go to www.skibowl.com or contact Karen Norton , knorton @ skibowl.com or 971.274.3165 .
Timberline is operating daily from 9am-4pm , conditions permitting . For more details and conditions go to : http : //www.timberlinelodge.com/conditions/ or contact John Burton , jburton @ timberlinelodge.com , ( 503 ) 272-3345 .
IDAHO
Lookout Pass is open pen Thursday , December 7 through Monday , December 11 , 9 am to 4 pm . For more information go to https : //skilookout.com/snow-report or contact Matthew Sawyer , Matt @ SkiLookout.com or 208-744-1301 .
Silver Mountain Resort will open Saturday , December 9 through Sunday , December 10 . For more information on operations or conditions go to http : //www.silvermt.com/snow-report or contact Willy Bartlett , WillyB @ silvermt.com or 208-783-1524 .
Schweitzer Mountain Resort is in full seven-day winter operating schedule . More details on operations and conditions at https : //www.schweitzer.com/explore/snow-report/ or by contacting Dig Chrismer , dchrismer @ schweitzer.com or 208-255-3031 .
ALASKA
Alyeska Resort will open for the 2017/18 ski season with limited terrain on Saturday , December 9 . Lifts and the tram will operate starting at 10:30AM until 5:30PM . Lifts for opening weekend will be determined based on conditions . The Sitzmark will also open at noon on Friday for the season . For more information on operations and conditions go to http : //www.alyeskaresort.com/snow-report or contact Ben Napolitano , bnapolitano @ alyeskaresort.com or 907-382-6579 .
Eaglecrest Ski Area will open the Porcupine Chair and the Lower Nordic Trails for the season on Saturday , December 2 . The
Porcupine Chair will operate from 9:00am – 3:00pm . The Rental Shop will be open and the Snowsports School will be offering lessons . The Eaglecrest Grill and Mountain Lift Coffee will be open . The Lower Nordic Trails will be packed and track set . For more details on operations and conditions go to https : //skijuneau.com/mountain-information/snow-trails-reports or contact Jeffra Clough , Jeffra.Clough @ skijuneau.com , 907-790-2000 x219
MONTANA
Whitefish Mountain Resort begins its 70th Winter Season this Thursday , December 7 with the newly relocated Chair 5 lift operating among the six lifts , chairs 1 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 11 and T-Bar 2 , operating to access 29 runs at the top of the mountain . Downloading on Chair 1 will be required . Chair 1 will be open for uploading 9:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m . There will not be any terrain open to ski down to the Base Lodge , so the resort will provide shuttles to transport guests between the Lift Plaza and Base Lodge as well as lower mountain parking lots . Food & Beverage services will be 100 percent open as well as the Kids Center & Daycare , intermediate lessons at the Ski & Ride School equipment rentals and retail shops . For more details on conditions and mountain operations visit www.skiwhitefish.com or contact Christina “ Riley ” Polumbus rileyp @ skiwhitefish.com or 406-862-1948 .
The Pacific Northwest Ski Areas Association is a non-profit trade association , which represents the interests of 35 ski and snowboard facilities located in Oregon , Washington , Alaska , Idaho , Montana , and California . The Association 's member ski areas – most of which operate on public land – collectively host an estimated 5.1 million visits annually . For additional information on Pacific Northwest skiing and snowboarding , contact the PNSAA office at ( 877 ) 533-5520 , or visit www.pnsaa.org .
By Fungi Kwaramba
The ruling Zanu PF party 's supreme decision-making organ in between congresses , the politburo , meets in Harare today for another crunch meeting that could end the uncertainty surrounding Saviour Kasukuwere 's future as the revolutionary party 's national political commissar .
The 47-year-old Mount Darwin legislator goes into today 's potentially explosive meeting unsure whether they will keep their job , which they assumed only three years ago .
Kasukuwere has been skating on thin ice ever since an insurrection against their leadership broke out in their home province of Mashonaland Central , with eight other regions throwing their weight behind calls for their ouster .
Those baying for their blood accuse the party 's chief organiser and strategist of plotting a bloodless coup against the Zanu PF leader ; causing mayhem in the party by interfering with party structures and imposing leaders at various levels .
Also under fire is their brother Dickson Mafios , who is the acting Zanu PF chairperson for Mashonaland Central — a ruling party stronghold .
Kasukuwere has their sympathisers as well , who have formed their rearguard , including Vice President Phelekezela Mphoko who believe that the brouhaha was being sponsored by a rival faction out to decimate President Robert Mugabe 's foot soldiers before launching a final assault for the high pressure job .
In a bid to resolve the impasse , Mugabe set up a committee led by politburo member , Jacob Mudenda , to get to the bottom of the standoff and recommend a way forward . The committee has since finalised its report , which will be tabled at today 's crunch meeting .
Zanu PF insiders said the report could be debated along factional lines hence Mugabe would , in the final analyses , be forced to take a stand .
The ruling party is dominated by two factions namely Generation 40 ( G40 ) , which is sympathetic to Kasukuwere , and Team Lacoste , which has been sharpening its knives , ready to finish off the embattled political commissar .
Analysts said the Zanu PF leader is caught between a rock and a hard place as they try to balance the factional interests playing out in their party .
Political analyst , Ibbo Mandaza , believes that Mugabe may not act on Kasukuwere .
They said : “ I am not sure if anything will be done ; they thrive on chaos and confusion ” .
In the past , Mugabe has succeeded in keeping their party together by playing a delicate power-play whereby none of the warring factions would be allowed to annihilate the other because that would also compromise their position in the party and government .
The only time they varied this principle was in 2014 when they cut loose a faction linked to former vice president Joice Mujuru , but it was not long before the Team Lacoste faction , which had emerged victorious found another rival in the form of G40 .
It would , however , appear that Mugabe has three options available . The first one would be to buy time by not passing a verdict on this emotive matter in order to allow tampers to cool down , while they contemplate their next move .
In all their speeches , they have been calling on their lieutenants to bury the hatchet in order to confront their rivals at the next elections in 2018 as a united force . This could be the clearest hint that the crafty nationalist may not want to rock the boat at this critical juncture .
The least of their options would be to kick out the swashbuckling Kasukuwere as that would create a rift in their party , especially in the Mashonaland provinces , where the national political commissar enjoys some political stamina .
Analysts intimated this week that Mugabe may also be forced to re-assign Kasukuwere , while making sure that their successor will not tilt the scales in favour of a rival camp , which has been calling for a replacement with liberation war credentials .
The basis for a possible re-assignment would be that Kasukuwere may not continue to be effective in their current position since the majority of the 10 political provinces no longer have confidence in him .
Already , several names are being bandied around as their possible successors , including their predecessor , Webster Shamu , and Kudzai Chipanga , the current Zanu PF youth league secretary .
There is also speculation that this could cause a roots-and-branch shake-up in both the party and government that might see Kasukuwere being moved to another ministry .
They are currently the Mmnister of Local Government .
“ He ( Kasukuwere ) will definitely be compelled to do something but the question is what action they will take ? I do n't think they will boot out Kasukuwere , the worst they can do is to redeploy them to a position that is acceptable to those who are demanding a harsher penalty , ” said University of Zimbabwe political science lecturer Eldred Masunungure .
“ There may be a minor reshuffling that could be triggered by Kasukuwere 's redeployment . They have been found unacceptable by nine out of 10 provinces and that will force the president to act . . . It can not be ruled out that they will be kept in their position but that is unlikely as that could prove that Mugabe has lost their Machiavellian touch . The party needs a robust commissar and Mugabe knows that .
“ The timing is critical here ; Mujuru was expelled after the elections , which is the best way that does not diminish the party 's position to win elections . This is a pivotal time for Zanu PF . They ( Mugabe ) will not be drastic as was the case with others , ” added Masunungure .
The politburo is also set to hear submissions by the Bulawayo province on the unprecedented orgy of intra-party violence that occurred last month at the Davies Hall .
Also to be heard is an appeal by Mutero Masanganise who lost the Masvingo provincial chairpersonship poll rerun to Ezra Chadzamira , a Team Lacoste protégé , despite having pulled out of the race days before polling .
Masanganise — who is linked to the G40 faction , which in turn is opposed to Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa succeeding Mugabe — pulled out of the Masvingo poll re-run arguing that it was illegal .
Mugabe and the politburo had nullified the results from the initial regional poll , which was won by Chadzamira — amid claims of irregularities , including people not voting in some districts .
Chadzamira , who is the former regional chairperson , crushed Masanganise then — polling 12 393 votes against their opponent 's 4 888 , amid allegations of rigging and failure by people in Mwenezi and some parts of Chiredzi to vote .
Analysts said factionalism will continue to haunt Zanu PF until it has dealt with the succession question .
The 93-year-old has studiously refused to name a successor , insisting that the party 's congress has that mandate : to choose a person of their own choice .
“ There will be no closure until the explosive issue of who will succeed Mugabe will be decided . There is only one way these fights will stop , until that issue is settled with finality the troubles in Zanu PF will continue and we are likely to see the intensification of those problems , they will not go away easily , ” said Masunungure . Daily News
Winning all but one match , the Joel Barlow High girls tennis team beat host Newtown 6-1 on Monday , April 17 .
Barlow 's only sweep was at first singles and featured Maddie Massey posting 6-0 , 6-0 scores over Amanda Berry . Second singles went to three sets with Cally Higgins holding off Amanda Conrod 6-7 , 6-3 , 6-1 .
Elizabeth McCain was at third singles for a 6-2 , 6-3 win over Megan Cooney . Completing the singles sweep , Anastasia Fassman defeated Rachel Goldman 6-1 , 6-1 at fourth singles .
It was a close first doubles match with Sydney Higgins and EllieAnn Lesko going three sets to bear Tessa Ganbeth and Emily McCoy 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-3 . Kristy Kudej and Veronica Galban were 6-0 , 6-4 winners over Sophie Wlfman and Julia Anderson at second doubles .
Newtown 's only win was at third doubles when Haley Lambert and Julia Klein defeating Callie Bast and Laurel Winslow 6-3 , 7-5 .
TORONTO — The MLS Cup has long been a dream for beleaguered Toronto FC fans . For captain Michael Bradley , it was an obsession after losing the championship game last year in a penalty shootout .
“ Not just for me but every single guy in our team , ” Bradley said .
“ I could sit here and try to explain to you guys for the next two hours what it 's like to lose a final on penalties the way we did last year and to have to wake up the next morning and feel like your chance at redemption might as well be 50 years away , ” Bradley added Saturday after finally scratching that very big title itch .
Toronto avenged last year 's MLS Cup final loss to Seattle by dominating the Sounders 2-0 in the championship rematch .
Jozy Altidore scored in the 67th minute and Victor Vazquez added a stoppage-time counter-attack goal as Toronto completed its record-breaking season .
The home side put on a performance brimming with confidence and intent before 30,584 on a warmer-than-expected late afternoon at BMO Field , where it was 1 Celsius at kickoff .
Seattle was on the back foot almost from the get-go . Toronto grabbed the Sounders by the scruff of the neck and did n't stop shaking for 90 minutes .
Seattle coach Brian Schmetzer said their team will be taking some pointers from Toronto .
“ If you look at Toronto 's year , the start of the year was the loss in the 2016 MLS Cup , and you could tell that that was a motivated franchise , motivated coach , motivated team , ” they said .
“ Their success throughout the year I believe was fuelled by the loss last year , so what I told my group was I said ‘ Look , we can use it the same way . We 're still a good team . We can go out and compile a few more wins and maybe host an MLS Cup final in front of our Seattle fans. ” ‘
The win was especially sweet for a Toronto franchise that , while a hit at the turnstiles since entering MLS in 2007 , was the league doormat for a long time . Ownership changed coaches , players and philosophies seemingly at will .
Toronto missed the playoffs for its first eight years and needed five seasons to register a total of 10 away wins .
In 2012 , the team set a league record by losing nine game straight to open the season .
“ We 're setting a record for the worst team in the world , man , and it 's painful , ” star striker Danny Koevermans said famously at the time . “ What can I say more ? It 's just the worst ever . ”
After that disastrous 5-21-8 season , Toronto rolled back season-ticket prices to 2007 levels to appease disgruntled fans .
Tim Leiweke , hired as president and CEO of owner Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment in April 2013 got the ball rolling . Leiweke had the vision and inclination to bring big-ticket designated players like Bradley to Toronto .
They did n't always hit the right note but they pushed the franchise back on track .
The hiring of Tim Bezbatchenko as GM ( September 2013 ) , Greg Vanney as head coach ( August 2013 ) and Bill Manning as president ( October 2015 ) steadied the ship . The right players were found and the right culture was instilled .
But in all , it took 11 seasons , nine coaches and 370 games to hoist the MLS Cup .
Saturday 's win completed an unprecedented treble for Toronto , adding the Philip F. Anschutz Trophy to the Supporters ' Shield symbolic of the best regular-season record — in this case the league 's best regular season ever — and the Voyageurs Cup as Canadian champions .
Toronto ( 20-5-9 ) earned a league-record 69 points this season , dispatching the New York Red Bulls and Columbus Crew SC earlier in the playoffs .
The first team to clinch a spot in the playoffs this season , Toronto set franchise records for wins ( 20 ) , goals scored ( 74 ) , the fewest goals allowed ( 37 ) , shutouts ( 13 ) , home wins ( 13 ) , home points ( 42 ) , road wins ( 7 ) and road points ( 27 ) .
But all the records would have meant nothing if the league 's highest-spending team had lost Saturday . Instead of champions , Toronto would have been halfway to matching the Buffalo Bills in finals futility .
Vanney , who played on the 1998 Los Angeles Galaxy team whose points record was erased by TFC this season , had said previously Toronto was the best team ever in MLS .
“ Nobody has accomplished what this team has accomplished historically , ” they said Saturday , doubling-down . “ We won obviously every championship along the way , set a points record . The quality and the way which this group went about their business over the course of a season .
“ And we 're not done yet , ” they added as Bradley nodded in agreement . “ We still have things in front of us that we want to continue to achieve . We 're still writing that story . ”
Toronto ran roughshod over the Sounders , claiming its trophy after 90 minutes of one-way traffic . But the home side — like in last year 's final — was unable to beat Seattle 's superb ‘ keeper Stefan Frei .
That changed midway through the second half after a Sounders turnover deep in the Toronto end was sent back the other way at pace . Sebastian Giovinco split the defence with a pass and Altidore chipped the ball over an onrushing Frei .
Altidore , who had scored the winning goal last time out despite rolling their ankle in the Eastern Conference final against Columbus , headed towards the southwest corner for a repeat celebration that saw them swallowed up by jubilant teammates .
Altidore was named the game 's most valuable player for their performance .
Vazquez made it 2-0 , knocking the ball in the 94th minute after Armando Cooper 's shot hit the goalpost . The south stand lit up lit a Christmas tree immediately as supporters fired up flares to celebrate .
Prior to Altidore 's strike , the Sounders had not conceded a goal in 609 minutes , a run that dated back to a 2-0 loss in Philadelphia on Oct. 1 . Seattle had posted shutouts in 12 of its previous 18 games , including the last six .
Seattle 's post-season shutout run was even longer — an MLS playoff-record 714 minutes dating back to the second leg of the 2016 Western Conference final against the Colorado Rapids .
Toronto , which had outshot Seattle 19-3 ( 7-0 in shots on target in last year 's final , outshot Seattle 22-7 ( 11-2 on target ) this time .
“ At some point if you 're going to rely on your goalkeeper that often and in that many critical moments , one of them is going to get through , ” said Schmetzer .
While Toronto enjoyed a record-breaking regular season , the playoff road to the final proved to be a grind . TFC came into the game just 4-3-2 since mid-September , outscoring the opposition 14-13 .
Normal service resumed Saturday .
Toronto dropped centre back Eriq Zavaleta to the bench , switching to a 4-4-2 from its more normal 3-5-2 formation . That made room for both Jonathan Osorio and Marky Delgado in the diamond-shaped midfield , with Bradley shielding the backline .
For Vanney , the switch was made to crowd Seattle in the midfield and make it difficult for the Sounders to settle into their possession-oriented game . On the attacking side , they wanted to get Altidore , Giovinco and Vazquez closer together .
Osorio and Delgado repaid their coach 's faith with fine performances . Bradley was immense , Altidore outmuscled defenders , Giovinco danced and Vazquez pulled the strings .
Seattle stuck with its 4-2-3-1 formation with centre back Roman Torres returning from suspension . That set up a domino effect with Gustav Svensson moving from defence to holding midfielder and Nicolas Lodeiro advancing to an attacking midfield role . Joevin Jones dropped back to fullback , consigning Cameroon defender Nouhou to the bench .
It was the Frei show in the first half as the Seattle ‘ keeper made save after save to keep the Sounders , struggling to keep up with a vibrant Toronto attack , in the game .
Frei faced 12 shots ( six on target ) in the first half alone .
It was a rapid-fire opening with Toronto bullying the midfield and moving the ball at speed . Frei had to make big saves on both Osorio , Giovinco ( twice ) , Vazquez and Delgado in the first 40 minutes . Toronto 's passing , with Vazquez pulling the strings , and constant motion made the Sounders ' defence look slow and vulnerable .
Toronto had eight shots ( 4-0 in shots on target ) before Seattle 's Jones finally put a shot on goal in the 30th minute — an easy save for Alex Bono . It was the Sounders ' first shot on target in 150 minutes over the last two finals .
Toronto had 63.8 per cent possession in the first half , finishing at 56.9 per cent .
And when Seattle came down the other end , Bradley — often playing as a central sweeper — was there to nip the attack in the bud .
Under Major League Soccer 's collective bargaining agreement , the Cup winners share US $ 275,000 while the losers divide $ 80,000 .
Vanney , the MLS coach of the year , came into the game having lost three MLS Cup finals as a player and one as coach . Two of those were decided in extra time and one on penalties .
After the game , they movingly paid tribute to their mother , who passed away in April and had witnessed every one of those championship losses .
“ I know she 's proud , ” they said .
Schmetzer said they would not fault their team 's effort , adding : “ We 're capable of playing better soccer , put it that way . ”
It 's the second championship for Toronto in less than two weeks , following the Argonauts ' victory in the Grey Cup . Larry Tanenbaum has an ownership stake in both teams .
Follow @ NeilMDavidson on Twitter
The Agricultural Social Production Unit ( UPSA ) Caquetios , located in Cabudare , in Palavecino municipality , Lara state , is run by the Brazilian Movement of Rural Landless Workers ( MST ) . A campesino organisation , the MST shares similar objectives to those of former president Hugo Chavez and the pro-poor Bolivarian Revolution they led – in particular , land collectivisation as the best way to grow food and put an end to rural inequality .
In 2006 , the MST was invited to Venezuela to take over a 40-hectare estate as part of Chavez 's attempt to transform Venezuela 's countryside . Since then , the group has been joined by several Venezuelan farmers , with both groups learning new experiences from each other .
We spent three nights on the UPSA Caquetios ' beautiful farm as part of the Venezuela Analysis international solidarity delegation in late August . Our aim was to get a sense of what was happening in Venezuela 's countryside and how communities here are attempting to deal with the country 's economic crisis .
Recuperating land
The estate had previously been used to grow sugar , but more recently had been unused . The previous owner , a wealthy latifundista ( large landowner ) , only used it for parties .
It was expropriated under a 2001 decree issued by Chavez that allowed the state to take back tracts of unproductive land – and precipitated the coup attempt against Chavez in 2002 .
Today , UPSA Caquetios grows six hectares of guanape seed corn and plays a vital role in guaranteeing access to native seeds for small producers in Lara .
Guanape corn seed is a native seed that does not require pesticides and has a higher protein content than imported seed . Although only 40 kilograms of guanape seed remained in the whole country , the UPSA was able to plant it as part of achieving one of its objectives : saving native seeds .
The land had been destroyed through the heavy use of pesticides . When the MST took it over , they spent a long time revitalising the soil , using composted material and worm castings . They subsequently developed their own natural herbicide to control plagues , made of tobacco leaves , milk and liquid from worms .
We were surprised by the heavy security measures in place and the presence of farmers carrying out night patrols .
These measures were put in place after the farm was targeted by guarimberos ( violent right-wing protesters ) during the recent wave of opposition protests that hit the country between April and July .
Agricultural commune
During our stay in Lara we visited the 1000-hectare farm where the Communally-Owned Social Production Enterprise ( EPSDC ) Argimiro Gabaldon is location .
As its name implies , the EPSDC is directly run by the local El Maizal Commune , which unites 22 community councils ( grassroots bodies for local participatory decision-making ) that cover 80,000 inhabitants or 3500 families on both sides of the Lara-Portuguesa border .
For the Bolivarian Revolution , communes are seen as the next level up from the community councils in the new communal state which is being built from the bottom-up .
Members of the commune explained to us that it had been relatively easy for the communities to take over the land . The former billionaire owner lived in Miami and flew into the farm by helicopter once every six months , while treating their workers like slaves .
With the backing of Chavez 's 2001 law , the communities took over the land . Chavez invited the former owner to negotiate compensation for the property in 2005 on the condition that they appear in person on the farm . They never appeared , instead insisting on getting their land back .
Finally , the community councils received the legal right to enter the property and , together with the former workers , converted it into a productive farm .
Today they grow black beans , corn , vegetables and coffee . They also have 100 cattle , which they milk by hand twice a day . Some of the milk is used to make cheese .
The workers are paid from the profits of the sale of the products . They are paid above the minimum wage and receive food stamps and free health care . The workers also have guaranteed housing .
The remaining profits go back to the community . The commune has used these profits to build three high schools , a primary school and a medical clinic . They have also built 85 houses and supplied electricity to many families .
Unemployed women have been taken on to sell milk products and vegetables . They take the products to the market and sell directly to the local community , rather than going through private distributors or the state .
The corn , however , has to be sold back to the state , as the state demands that all products financed by the state be distributed by the state itself .
Workers at the EPSDC explained that next year they will not ask the state for funds and will use locally-produced seeds . They said they want to be self-sufficient in terms of inputs and plant native corn to recoup the seeds , rather than use GMO seeds , which are infertile .
The El Maizal Commune also runs the EPSDC Camilo Cienfuegos , which distributes gas cheaply to communities in Lara and Portuguesa . They are training 13 young people to change and fill the gas bottles .
State bureaucracy
The commune has also taken responsibility for a local vegetable garden . Set up seven years ago by a group of Cuban agroecologists , the garden contains a number of greenhouses . However , when the state took it over , it fell into disrepair .
The commune decided three years ago to take it over . They now have 15 workers rebuilding the greenhouses and attending to seeds and harvests of cucumbers , coriander , onions , bananas , plantains and black beans , among others .
They told us that the plan is to have 300 young people taking classes on horticulture in September , as part of a program run in conjunction with the Campesino University . They are also planning to produce feed to fatten pigs and to cultivate fish .
We also visited the Porcinos de Alba piggery , in Simon Planas municipality . They look after 1000 pigs with a staff of 25 workers , including four women .
Here again , Cubans agroecologists had showed local Venezuelans how to manage the pigs , collect semen and inseminate the females by hand .
Once it became operational , the piggery was handed over to the state . It continued to function well for seven years , but was ultimately abandoned by the administrative workers earlier this year . For three months , the pigs received no feed .
Instead , the workers had to feed the pigs with mangoes they picked up from the ground - fortunately it was mango season – and managed to keep them alive .
The El Maizal Commune then took it over , repairing the trucks and sending corn as pig feed , demonstrating that control by local groups is the only solution - the state is too bureaucratised .
Women 's organisation
During our stay in Lara , we met with the Women 's committee of the Lomas de Leon Commune and activists from the Movement Women for Life , in Iribarren municipality .
The women , many of whom had suffered domestic violence , had formed a group to deal specifically with this issue . If they suspected that a woman was being abused by their partner , someone from the group would take it upon themselves to visit them when they were alone and gently introduce the topic , as most women were too ashamed to talk about it .
They also worked on helping women become economically independent through projects such as selling bottles of tomato sauce , soaps , sweets and cleaning liquids .
The delegation also managed to fit in a bit of tourism and saw the magnificent “ Flower of Venezuela ” sculpture open its petals . Venezuelan architect Fruto Vivas , who had been a guerrilla fighter in the 1960s and 1970s , won a prize for the sculpture at the prestigious World Fair in Hanover , where the sculpture had remained for many years .
Chavez fought to get it back , saying Venezuelans should have the right to enjoy this national patrimony . It was maintained by the governor 's office until 2014 . However , the local opposition governor for Lara , Henri Falcon , only used it for fancy private parties .
The popular movements , together with Vivas , fought to have it nationalised . It now belongs to the tourism ministry , and anyone can enter the structure for free and use its recreational facilities , one of which includes a public radio .
Each night involved a cultural event . On one of the nights , they played traditional music from Lara , called the “ Golpe Larense ” .
In a discussion with a group of young people , they told us they were very dissatisfied with the current high food prices and low wages and wanted the situation to return to what it was like when Chavez was in power .
We enjoyed the local brew of cocuy , a very strong spirit made from the agave plant , which is traditional to the states of Lara and Falcon . It used to be illegal for independent artisans to produce cocuy , and anyone found to be doing so was heavily persecuted . However , Chavez made it legal , declaring cocuy was cultural patrimony .
Cocuy does not give you a sore head , which is why people like it so much .
We finished off our last night together by dancing and singing songs , all with the help of a large amount of cocuy .
The next day we returned to Caracas and said farewell to our fellow delegates , more determined than ever to report the truth of what we had seen during our stay in revolutionary Venezuela .
[ Coral Wynter is a member of the Australia-Venezuela Solidarity Network . This is the fifth in a series of articles looking at their experience as part of the Venezuela Analysis solidarity delegation . ]
Updated at 2:10 p.m . ET
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during their first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville , Va .
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed , and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack .
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr. , 20 , of Maumee , Ohio , was charged with one count of second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run .
During today 's Charlottesville court hearing , as NPR 's Debbie Elliott reports , Fields `` appeared by video from jail , dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit . ''
They answered the judge 's questions with a simple `` Yes , sir '' and `` No , sir , '' according to The Associated Press .
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that they could not afford a lawyer . `` Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields , and set another hearing for Aug. 25 , '' Debbie adds . `` Until then , the judge said , Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because they have no ties to the area . ''
The AP adds that the judge told the court that the `` public defenders ' office informed them it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday 's protest . '' Fields was taken into custody on Saturday after the incident .
Details are emerging about Fields ' background and their interest in Nazi Germany . One of the suspect 's high school teachers in Ohio told member station WVXU that Fields `` was intelligent and did n't cause trouble , '' but was `` also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy . ''
Derek Weimer , who had Fields in three classes at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union , Ky. , told WVXU , `` He went to a good school . Lived in a good neighborhood . There were plenty of people around to try to guide them in the right direction . My first feeling is we failed . I failed . ''
Fields ' mother , Samantha Bloom , told The Toledo Blade that they were aware their son was going to what they called an `` alt-right '' rally . `` I told them to be careful , '' Bloom said , according to the newspaper . `` [ And ] if they 're going to rally to make sure he 's doing it peacefully . ''
An `` extremely rare '' signed copy of Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf is to be sold at a Clitheroe auction house this morning .
The blue cloth-covered 1935 edition bears the Nazi dictator 's signature on the front fly leaf .
It was presented to former BBC and Oxford Mail journalist Peter Cadogan during a visit to Munich in the late 1930s .
It will be sold at Silverwoods auction house on Lincoln Way and is expected to raise more than £1,000 .
Auctioneer James Thompson said some people `` would n't touch anything Nazi with a bargepole '' , but others believe the book should be preserved , despite Hitler 's appalling reign .
`` In a way , it 's a way to touch a monster , '' they added .
Mein Kampf , which translates as My Struggle , was first published in 1925 and sets out Hitler 's political ideology and plans for Germany .
The example being sold is thought to be especially rare because Hitler was known to resist signing documents of any kind .
Again , CBN Boosts FX Market Liquidity with $ 210m
Obinna Chima
The Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ) on Tuesday intervened once more in the interbank segment of the foreign exchange ( FX ) market as it sold $ 210 million in thewholesale segment and other sectors .
Figures released by the central bankyesterday showed that the wholesale sector of the market got another injection of $ 100 million , just as the small and medium scale enterprises ( SMEs ) and invisibles sectors each received $ 55 million .
Confirming the figures , the Acting Director , Corporate Communications Department at the CBN , Mr. Isaac Okorafor , said theinterventions , like the previous intermediations , were in line with the Bank 's commitment to sustain the high level of stability in the Forex market and continually ease access to the currency by those requiring it for genuine activities .
Okorafor , while commending the role of players in the market , said the CBN was ready to inject funds into the market , whenever and wherever necessary , in order to maintain market stability as well as sustain the financial system .
They also said the financial regulator was further buoyed by recent gains in the foreign exchange sector , which had seen the country 's reserves soar closer to the $ 50 billion mark .
Speaking further , Okorafor said the country 's reserves continued to enjoy accretion , adding that the present reserves status at the Bank meant that the CBN was capable of sustaining foreign exchange liquidity in the system .
Tuesday 's intervention came as one United States Dollar ( US $ 1 ) exchanged for N361 in the Bureau De Change ( BDC ) segment of the market .
The CBN had in its last interventioninjected the sum of $ 396.18million into the Retail Secondary Market Intervention Sales ( SMIS ) .
CBN Governor , Mr. Godwin Emefiele at the weekend put the value of the country 's external reserves at $ 47.93 billion , noting , however , that there was need to save for the rainy day and also continue to grow the foreign reserves .
They said it would be like saying the focus on inflation , the gross domestic product and exchange rate do not mean anything .
“ We came to a meeting where one of the important issues that was discussed was the need to save for a rainy day and we must continue to rebuild reserves .
“ That means that Nigeria 's decision to rebuild its reserves from as low as $ 23 billion in 2016 to almost $ 48 billion today was a decision in the right direction .
“ So , we are going to continue to do so . If we had more reserves when we were hit by the exogenous shocks , we would not have suffered the recession that we suffered , ” they added .
The post Again , CBN Boosts FX Market Liquidity with $ 210m appeared first on THISDAYLIVE .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
`` We possibly hurled for twelve minutes in that match '' 15 February 2017
Armagh 's Ryan Gaffney with Cian Forde of Kildare .
©INPHO/Presseye/Philip McGowan . Armagh 's Ryan Gaffney with Cian Forde of Kildare.©INPHO/Presseye/Philip McGowan .
Kildare 's hurlers got the better of Armagh on Sunday but manager Joe Quaid was n't happy with their performance .
The Lilywhites came away from the cold , windy Athletic Grounds with two points thanks to a hard-fought 1-18 to 1-15 victory . The winning manager was pleased with th result but far from thrilled by the display :
`` The fear of winning is nearly as bad as the fear of losing , '' the Limerick man told The Leinster Leader . `` Look , last year we did n't win too many matches - we won one and we drew one in the league - so it was hugely important that we started with a win , however we got it .
`` Would we be happy with our performance ? Not one bit . We possibly hurled for twelve minutes in that match . Not taking anything away from Armagh but we would n't be happy with our performance . It 's two points in the bag and it 's parked now and we 'll prepare again for Westmeath next week . ''
Soldering Robots Market Types , Application , Insights , Overview , Manufacturers Challenges & Forecast 2023 – Technical Progress
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OTTAWA — The Trudeau government will get a chance to test its popularity today with four federal byelections .
The most heated race is the British Columbia riding of South Surrey-White Rock where the Liberals are making a concerted effort to steal the seat from the Conservatives .
Both Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Conservative leader Andrew Scheer have campaigned in the riding , which was held by Tory MP Dianne Watts who jumped to provincial politics .
The Conservatives have tried to stir up voter anger in the riding over the Liberal government 's tax reforms that include closing loopholes for small business owners .
The Conservatives are considered in the driver 's seat in the western Saskatchewan riding of Battlefords-Lloydminister , which has voted for right-wing parties since the 1990s .
The other two ridings , in Newfoundland and Labrador and Toronto , are considered safe Liberal seats .
The riding of Bonavista-Burin-Trinity became vacant last summer when the province 's representative in the federal cabinet , Judy Foote , resigned for personal reasons .
Foote had represented the area as a Liberal MP for the past decade .
The Toronto riding of Scarborough-Agincourt became vacant due to the death of Liberal backbencher Arnold Chan .
It has been in Liberal hands since the '80s .
The Saskatchewan seat became vacant this year when former Conservative cabinet minister Gerry Ritz left politics .
In the last election the New Democrats were a distant second in Ritz 's riding and a distant third in the other three ridings .
NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh the day before the vote shaking hands and greeting voters at an outdoor shopping centre in Montreal , nowhere near any of the ridings in play .
Singh declined to speculate on their party 's chances , saying only that he 'd “ called and spoken ” to all their candidates and was happy with their campaigns .
“ They 're running great campaigns and I 'm confident they 're going to put up a good representation of our values and what we believe in , ” Singh said Sunday .
The Liberals hold a comfortable majority in the House of Commons so the outcome of the races will have little effect on the balance of power .
The ER-2 has been scanning the blazes with a couple of interesting instruments that have flown , or will fly aboard the international space station ( ISS ) . One of them is the AVIRIS spectrometer that can penetrate cloud , dust and smoke to see the ground below . While providing a clear image of the ground , it can also measure fine details in vegetation like water content and plant species growing . Eventually , a similar instrument will be launched into space .
On the flight pictured above , however , it 's carrying another instrument , the Cloud-Aerosol Multi-Angle Lidar ( CAMAL ) . It was originally developed to a validated space-based version of the instrument called CATS , which operated for 33 months aboard the ISS , before going out of service last month . Now , CAMAL is being used for a similar purpose aboard the ER-2 . Unlike other types of LiDAR used to scan the ground , CAMAL can study pollution , smoke , clouds and other atmospheric phenomena .
Another view of the Thomas Fires from space
Ideally , NASA flies the AVIRIS spectrometer over regions before a fire starts to get a base measurement , then overflies the same spot again afterwards . Comparing the before and after images gives researchers an idea about the severity of a fire .
Meanwhile , when the blaze is active , the area can be scanned with the CAMAL LiDAR to get a picture of the dust , smoke and cloud cover in the area . Using the space-based version of the instrument , for instance , NASA scanned the October wildfires , finding plumes extending as high as 2-3 miles that created `` the worst air quality ever recorded in many parts of the Bay Area , '' NASA 's CATS team said .
`` The vision is that these types of measurements could be available from space in the next decade , '' said JPL 's Rob Green . `` The resulting information would then be used to develop fuel maps in advance that could be used to make better predictions about where you could mitigate risk by clearing brush and trees . '' CAMAL can also be used by researchers to study cloud formations and learn more about climate change , which is helping fuel the wildfires in the first place .
Our Father , who art in heaven , hallowed be thy Name . Thy kingdom come . THY WILL BE DONE , on earth as it is in heaven . Give us this day our daily bread . And forgive us our trespasses , as we forgive those who trespass against us . And lead us not into temptation , but DELIVER US FROM EVIL .
For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory , forever and ever . Amen †
Advertisements
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu on Wednesday inspected the new coaches of Humsafar Express that boast of additional features and said the railways wanted to further improve the compartments for better passenger experience .
“ Humsafar trains were already good , but we wanted to further improve the design for better passenger experience , ” Prabhu told reporters here .
They said the new coaches of Humsafar trains offer pleasing interiors , passenger announcement system , and auto-vending machines .
The new features include tables for baby nappy changing in two toilets per coach , closed-circuit television and video displays .
Suresh Prabhu will flag off two new Humsafar Express trains on Thursday from Vijaywada in Andhra — the Tirupati-Jammu Tawi , and the Howrah-Vijaywada trains .
The new coaches also have convenient upper-berth climbing arrangement , urinals in two toilets per coach , mobile chargers , and reading LED light for each berth .
The first Humsafar Express was launched on December 16 between Anand Vihar and Gorakhpur . Till date , the railways have introduced six such trains on various routes and others are in the pipeline .
The Minister in their Budget speech of 2016-17 had announced the introduction of Humsafar Express as fully air-conditioned third AC service with optional facility of meals .
PHOENIX — A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the # MeToo movement began because of a lengthy pattern of sexual misconduct is running for office again .
Don Shooter , a Republican expelled from the Arizona House in February , said they filed around 900 signatures Wednesday to seek the GOP nomination for a state Senate seat in the same southern Arizona district they used to serve .
They would n't comment on the circumstances surrounding their expulsion , which came as lawmakers of both parties faced a national reckoning over sexual misconduct that began last fall .
Politicians accused of impropriety have resigned , been stripped of leadership posts and faced other repercussions . A Democratic state representative in Colorado also was expelled this year .
Sitting in the lobby of the Arizona secretary of state 's office waiting to file their signatures , Shooter said “ Let 's dance . ”
They said they want to talk about policy issues , such as the water needs of the agricultural industry and public education . Arizona teachers launched an unprecedented statewide strike this year over a lack of education funding .
“ That 's the only thing I miss about being away from here , was the ability to solve problems , ” Shooter said .
Shooter was elected to the Senate in 2010 and moved to the House in 2017 . The lawmaker was known as a politically incorrect jokester who threw booze-fueled parties in their office on the last day of legislative sessions .
A female lawmaker , Rep. Michelle Ugenti-Rita , accused them in November of propositioning them for sex and repeatedly commenting on their breasts . House Speaker J.D . Mesnard ordered an investigation after Shooter accused Ugenti-Rita of having an inappropriate relationship with a staffer , but they were cleared .
Other women soon came forward to accuse Shooter of inappropriate sexual comments or actions .
Shooter eventually apologized for what they called their “ jarring , insensitive and demeaning ” comments but argued that they never sought to touch anyone or have a sexual relationship with them .
An investigative report released prior to their expulsion found they engaged in “ repeated pervasive conduct ( that ) created a hostile work environment for their colleagues and those with business before the Legislature . ”
Shooter filed a $ 1.3 million claim , a precursor to a lawsuit , in April alleging that the governor 's office targeted them because they tried to expose widespread fraud in the state procurement system . It also accused Mesnard of changing House rules on harassment to remove Shooter from their committee chairpersonship and ultimately to force the expulsion vote .
To get on the November ballot , Shooter will have to win the GOP primary . Incumbent state Sen . Sine Kerr , a dairy farmer who was appointed to fill the seat , has filed signatures along with Brent Backus , a conservative who owns a consulting business .
Democrat Michelle Harris , who served in the Air Force for 21 years , also is running for the seat .
——
Associated Press writer Bob Christie contributed to this report .
Sporting Kansas City has traded midfielder Kevin Oliveira and defender Tyler Pasher to Atlanta United FC for forward Kenwyne Jones and goalkeeper Alexander Tambakis .
Sporting KC also sent its second-round pick in next year 's draft to Atlanta while getting back that club 's fourth-round selection in the 2021 draft .
The deal was struck Sunday during Major League Soccer 's half-day trade window .
The 21-year-old Oliveira and the 25-year-old Pasher were developmental players who spent most of last season with Swope Park Rangers , the USL affiliate of Sporting KC . Jones is a longtime Trinidad and Tobago national team member while Tambakis was the first signing in Atlanta United history .
In other moves :
— FC Dallas traded 24-year-old defender Walker Zimmerman to Major League Soccer expansion club Los Angeles Football Club in exchange for $ 500,000 in allocation money and the No . 1 position in the MLS Allocation Ranking .
Zimmerman appeared in 52 games over the past two seasons , scoring five goals . They were Dallas ' leader in minutes on the 2016 team that won the Supporters ' Shield .
Zimmerman debuted with the U.S. national team earlier this year .
LAFC also received FC Dallas ' No . 11 ranking in the MLS Allocation Ranking . And in another deal , it acquired an international player slot for next season from Atlanta United for a fourth-round draft pick .
— The Portland Timbers traded 27-year-old forward Darren Mattocks to D.C. United for a 2018 international roster slot .
— New York City FC traded 32-year-old defender Frederic Brilliant to D.C. United for $ 75,000 in general allocation money and a 2018 international roster spot .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Van Morrison has come up with a simple , and surprisingly effective , way to combat possible writer 's block — recycle old songs and standards with a brand-new approach .
He 's tried it before with “ Duets : Re-Working the Catalogue ” in 2015 and is at it again in “ You 're Driving Me Crazy . ”
This time he 's teamed with Joey DeFrancesco in a supremely relaxed , jazzy workout notable for its easy , almost effortless swing .
This is Morrison when he 's not trying too hard , not looking for new ways to express the emotions captured so brilliantly in their earlier work , simply enjoying the chance to team up with a superb organist and trumpeter to revisit some of their older songs mixed in with a few classics .
They shine on a number of standards , including Cole Porter 's “ Miss Otis Regrets , ” which Morrison personalizes with some distinctive mumbling . By now their vocal tics are so familiar that listeners can feel them trying to find , and stretch out , a moment of bliss .
They reach all the way back to “ Astral Weeks ” for an updated “ The Way Young Lovers Do , ” one of the most evocative pieces from that landmark album . The composition stands the test of the time , and Morrison 's vocal performance meets the challenge , even if he 's decades past the coming-of-age drama depicted in that song .
He 's taking a number of songs originally performed in more of a rock style and put them in a jazz context . The joy they find is clear from the opening moments , and there are several occasions when the sometimes grumpy Morrison laughs with pure delight .
Taking away the pressure of coming up with new masterworks to match “ Into the Mystic ” and “ Moondance ” seems to have liberated Morrison . And , lest ye forget , this man can sing .
Some top sources in the presidency have squealed that President Muhammadu Buhari was not allowed to see their wife , Aisha Buhari , during their recent visit to the United Kingdom , an online outlet said .
Sahara Reporters is quoting the sources as saying that the president has been kept away from several of their aides and even those bodyguards who supposedly traveled with him .
Read full details as published by Sahara Reporters below :
President Muhammadu Buhari was not allowed to see their wife during their recent visit to the United Kingdom , presidency sources informed SaharaReporters on Tuesday . In the stunning disclosure , the sources affirmed that the president has been kept away from several of their aides and even those bodyguards who supposedly traveled with him .
The President 's Chief of Staff , Abba Kyari who also frequents London to take care of himself , is still the manipulator-in-chief , according to the sources .
Furthermore , SaharaReporters learned that Mr. Buhari has not spoken to Acting President Yemi Osinbajo for several weeks following their departure from Abuja for a second round of medical treatment for an undisclosed medical condition suspected to be cancer .
The sources gave the example of Wednesday last week when members of Buhari 's cabal called the Acting President and asked them to await a call from the ailing President , pointing out that no such call was received except one that was just a few seconds of hellos before the person hung up the phone .
SaharaReporters also learned that the public declaration by Orji Uzor Kalu , a former Governor of Abia State , that they met Buhari in London is a complete fabrication as Buhari did not at any time receive the Mr. Kalu , who recently decamped to the president 's All Progressives Congress party . One particular presidency source told SaharaReporters they suspect Kalu was using that gimmick to intimidate the judge who is trying them for corruption , considering that they wore a turban to court a few days later .
Our sources confirmed that Buhari is incommunicado , and is only reached by two aides , Tunde Saburi and Sarki Abba , who have maintained stoic silence about their condition .
It is notable that when Mrs. Buhari returned from their recent trip , they sent messages to their family members in Adamawa claiming their husband was recovering fast but asked for intensification of prayers .
The cabal reportedly reduced access to Buhari in an effort to control information leaks to the public . They cabal reportedly as far as forging Buhari 's signature so as to give the impression that they are still in control even after Buhari themselves had handed over power to their vice , trying to create the impression that they are still in charge .
Mr. Kyari is said to be in charge of all the behind-the-scene moves . It was he , they claimed , who a few days ago passed a fake document to Garba Shehu , one of Buhari 's spokespersons , claiming that Buhari had given Osinbajo the go-ahead to sign the 2017 budget .
According to their account , Osinabjo had already decided on the date they would sign the budget , a decision that was delayed only by a last-minute discussion to include some projects such as the Lagos-Apapa Port road repairs . They said they were not surprised at Mr. Shehu 's fake statement claiming Buhari sent a letter granting the Acting President the right to sign the budget .
Buhari is said to be rather unaware of their environment , their memory somewhat affected . For instance , on their way to the UK , they were said to have asked if they were on their way to Sokoto . Our sources said that the cabal working with Buhari might bring them back the same way they were returned in February , in a scheme to use their presence to perpetrate more fraud and control power .
Entertainment of Monday , 2 January 2017
Source : nigeriafilms.com
2017-01-02
Tonto Dikeh
In light of the recent occurrences of domestic violence , beautiful mum , Tonto Dikeh-Churchill took to Instagram to share this powerful and insightful message . They wrote :
In light of the recent occurrences of domestic violence , beautiful mum , Tonto Dikeh-Churchill took to Instagram to share this powerful and insightful message . They wrote :
“ Is this what Love looks like ? ?
Women we need to step out of the shame box and speak Up for Ourselves , For our Children , For our Self respect ..
This is what a second chance at a violent husband looks like ? ? ?
This is what Close to death looks like ! ! !
Men who do this are Animals no matter how innocent they look or Act ..
Even A dog wldnt Bite it 's owner why then will a human being who begged to marry you do this to you treat you this way ? ? ?
I keep asking violent men if your Mother was beatenUp by their husband or boyfriend What would you do ? ? ?
Would you say they are a woman and deserves it because you are an abuser ? ? ?
Marriage is supposed to be beautiful , honorable and a weapon against the enemy and life challenges but if we do n't get it right it will bring nothing but SHAME .. Women pls be careful and prayerful before running into a mans home , Do n't stay or marry just because want to answer Mrs .. Women we need to start empowering ourselves , holding good jobs and having comfortable bank accounts .. Be financially independent , Be financially Ready and secure .. Half the time we stay in violent relationships Becos we are financially incapable…
women Learn self defense
Women SpeakUp # tontodikehfoundation # Iamavictim # THEN # Dontbeashamed # SPEAKUP # loveisnotenough # Because you have no scare today does n't mean you will survive it the next time .. # Seekhelp # DOTHERIGHTTHING “
KALAMAZOO , Mich. ( AP ) — Thomas Wilder went off for a career-high 38 points — 31 after halftime — as Western Michigan broke away late from Bowling Green in an 89-79 win on Tuesday night , continuing a late-season surge .
Western Michigan ( 10-15 , 6-7 Mid-American Conference ) has won three straight and four of five , rebounding from a four-game losing streak .
Tucker Haymond , 16 points and 10 rebounds , knocked down a jump shot to break a 63-63 tie with 8:07 to play , sparking a 9-0 run for the Broncos over the next two minutes . Bowling Green came as close as four after that , but Wilder closed the game with six straight free throws and a layup .
Wilder finished 11 of 17 from the floor and 15-for-15 shooting at the line .
Western Michigan was 31 of 37 at the free-throw line as Bowling Green was called for a season-high 30 fouls , losing two of their top four scorers .
Rodrick Caldwell led the Falcons ( 11-15 , 5-8 ) with 15 points , Zack Denny and Dylan Frye 13 each .
Comments
comments
WASHINGTON — The Environmental Protection Agency 's inspector general is expanding an inquiry into Administrator Scott Pruitt 's frequent taxpayer-funded travel , the watchdog office said Friday .
The review will now include all travel by Pruitt through Sept. 30 as the office examines whether Pruitt followed EPA travel policies and whether those policies are sufficient to prevent fraud , waste and abuse . Previously , the inspector general was focusing on Pruitt 's travel to their home state of Oklahoma through July 31 .
A spokesperson said Friday the scope of the review was expanded after requests by members of Congress ,
EPA documents show Pruitt and their staff chartered a private plane for an Aug. 4 trip from Denver to Durango , Colorado , to visit the Gold King Mine , site of a spill last year . Pruitt also took three flights on government-owned planes to New York and North Dakota and for a roundtrip between airports in Oklahoma .
Letters released by EPA show the flights cost a total of $ 58,000 and were approved by the agency 's general counsel 's office .
The expanded review came as The Washington Post reported Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao used government planes instead of cheaper commercial airline flights seven times in the past eight months . The revelation was the latest involving Trump administration officials ' use of costly private or military air travel at taxpayers ' expense .
Tom Price resigned as Health and Human Services secretary last week amid criticism of their pattern of using private charter aircraft for official trips on the taxpayer 's dime , instead of cheaper commercial flights .
The Post reported Thursday that Chao used the government planes to fly to Paris for an annual air show and to Sardinia for a meeting of industrialized democracies . Other destinations included cities within an hour 's flight of Washington .
Separately , a report by the Treasury Department 's inspector general says that Secretary Steven Mnuchin did not violate any law in the seven trips they have taken on government airplanes but did fail to provide enough proof of why they needed to use the more expensive modes of travel . Mnuchin 's travel requests included one , later withdrawn , for a government plane for use on their European honeymoon .
The EPA 's inspector general opened an inquiry last month into Pruitt 's frequent taxpayer-funded travel on commercial planes . The Associated Press reported earlier this year that Pruitt often spends weekends at their Tulsa home .
An EPA spokesperson said the trips were warranted .
Democratic Reps. Frank Pallone of New Jersey , Diana DeGette of Colorado and Paul Tonko of New York requested the expanded review , saying Pruitt 's reported use of private aircraft “ is just the latest example of repeated and blatant abuse of taxpayer funds by the Trump administration . ”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
President John Dramani Mahama
President John Mahama has cut sod for the construction of five new ultra-modern district hospitals in Ghana .
The sod-cutting ceremony took place yesterday at Weta in the Ketu North District of the Volta Region .
The sod-cutting signified the start of work on four other projects .
The president told the chiefs and people of Weta that funding has already been secured for the five projects .
“ Parliament has already approved the financing for this hospital project and the contractors are now ready to begin work .
“ The chiefs and people of Weta and surrounding areas in the Ketu North District can now begin a count down towards an ultra modern medical facility to serve the people in this area , ” they said .
They added the hospital is one of five new district hospitals being constructed . The other four are being constructed in Somanya , Buipe , Tolon and Sawla Tuna Kalba Districts .
They said Weta was chosen as the site for the sod cutting for all the five projects .
President Mahama expressed their appreciation to the people of the Volta region for supporting their administration and indicated they will return to show their gratitude .
1 . Traffic apps like Waze and Google Maps might be making traffic worse .
By Robert Sanders at the University of California Berkeley
2 . Could there be a treatment for the social deficits related to autism ?
By Ellen Goldbaum at the University at Buffalo
3 . The information age is over . Welcome to the reputation age .
By Gloria Origgi in Aeon
4 . What can we learn from Einstein 's self-doubt ?
By Kevin Hartnett in Quanta
5 . This technology aims to help teachers decode the thinking of young math students .
By Leslie Morris at the Cornell Chronicle
The Aspen Institute is an educational and policy studies organization based in Washington , D.C .
Announced Today : The @ internetarchive is now emulating handheld toys and games , building on the work of the @ mamedev_org team . These are not `` remakes '' but emulations of the original circuits . Announcement is here : https : //t.co/yuKihutxVs spread the word widely . pic.twitter.com/fCjzNCMFBR — Jason Scott ( @ textfiles ) March 18 , 2018
Archivist Jason Scott explains the painstaking process of emulating these little plastic chunks of joy , explaining the technology behind making sure the various VFD , LCD and LED games are thoroughly scanned and emulated at a high level of verisimilitude .
Scott explains that while most circuit boards containing these games can be read from non-destructively , it can sometimes be necessary ( as with LCD game machines ) to rip the entire thing apart to get all the information off of it . `` To get the information off an LCD game , it has to be pulled apart and all its components scanned , vectorized , and traced to then make them into a software version of themselves , '' writes Scott . `` Among the information grabbed is the LCD display itself , which has a pre-formed set of images that do not overlap and represent every possible permutation of any visual data in the game . ''
Lest anyone wonder about their own favorite titles from the bygone era of LCD handheld gaming , Scott tweeted that more are on the way , as soon as they make sure there are n't any major bugs for individual games .
2 South African communities issue quit notice to Nigerians
The Nigeria Union in South Africa on Wednesday accused two communities in that country of ordering Nigerians residing within their territories to leave . The President of the union , Mr Ikechukwu Anyene , told the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) on telephone from Pretoria that the Kuruman community in Northern Cape Province gave Nigerians till Friday to leave . Anyene also said that the Klaafontein community , Extension 5 , Johannesburg , directed landlords not to renew the rent of Nigerians in the area .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
I love New York , and today Im announcing my candidacy for governor . Join us : https : //t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD
ARLINGTON , Texas — Rangers reliever Tony Barnette has gone on the 10-day disabled list with a right shoulder strain a day after leaving a game in the middle of a batter .
Barnette had an MRI on Wednesday , though the team did n't immediately reveal or know the results of the exam .
Working the eighth inning in a 5-3 loss to the Houston Astros on Tuesday night , their second inning of the game , Barnette felt something different in their shoulder on their first pitch to Marwin Gonzalez . Barnette ( 2-0 ) threw two more pitches before exiting the game .
Texas recalled right-hander Chris Martin from Triple-A Round Rock . Martin was optioned to the minors on Tuesday , but was able to come back before 10 days by replacing a player on the DL .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
( AP Photo/Richard Drew , File ) . FILE- This April 5 , 2018 , file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange . The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday , April 25 .
By MARLEY JAY
AP Markets Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - U.S. stocks are sinking Tuesday as investors fear that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits . The worries began to set in after construction and mining equipment maker Caterpillar said it does n't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of this year . Industrial and basic materials companies and technology firms are taking some of the worst losses . The Dow Jones industrial average was down 500 points in later afternoon trading .
KEEPING SCORE : The S & P 500 index sank 45 points , or 1.7 percent , to 2,625 as of 3:40 p.m. Eastern time . The Dow Jones industrial average was down 509 , or 2.1 percent , to 23,982 . It was down as much as 619 earlier before paring some of its losses . The Nasdaq composite dropped 148 points , or 2.1 percent , to 6,983 .
Small-company stocks held up better than the rest of the market . The Russell 2000 index declined 12 points , or 0.8 percent , to 1,549 , about half as much as the S & P 500 , which tracks large U.S. companies .
INDUSTRIAL WEAKNESS : Caterpillar executives told analysts on a conference call in the late morning that they do n't expect the company to report a larger per-share profit for the rest of the year . The stock dropped 5.6 percent to $ 145.38 .
Caterpillar 's products are used in a wide variety of industries including construction , power generation , mining and oil and gas drilling , which makes the company an important indicator of economic growth . Wall Street had cheered Caterpillar 's results earlier in the day after the company had a strong first quarter and raised its forecasts for the year .
3M , which makes Post-it notes and industrial coatings and ceramics , shed 6.7 percent to $ 201.47 after cutting its annual forecast . 3M said raw materials costs are rising , especially for materials derived from crude oil , whose price has been rising , and transportation and logistics expenses are rising as well . Chemical companies and other materials makers could also see their profits affected as oil prices and other expenses rise .
DowDuPont shed 3.6 percent to $ 63.22 . Elsewhere , aerospace company Boeing lost 3.2 percent to $ 327.95
THE QUOTE : Stocks shot up at the end of 2017 and the start of 2018 as investors bet that the recent corporate tax overhaul would lead to bigger profits for American companies and greater economic growth . Gina Martin Adams , chief equity strategist for Bloomberg Intelligence , said that has n't happened yet .
`` We 're not yet seeing a very strong recovery in the broader economic numbers that would suggest the impact of tax reform is more than just temporary , '' they said . `` The market is very impatient . ''
Adams said the tax cuts may help stocks later on , but investors always want to see better and faster growth , and now they 're not sure where that improvement will come from .
BONDS : The concerns about increased costs also come at a time of rising interest rates , which makes it more expensive for companies to borrow money . Bond prices slipped again Tuesday . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.99 percent from 2.98 percent . Earlier it peaked at 3 percent for the first time since January 2014 .
Low interest rates have played an important role in the economic recovery of the last decade , and the yield on the 10-year note is a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages . It 's been climbing because investors expect greater economic growth and faster inflation .
Since the global financial crisis in 2008-09 , a combination of low inflation expectations and a bond-buying program by the Federal Reserve have helped keep bond yields low , but they have climbed this year as inflation has picked up . The 10-year yield traded at 2.43 percent at the beginning of the year .
MISPRINT : Alphabet slid 5 percent to $ 1,020.22 after the company said ad revenue climbed , but expenses also rose . Google 's parent company benefited from strong digital ad sales as well as an accounting change .
Facebook fell 4 percent to $ 159.27 and Microsoft skidded 2.4 percent to $ 93.10 . Another market favorite , Amazon , shed 3.6 percent to $ 1,462.70 .
RINSE CYCLE : Appliance maker Whirlpool surpassed Wall Street 's expectations in the first quarter . The maker of Maytag and KitchenAid products rose 4.4 percent to $ 156.93 .
CURRENCIES : The dollar edged up to 108.67 yen from 108.65 yen . The euro rose to $ 1.2237 from $ 1.2205 .
ENERGY : Benchmark U.S. crude oil shed 1.4 percent to $ 67.70 a barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , fell 1.1 percent to $ 73.86 per barrel in London .
Wholesale gasoline lost 1.4 percent to $ 2.09 a gallon . Heating oil dipped 0.6 percent to $ 2.13 a gallon . Natural gas rose 1.5 percent to $ 2.78 per 1,000 cubic feet .
METALS : Gold rose 0.7 percent to $ 1,333 an ounce . Silver climbed 0.7 percent to $ 16.70 an ounce . Copper rose 1 percent to $ 3.14 a pound .
OVERSEAS : Germany 's DAX lost 0.2 percent while the French CAC 40 added 0.1 percent and Britain 's FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent . Japan 's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.9 percent , helped by the weaker yen . The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.4 percent and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng added 1.4 percent .
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/marley % 20jay
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Befuddled in Cleveland…
Credit : Jason Miller-Getty Images
American League Division Series , Game 1
Indians 4 , Yankees 0…
Aaron Judge , four strikeouts . That pretty much sums up how it went in Cleveland on Thursday night as the Yankees dropped the first game of the ALDS to the Indians . Their inability to figure out Trevor Bauer does not bode well for tonight when they face likely AL Cy Young Award winner Corey Kluber .
While Bauer was making mincemeat out of the Yankee bats , the Indians got to Sonny Gray early . In the bottom of the 2nd inning , Jay Bruce got the party started for the Indians with a double off the left field wall against Yankees starter Sonny Gray . Carlos Santana followed with a single to center to put runners at the corners . Lonnie Chisenhall was hit by a pitch on their upper arm to load the bases . Gray was able to limit the damage when Roberto Perez hit into a double play at short , but Bruce came home on the play for Cleveland 's first run . Giovanny Urshela flied out to right so Gray escaped a huge jam with minimal damage . Unfortunately , the way Bauer was pitching , the one run deficit felt like the Grand Canyon .
The Indians struck again in the bottom of the 4th . Edwin Encarnacion started the inning with a walk . Jay Bruce , a rumored trade target for the Yankees prior to the trading deadline , came back to haunt their near-employer when they blasted a shot into the right field stands . The Indians had increased their lead to 3–0 .
Credit : Phil Masturzo-Akron Beacon Journal/TNS
Gray walked two of the next three batters to end their night . Adam Warren entered the game and gave up a single to center to load the bases with only one out , but they then struck out the dangerous Francisco Lindor and got Jason Kipnis to fly out to center to escape without any further damage .
Credit : Jason Miller-Getty Images
Meanwhile , with Trevor Bauer still pitching a no-hitter against the Yankees , the Indians got another run in the next inning . Jose Ramirez started it for the Tribe with a single up the middle on a ball that just got by a diving Didi Gregorius . While Edwin Encarnacion was at bat , a wild pitch , a ball in the dirt that Gary Sanchez dropped in front of him , advanced Ramirez to second . Encarnacion flied out to left in foul territory for the first out , and Manager Joe Girardi made the call to the bullpen , bringing in Jaime Garcia to replace Warren . With Jay Bruce batting , another wild pitch , another ball in the dirt that hit Sanchez in the chest and bounced away , allowed Ramirez to take third . Bruce took advantage of the wild pitches to loft a fly to center , scoring Ramirez on the sacrifice . 4–0 , Indians .
In the top of the 6th inning , Chase Headley struck out and the Yankees were still searching for their first hit . Aaron Hicks ended the potential no-no when they doubled to left off the wall . Bauer received a very nice ovation from the crowd . The Yankees could n't do anything with Hicks at second but at least they had finally gotten their first hit on the board .
The Yankees added another hit in the 7th . After Bauer had retired the first two batters , Starlin Castro singled on a grounder to right field . The Indians dipped into their bullpen , bringing former Yankees reliever Andrew Miller into the game to face Greg Bird . The fear when you trade great players is that they 'll one day come back to bite you . Miller was no different with their strikeout of Bird to end the inning .
Despite two strikeouts by Miller in the top of the 8th , the Yankees had two baserunners , courtesy of walks . With Aaron Judge coming to the plate representing an ability to make it a one-run game , Cleveland called on its closer , Cody Allen . Allen proceeded to strike out Judge in the huge spot to end the inning .
In perhaps the lone bright spot for the Yankees , Dellin Betances pitched the bottom of the 8th inning and struck out the side on eleven pitches . It 's a good sign to see Dellin pitching so well even if the odds are against the Yankees in this series .
Credit : Charles Wenzelberg-NY Post
The Yankees had no answer for Allen in the top of the 9th despite Starlin Castro 's second hit of the night ( and only the third Yankee hit of the game ) , a single to right with two outs . Allen struck out Greg Bird on three pitches to end the game and hand the overwhelming advantage in the series to the Tribe .
Credit : Getty Images
It 's hard to find positives in a loss but this could have been a blow out and the Yankees kept the Tribe from any big innings . I 've been down on Jaime Garcia but they did a nice job with 2 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . A few timely hits and the Yankees could have gotten back into this one . The team needs to regroup and hopefully find a way to get their hits tonight against Corey Kluber in Game 2 . They have not fared well against Kluber but clearly the team has the potential to take advantage of mistakes . Everyone can have an off night ( see Sonny Gray ) and the Yankees need to exploit any opportunities they are given . I am sure that the Houston Astros did n't expect to get seven runs off Chris Sale yesterday , including two home runs ( three overall ) by Jose Altuve . CC Sabathia , pitching this evening in their original MLB city , has been the Yankees ' stopper all season . He 'll be asked to step into that role once again . It would be huge if the Yankees could earn a split at Progressive Field before heading back to the Bronx .
Odds & Ends…
The Houston Astros defeated the Boston Red Sox , 8–2 , to take the first game of their series . As noted above , it was a night to forget for Chris Sale . When the Astros acquired Justin Verlander in August , it was clearly a move designed for October . They did n't disappoint , holding the Red Sox to two runs over six innings . No disrespect for Sonny Gray ( or Yu Darvish of the Dodgers ) , but I thought Verlander was the most significant pitching acquisition of the summer .
Credit : Karen Warren-Houston Chronicle
All of the playoff teams will be in action today with the first game ( Red Sox-Astros ) starting at 2:05 pm ET . I hate to go against the Yankees but I think today 's winners will be the home teams ( Indians , Astros , Dodgers and Nationals ) . I would love for the Yankees to prove me wrong .
Have a great Friday ! Let 's steal a win from Kluber . Go Yankees !
We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider , as they have violated our terms of service . — GoDaddy ( @ GoDaddy ) August 14 , 2017
Adding insult to injury , a message has now appeared on Daily Stormer claiming it 's been breached by hacking group Anonymous . `` This site [ is ] now under the control of Anonymous . We have taken this site in the name of Heather Heyer a victim of white supremacist terrorism , '' reads the message . However , it seems the post may be a self-manufactured stunt . An account associated with the hacking group just tweeted that the alleged breach is a `` false flag , '' with the aim of implicating Anonymous in the site 's takedown .
Please Retweet The Following :
DAILY STORMER HACK IS A FALSE FLAG OP BY OWNER ANDREW ANGLIN TO IMPLICATE ANONYMOUS IN Their WEBSITE 'S SHUTDOWN — TheAnonJournal ( @ TheAnonJournal ) August 14 , 2017
GoDaddy is the latest company to recently distance itself from white supremacist users . Just last week , Airbnb canceled a bunch of accounts and bookings associated with the Unite The Right rally . However , as other Twitter users pointed out , it 's surprising it took this long for GoDaddy to take action . To make matters worse , the Southern Poverty Law Center reportedly claims it informed the company about Daily Stormer ( which describes itself as `` The World 's Most Genocidal Republican Website '' ) months ago .
`` If no action is taken after 24 hours , we will cancel the service , '' GoDaddy said in an email to TechCrunch . `` Given this latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act , we believe ... [ it ] could incite additional violence , which violates our terms of service . ''
Hateful publications were n't the only ones in the Twitterverse 's sights this weekend . Users have also been busy identifying those involved in the white supremacist rallies in Charlottesville . A number of individuals were named and shamed , after the @ YesYoureRacist account sent out a call asking for info on the participants . One torch-bearer even allegedly lost their job as a result of the Twitter crusade . And , as clarified by The Washington Post journalist Dave Weigel , the identification of participants at a public rally does n't count as doxing -- therefore , it is n't in violation of Twitter 's terms and conditions .
LEXINGTON , Ky. — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft , while their Wildcats teammate Wenyen Gabriel has decided to turn pro .
The Wildcats are still awaiting Jarred Vanderbilt 's decision on whether the first-year student forward will return to school or remain in the draft .
Washington , who participated in the NBA combine , posted a video on their social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words “ I 'M BACK. ” The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats ' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds in 37 games as a first-year student in 30 starts .
The 6-9 Gabriel was not invited to the combine but said in a video on their Twitter account that after receiving positive feedback , their dreams of being a professional “ are that much closer to reality. ” They averaged 6.8 points and 5.4 rebounds last season .
——
For more AP college basketball coverage : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
FORT JACKSON , S.C. — Military officials say two soldiers are dead and six are hurt after a military vehicle struck them while they were in formation at an Army base in South Carolina .
Fort Jackson officials say two of the six soldiers injured Friday afternoon were in critical condition and all of the soldiers hurt were taken to a hospital off the base near Columbia .
The statement from Fort Jackson called the incident a “ tragic accident , ” but did not give details about where the wreck happened or the type of vehicle involved .
Fort Jackson says the names of the soldiers killed will be released after families are notified .
The Army says it has started a thorough investigation .
Fort Jackson is the Army 's largest training instillation , with more than 50,000 recruits assigned there each year .
ViaBTC Enables BIP148 Futures Trading on Their Recently Launched Exchange
The upcoming BIP148 activation August 1st is a monumental moment in Bitcoin 's history . At that time , we will know who fully supports SegWit and who does n't . It remains unclear if the BIP148 chain will get enough mining support to sustain itself , though . ViaBTC , which recently launched a cryptocurrency trading platform , is launching BIP148 futures contracts . … Continue reading ViaBTC Enables BIP148 Futures Trading on Their Recently Launched Exchange
The post ViaBTC Enables BIP148 Futures Trading on Their Recently Launched Exchange appeared first on NEWSBTC .
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The University of Minnesota 's student government is advising students who “ feel like ” they have encountered “ bias ” to “ trust your gut ” and file a bias report .
“ The best [ sic ] way to determine bias is your own feelings—if you feel like you may have experienced something that was wrong , then you likely have , ” states an advertisement for the school 's Bias Response Referral Network on the Minnesota Student Association ( MSA ) website .
`` It 's important to trust your gut when it comes to recognizing bias . ''
[ RELATED : University tells students to dial 9-1-1 over bias incidents ]
“ It 's important to trust your gut when it comes to recognizing bias , ” the website adds , noting that it “ may also help to talking [ sic ] it over with trusted colleagues , friends , family , or others who may help ... determine whether or not the incident was based on bias . ”
Notably , when asking students if they think they have “ experienced an incident of bias , ” the MSA only offers the options of “ Yes ” and “ I 'm unsure , ” excluding a “ no ” answer to the question and encouraging those who “ feel like ” they have been the subject of a bias incident to report it to the Bias Response Referral Network .
“ Such incidents undermine the university 's efforts toward equity and inclusivity , ” the network 's website explains . “ They limit our community 's ability to excel in our teaching and learning , our research , and our service to our communities and state . ”
Notably , the MSA has deemed “ promoting an inclusive campus ” to be one of its top five initiatives , saying that “ in light of recent events in the national climate , ” it remains “ committed to supporting an inclusive campus for all people . ”
[ RELATED : University lowers ‘ Civility Flag ' to mourn bias incidents ]
“ This includes urging the university to uphold the safety of undocumented and non-citizen students and working with administrators to protect student communities in the future , ” the MSA makes clear , noting that it will continue to advocate for “ the BRIDGE Act to extend DACA . ”
“ We will continue to find ways to support and protect our peers , classmates , and friends in our community , and listen to students ' concerns regarding these issues , ” it concludes .
Follow the author of this article on Twitter : @ AGockowski
NICOSIA , Cyprus ( AP ) — The Cyprus Cooperative Bank says it 's looking for investors to buy up the lender either in whole or in part .
The bank said Monday it has appointed Citigroup Global Markets to look for investors as part of its strategic plan .
The deadline for expressions of interest is March 29 .
The bank is 77-percent state-owned and is the leader in the amount of deposits held by Cypriots .
But it 's weighed down by bad loans — more than 58 percent of the total .
That was a consequence of a 2013 banking crisis that forced Cyprus to accept a rescue deal that included a seizure of unsecured deposits in the country 's two largest lenders .
Finance Minister Harris Georgiades said the move would help rebuild confidence and credibility in the bank .
TAMPA , Fla. ( AP ) – Steven Stamkos set up the go-ahead goal in their return from a right knee injury and the Tampa Bay Lightning beat the Florida Panthers 5-3 on Friday night in the season opener for both teams .
Stamkos missed the final 65 games last season with a torn meniscus in the knee , an injury that required surgery . They sent a pass from the left circle through the slot to Vladislav Namestnikov , who put Tampa Bay up 3-2 from near the post 59 seconds into the final period during a power play .
Roberto Luongo turned aside Stamkos ' shot from the slot late in the second .
Ondrej Palat had two goals , and Brayden Point and Nikita Kucherov also scored for the Lightning . Andrei Vasilevskiy made 33 saves .
Florida got goals from Connor Brickley Mark Pysyk and Jonathan Huberdeau , and Luongo stopped 20 shots . New Panthers Bob Boughner took the loss in their NHL coaching debut .
Kucherov extended the Tampa Bay advantage to 4-2 at 6:38 of the third .
Huberdeau cut it to 4-3 with 5 1/2 minutes to play , but Palat secured Tampa Bay 's win with a late empty-netter .
Shortly after Vasilevskiy made an in-close save on Aleksander Barkov , Palat opened the scoring on a backhander at 6:33 of the first .
Point made it 2-0 25 seconds into the second .
Brickley , positioned just outside the crease , pulled Florida to 2-1 midway through the second off a nifty pass by Alex Petrovic .
The Panthers tied it at 2 on Pysyk 's goal with 2:13 left in the second .
Lightning right wing Ryan Callahan , who missed 64 games last season because of a hip injury , also was in the lineup .
NOTES : Tampa Bay D Jake Dotchin , limited to one preseason game after violating an undisclosed team rule , was scratched . … Florida RW Owen Tippett , taken 10th overall in this year 's draft , did n't play . The move allows the 18-year old additional time to prepare for their NHL debut , which should come in the near future . … There were six slashing penalties . The NHL is cracking down this season on that infraction .
UP NEXT
The teams meet again Saturday night in the Panthers ' home opener .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
By MARILYNN MARCHIONE
AP Chief Medical Writer
You hear it whenever someone gets sick or dies soon after losing a spouse : Was it because of a broken heart ? Stress might not be to blame for former President George H.W . Bush 's hospitalization a day after their wife 's funeral , but it does the body no favors , and one partner 's health clearly affects the other 's .
A sudden shock can trigger a heart attack or something like it called broken heart syndrome . Some studies also have found that people are more likely to die soon after losing a longtime spouse .
But often the timing is mere coincidence , and `` broken heart '' speculation just fuels a neat narrative when the problem is unsurprising in an older person with underlying health issues .
In any case , the death of a loved one is a dangerous time for the surviving spouse , said Dr. Nieca Goldberg , a cardiologist at NYU Langone Medical Center and an American Heart Association spokesperson .
`` It 's really important to have a lot of other support around you , '' they said . `` When people are depressed after something like this happens , they may not be eating , they may ignore symptoms and want to be stoic . They 're certainly stressing and may not be getting enough rest . All of these things can set the stage for life-threatening conditions . ''
ABOUT BUSH
Bush , who will turn 94 in June , has been hospitalized since Sunday with sepsis , an infection that spread to their bloodstream , probably from bacteria . It 's a serious condition at any age , but they are said to be responding to treatments and recovering .
Stress weakens the immune system and can make infections harder to fend off , said several doctors not involved in their care . But Bush needs a wheelchair because of a form of Parkinson 's disease and has been hospitalized before for pneumonia and other infections .
It 's possible they ignored early signs of infection during the flurry of preparations for Barbara Bush 's funeral , said James Giordano , a Georgetown University neurologist and expert on stress 's effects on the body .
`` It could be something as simple as that ; inattention led to an escalation of signs and symptoms , '' they said . `` He 's old , there 's no good way to put it , '' so medical problems and risks are magnified by stress .
Stress has three stages , Giordano said : alarm , when the body releases `` fight or flight '' chemicals that can do damage ; a resistance stage , like `` calling out all the troops '' to deal with the stress ; and then fatigue or a letdown stage , when some of the body 's defenses may crash from the strain .
Even if a partner 's death is anticipated - as Barbara Bush 's was after they decided to focus on comfort care - `` facing and going through the reality of the event '' is stressful , they said .
JUMPING TO CONCLUSIONS
Stress and a broken heart sometimes may get too much blame , though , when people are grieving .
Country music star Johnny Cash died four months after their wife , June Carter Cash , did in 2003 . They were 73 and died of complications following heart valve surgery . They were 71 when they died of problems related to diabetes and had a neurological disease for years before that .
`` Broken heart '' was widely speculated when Debbie Reynolds died a day after their actor-daughter , Carrie Fisher , did in 2016 . An autopsy later showed that Reynolds , 84 , died of a blood vessel that ruptured and caused bleeding in their brain - a kind of stroke . They also had high blood pressure and other serious medical problems for several years before that .
___
Marilynn Marchione can be followed on Twitter : @ MMarchioneAP
___
This Associated Press series was produced in partnership with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute 's Department of Science Education . The AP is solely responsible for all content .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Connecticut 's average gas price today is $ 2.48 , three cents higher than this time last week . Compared to this time last year , average prices are $ .24 cents higher .
Nationally , average prices have increased for 20 consecutive days with today 's price of $ 2.41 , $ .02 cents higher than this time last week ; and $ .30 cents higher than this time last year .
Average prices typically increase this time of year with the onset of the summer drive season , warmer weather and the conversion to more expensive summer blends . This year contributing to that increase are reports of possible extended production cuts by OPEC and a decline in oil inventories that American motorists have enjoyed over the last year or so .
AAA 's weekly survey of prices in Connecticut 's four regional areas as follows :
Greater Bridgeport/Stamford $ 2.54
New Haven/Meriden $ 2.46
Greater Hartford $ 2.46
New London/Norwich $ 2.47
Statewide average $ 2.48
Today , South Carolina continues to register the lowest average in the nation at $ 2.13 , followed by Mississippi at $ 2.08 . Hawaii continues to lead the nation with the highest prices at $ 3.06 , followed by California at $ 3.01 . Connecticut has moved down to 13th place from 12th as the state with the highest prices in the nation .
AAA Northeast is a not-for-profit auto club with 61 offices in Rhode Island , Massachusetts , Connecticut , New Jersey , New Hampshire and New York , providing more than 2 million local AAA members with travel , insurance , finance , and auto-related services .
Previous studies of cellphone users had found little reason for concern , but the newest research took a closer look at the effects of super-high doses in animals to address some lingering questions . ( Source : Raycom Media )
By SETH BORENSTEIN AND LAURAN NEERGAARD
Associated Press
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Two government studies that bombarded rats and mice with cellphone radiation found a weak link to some heart tumors , but federal regulators and some scientists say do n't worry - it is safe to use your device . They still do .
Previous studies of cellphone users had found little reason for concern , but the newest research took a closer look at the effects of super-high doses in animals to address some lingering questions that could not be tested on humans .
The rat study released Friday found a small increase in an unusual type of heart tumor in male rats , but there were no significant problems in female rats or in a separate study of mice . In particular , scientists could not find hard evidence for concern about brain tumors .
The lead author of the research , John Bucher of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences , is not changing their cellphone use or advising their family to .
`` I am actually holding my cellphone up to my ear , '' Dr. Otis Brawley , the American Cancer Society 's chief medical officer , said in an interview after reading the studies .
The rodent studies do not reflect real-life cellphone use , they cautioned .
`` These draft reports are bound to create a lot of concern , but in fact they wo n't change what I tell people . The evidence for an association between cellphones and cancer is weak . And so far , we have not seen a higher cancer risk in people . But if you 're concerned about this animal data , wear an earpiece . ''
The findings about the rare nerve-tissue tumor discovered in the hearts of male rats do not translate directly into a concern for humans , Bucher stressed .
Bucher 's agency conducted the $ 25 million study at the behest of the Food and Drug Administration , which quickly said cellphones are safe .
`` The current safety limits for cellphones are acceptable for protecting the public health , '' FDA radiation health chief Dr. Jeffrey Shuren said in a statement .
Bucher said typical cellphone use is `` very , very , very much lower than what we studied . ''
Rats and mice were bombarded for nine hours a day for up to two years with a radiation level so high that humans would only experience it briefly , such as when a phone with a weak signal expends more energy searching for a stronger one , Bucher said at a news conference .
`` At best it might be a weak carcinogen . ... if in fact it is a carcinogen , '' they said .
Confusingly , the radiated rats somehow lived longer than comparison rats that were not exposed to cellphone radiation . Bucher said that could be just chance , or it could be that the radiation reduced inflammation in the rats , which in turn decreased the risk of a rat disease .
The toxicology program released preliminary results two years ago and finalized them Friday . The earlier report showed a hint of increased brain tumors in male rats , but the final results did not bear that out .
The new rat study found what it called `` equivocal evidence '' for increases in DNA damage , brain tumors and a few other cancers , but it was not clear that it was related to the cellphones .
`` Evidence of DNA damage was seen in some tissues of some animals , but we do n't feel we have evidence to comment on the biological significance , '' Bucher said .
Still , it was surprising that the rodents did experience a variety of other effects , even if they were not at high enough levels to be considered significant and possibly linked , said Leeka Kheifets , an epidemiology professor at the University of California , Los Angeles , and a former head of radiation studies for the World Health Organization .
`` There is some concern that there is so much activity going on , '' they said , also speaking from a cellphone . But `` it 's not like the sky is falling , a huge effect . Definitely not . ''
The findings failed to reassure longtime critics of cellphone radiation , such as David Carpenter , head of environmental health at the State University of New York in Albany . Carpenter said the studies were not large enough to uncover some rare problems and that the claim of `` equivocal '' findings about brain tumors `` can not be dismissed . ''
`` It 's not anywhere near as dangerous as cigarettes , but is there a real hazard from excessive use ? Yes , '' Carpenter said from a landline .
In 2011 , a working group of the International Agency for Research on Cancer said cellphones are possibly carcinogenic . But numerous studies over the years , before and after that listing , have found little evidence of a problem .
Among the largest studies , a 2010 analysis in 13 countries found little or no risk of brain tumors , with a possible link in the heaviest users that the study 's authors found inconclusive . And a large Danish study that linked phone bills to a cancer registry found no risk even from more than 13 years of cellphone use , according to the latest update in 2007 .
In December , the state of California put out a guide on how people could reduce exposure to radiofrequency from cellphones if they 're worried , such as using earphones or texting instead .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
SALT LAKE CITY — More than 30,000 people crowded to Zion National Park in a single day over Memorial Day weekend as the iconic red-rock landscape at the already crowded park remains highly popular .
The Deseret News reports that some visitors waited an hour and a half to ride the shuttle in the popular park . Visitation Zion has spiked by 60 per cent increase over the last decade , and most people crowd to Zion Canyon , a 6-mile corridor along the Virgin River .
Arches and Canyonlands also drew big holiday-weekend crowds . Superintendent Kate Cannon says the steady surge in visitors is hard on national resources as well as staffers and tourists .
Some of Chute 's finest insights involve superheroes , and I was particularly taken with their observation that “ a significant feature of the very notion of comics for grown-ups is a rejection of the idealization of men in tights ( and women in leotards ) . ” Both that claim and their interest in comics primarily as an auteurist enterprise are in contrast to the mainstream preoccupations of Reed Tucker 's “ Slugfest : Inside the Epic 50-Year Battle Between Marvel and DC. ” As their subtitle indicates , their book largely concerns the two historically dominant companies in American comics , which they characterize as “ the Coke and Pepsi of spandex. ” A former features writer at The New York Post , Tucker embraces this dominance and effectively treats comics as a synonym for superhero comics , its most famous genre .
For the most part , Tucker tracks the company histories of DC and Marvel , how each came into existence , how they were different and how they were the same . DC was stuffier ; Marvel looser , ostensibly hipper and finally more in tune with the young adult audience than DC . A lot of this history has been covered elsewhere , as the book 's bibliography indicates . As a writer , Tucker tends to get swept up in details and there 's a lot about rotating company personnel and when various superheroes hit covers solo and in groups ( The Avengers # 1 , September 1963 , Iron Man , Thor , etc . ) , only to be retired , transformed into villains , taken off the shelf and then exhumed for a newly launched series .
Photo
Tucker occasionally turns a nice phrase , as when they help explain Marvel 's impact on the comic-book world , writing that by comparison , at the stodgy old DC , “ Robert 's Rules of Order was their greatest supervillain. ” Having defined the superhero field decades earlier , DC was “ still aiming at little kids ” in the late 1960s , profoundly failing to grasp the generational culture divide that Marvel exploited so successfully . Now , each company has been absorbed by larger media conglomerates — Marvel is owned by the Walt Disney Company and DC Comics is part of Time Warner — which brand and sell their comics every which way , including in endless big-screen franchises .
Chute suggests that the popularity of Marvel 's and DC Comics ' superhero movies factors into the popularity and legitimacy of comics in the mainstream . That may be the most positive effect the big screen 's Iron Man , Superman and the rest of their brethren have had on the world . Superhero movies have been a major force at the box office since 2005 , when “ Batman Begins ” resurrected a moribund series , inaugurating the current , seemingly unending superhero-branded cinema . This supremacy can be dispiriting , especially given that the big studios often seem uninterested in making other types of movies , which has led to grim considerations about the very future of film . As I write , five out of this year 's top 10 grossing domestic releases are superhero fantasies .
I 'm not sure that Chute answers the metaphysical question posed by the title of their book ; it hardly matters . “ Why Comics ? , ” like its subject , encourages you to fill in the blanks and ask your own questions . In addition to sending me to my modest comics library , their references to visual culture also sent me racing down a nice twisty rabbit hole . They raise the topic of visual culture more generally in their discussion of how disaster is represented in comics and what they call “ the media spectacle ” of Sept. 11 , a date that , as they write , “ ushered in a new , intensified global visual culture heavily invested in articulating — and often actually documenting — disaster and violence . ”
Chute does n't distinguish among the types of images that make the present what they call “ the most visually amplified era in recent memory , ” with its “ videos , GIFs , digital photographs and myriad visual interfaces online. ” Yet while many images that flow around us are visually amplified ( 3D , IMAX ) much of this amplification is dedicated to photographic representation . New technologies , in turn , are often focused on the intensification of visual verisimilitude ( virtual and augmented reality ) . We are inundated with the banal ( cat videos ) and the horrific ( atrocity imagery ) ; we are flooded with a nonstop visual stream that I think of as the 24/7 movie . Perhaps , in part , the popularity of comics that Chute rightly celebrates is a reaction to our fatigue with certain aspects of this inundation .
This too is why Chute 's often lovely , sensitive discussions of individual expression in independent comics seem so right and true . Them ideas about the utopian promise of comics — and , by extension , popular culture — can feel overstated when they refer to the “ democracy of forms and types of media ” at conventions like Comic-Con ( where big companies dominate ) or in superhero movies ( “ Economically , it seems to work to everybody 's benefit ” ) . Far more persuasive are their discussions of the artist 's hand — the shakiness of Aline Kominsky-Crumb 's line , the crosshatching of their husband , Robert , the rigorously controlled quality of Charles Burns 's drawings . It 's here that Chute finds “ the grain of individual experience , ” locating the touch of the human that reaches and sometimes flies off the page .
Photo
President Trump announced on Monday that the moon would be the next destination for American astronauts , putting the Oval Office 's imprimatur on what other administration officials have said for months .
“ It marks a first step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 , for long-term exploration and use , ” Mr. Trump said during a brief ceremony at the White House , where they signed what the White House called Space Policy Directive 1 .
“ This time , we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprints , ” Mr. Trump said . “ We will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars , and perhaps someday , to many worlds beyond . ”
Attendees included Harrison Schmitt , one of the astronauts on Apollo 17 , the last piloted mission to the moon .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Today we pledge they will not be the last , ” Mr. Trump said .
The directive , which came on the 45th anniversary of Apollo 17 's landing on the moon , calls for collaboration with commercial companies and other nations , but it did not specify when the moon mission would occur or how much it might cost .
Photo
These details may emerge in February when the administration 's proposal for fiscal year 2019 is released .
BRISTOL , TN ( WJHL ) – The first baby born at Bristol Regional Medical Center in 2017 has arrived .
Norton , VA couple , Sheena and Patrick Fisher , welcomed a healthy baby boy named , Boston James Fisher , just hours after midnight .
The couple had to leave a family wedding early when Sheena 's water broke .
Nearly 30 people packed the waiting room to wait for the arrival of the couple 's first baby .
“ It 's surreal to think that we are parents and we get to take them home , so we are just so excited , we 're very excited . We could n't have asked for a better blessing or for them to come in the way that they did , ” Sheena Fisher said .
Boston came in at just under 8 pounds and 20 inches long . Sheena and Boston are doing well and they hope to welcome them home early this week .
“ I do n't think that White House has a chance of functioning properly as long as there 's a resident lunatic fringe , ” said Mark Salter , a longtime adviser to Senator John McCain , saying they did not know whether Mr. Bannon is prejudiced , but that they seem at best willing to “ tolerate something that 's intolerable ” in Mr. Trump 's base .
Mr. Bannon also has several admirers , including Representative Mark Meadows , the North Carolina Republican and the chairperson of the House Freedom Caucus , who said that without Mr. Bannon , “ there is a concern among conservatives that Washington , D.C. , will influence the president in way that moves them away from those voters that put them in the White House . ”
And Representative Steve King , Republican of Iowa and an immigration hard-liner , said that shoving out Mr. Bannon would leave conservatives “ crushed . ”
Mr. Bannon , who adamantly rejects claims that they are a racist or a sympathizer of white supremacists , is in trouble with John F. Kelly , a retired Marine general and the new White House chief of staff . Mr. Kelly has told Mr. Trump 's top staff that they will not tolerate Mr. Bannon 's shadowland machinations , according to a dozen current and former Trump aides and associates with knowledge of the situation .
Mr. Bannon 's alleged crimes : Leaking nasty stories about General McMaster and other colleagues they deem insufficiently populist , feuding bitterly with Mr. Trump 's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , and creating their own cadre within the West Wing that operates outside the chain of command .
One of their main sins in the eyes of the president is appearing to revel in the perception that they are the mastermind behind the rise of a pliable Mr. Trump . The president was deeply annoyed at a Time magazine cover article that described Mr. Bannon as the real power and brains behind the Trump throne . Mr. Trump was equally put off by a recent book , “ Devil 's Bargain , ” by the Atlantic magazine writer Joshua Green , which lavished credit for Mr. Trump 's election on Mr. Bannon .
Others say Mr. Bannon 's continued presence in the White House is not serving the president 's interests .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ He 's got to move more into the mainstream , he 's got to be more into where the moderates are and the independents are , ” said Mr. Scaramucci , referring to the president , in an interview on Sunday on ABC 's “ This Week . '' “ And so if they do that , he 'll have a very successful legislative agenda that he 'll be able to execute . And if they do n't do that , you 're going to see inertia and you 're going to see this resistance from more of the establishment senators that they need to curry favor with. ” Mr. Scaramucci is on friendly terms with Mr. Kushner .
Others say the problem is not Mr. Bannon 's closeness to the far right , it is that they have not done enough for them .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day , delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ I do think he 's in trouble , but it 's trouble of their own making , ” said Roger J . Stone Jr. , Mr. Trump 's sometimes adviser , who has publicly criticized Mr. Bannon as ineffective . “ I do n't know why conservatives would be upset about them being fired . They have not delivered for them . ”
Top administration officials like to joke that working for Mr. Trump is like toiling in the court of Henry VIII . Mick Mulvaney , the president 's budget director , recently handed out copies of the play “ A Man for all Seasons , ” about the last years of Sir Thomas More , Henry 's religiously zealous chancellor , who was executed for failing to fulfill their monarch 's directive to get them a divorce from Anne Boleyn . Mr. Bannon read it , according to a person familiar with the situation , and was amused when an associate compared them to More .
From the start , Mr. Bannon , 63 , has told people in their orbit that they never expected to last in their current position longer than eight months to a year , and hoped to ram through as much of their agenda as they could while they stood in the president 's favor . More recently they have told friends that they are working in the White House one day at a time , and constantly asks themselves whether they could better pursue their to-do list — including cracking down on legal and illegal immigration — on the outside .
But the choice might not be his . At a recent dinner at the White House with Mr. Kushner and Mr. Kelly , before Mr. Trump decamped for a working vacation at their private golf club in Bedminster , N.J. , the president listened while one of the guests , Mr. Murdoch , a founder of Fox News , said Mr. Bannon had to go .
Mr. Trump offered little pushback , according to a person familiar with the conversation , and vented their frustrations about Mr. Bannon . Mr. Murdoch is close to Mr. Kushner , who has been in open warfare with Mr. Bannon since the spring .
But Mr. Trump has expressed similar sentiments in the past , then backed off . Just a week earlier , as Mr. Trump ruminated on whether to dismiss their chief of staff at the time , Reince Priebus , they were pushed by Mr. Kushner and others to dismiss Mr. Bannon as well . Mr. Trump signaled to allies that they were pretty much there .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Someone — people close to the situation are still unsure whether it was initiated by Mr. Bannon or their cadre of administration allies — mustered a counteroffensive . Mr. Meadows reached out to the president and told them that they would lose their base without Mr. Bannon .
Mr. Bannon 's ability to hang on as Mr. Trump 's in-house populist is in part because of their connections to a handful of ultrarich political patrons , including Sheldon G. Adelson , the pro-Israel , Las Vegas-based casino magnate .
They are especially close to the reclusive conservative billionaire Robert Mercer and their daughter , Rebekah , who is a frequent sounding board for Mr. Bannon . In April , Mr. Mercer received assurances from Mr. Trump that they were not about to fire Mr. Bannon over their war with Mr. Kushner and moderates like Gary D. Cohn , the chairperson of the National Economic Council and a top Trump adviser .
But Mr. Trump still publicly flayed Mr. Bannon , insulting them as a guy “ who works for me. ” It was a far cry from the lofty status Mr. Bannon enjoyed when they joined Mr. Trump 's faltering campaign in August 2016 , when as a rich former investment banker they enjoyed the status of a near-peer and hell-raiser who shared their candidate 's daredevil approach to politics .
Mr. Bannon has not fared well in West Wing politics . Their bonds with the president seem to be fraying daily , and Mr. Bannon has told friends their status as “ staff ” — compared with Mr. Kushner 's familial relationship with the president — will ultimately dictate their departure . But they have been adamant in maintaining that their loyalty to Mr. Trump will survive , and has suggested that they might direct their energies at creating a movement to challenge mainstream Republicans too timid to pursue the president 's agenda , like Speaker Paul D. Ryan .
Mr. Bannon 's cause is being damaged , people close to the president say , by a war they are waging against General McMaster . It has taken on a life of its own , with several alt-right websites faithful to Mr. Bannon tearing into the national security adviser .
Mr. Bannon , through a spokesperson , denied they have had anything to do with the campaign against General McMaster , and said they have tried unsuccessfully to stem the tide of negative news stories about thee national security adviser , whom they believe to be prodding the president toward possible war with North Korea and Venezuela . But other White House aides have noted that Mr. Bannon has not publicly rebuked the websites over the stories .
At the least , they are also no longer Mr. Trump 's indispensable man . Mr. Bannon 's protégé , chief speechwriter and policy director , Stephen Miller , shares their populist agenda — centered around a controversial immigration crackdown — and has become one of the president 's favorite aides . Despite their image in the news media as a confrontational ideologue , Mr. Miller has proved to be a deft operator who has ingratiated themselves to Mr. Kushner .
Still , Mr. Bannon is a survivor . They have been left for dead before . Mr. Trump is mercurial , and can easily change their mind .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This spring , as Mr. Kushner pressured Mr. Trump to fire Mr. Bannon , the president shot back at their son-in-law . They were not going to get rid of him , they said , just because Mr. Kushner wanted them to go .
STOCKHOLM — Finland 's president , 69-year-old Sauli Niinisto , has announced the birth of a son .
It 's been a busy week for the Finnish head of state , who won re-election in a landslide victory Sunday and was sworn into office for a second six-year term Thursday before their second wife gave birth to a healthy boy on Friday evening .
The president 's office said their spouse , Jenni Haukio , and the infant were doing well , adding that Niinisto was present during the delivery . The couple was married in 2009 .
Niinisto 's post on Facebook announcing the birth drew thousands of messages of congratulations in the first hour alone .
The president has two adult sons from their first marriage that ended in the 1990s when their wife died in a car accident .
FORT WORTH , Texas — No . 10 Texas Tech had firm control of its game at TCU before top-scoring guard Keenan Evans even took a shot .
“ It was n't odd at all . I felt like I was making the right passes , and the team was rolling and making shots , ” Evans said . “ When we 're winning , that 's all I care about . ”
Jarret Culver scored 12 of their 20 points before halftime , including consecutive 3-pointers in an early 18-0 run , as the Red Raiders beat TCU 83-71 on Saturday for their fourth straight victory and a share of the Big 12 Conference lead .
Desmond Bane 's three-point play for TCU tied the game at 9 before the big run the next 4 minutes by Texas Tech ( 19-4 , 7-3 Big 12 ) , which started the second half of league play by matching Kansas atop the standings after the Jayhawks lost at home earlier Saturday against Oklahoma State .
“ To me , I 've always said the conference race does n't really start until February , so we 're 1-0 in the Big 12 and we 'll see what happens this month , ” coach Chris Beard said .
“ That 's something we 've been thinking about since the summer , ” Evans said about a possible Big 12 title before making their coach 's point clear . “ We 're more thinking the next game . We 're not trying to think past anybody . ”
Evans entered the game as Tech 's top scorer , and second in the Big 12 behind Oklahoma first-year student Trae Young , at 18.6 points per game . Their first shot against TCU did n't come until there were 6 1/2 minutes left in the first half , and their first make 2 minutes later was a 3-pointer for a 37-18 lead .
“ We have a lot of players that can create and Keenan , they were creating well for the other players in opening up stuff , ” said Culver , Tech 's hometown first-year student guard .
“ Their other guys in transition and open shots … give them credit for other guys making shots , ” TCU coach Jamie Dixon said . “ I think we left the other guys open so ( Evans ) did n't have to shoot it . That was n't the game plan . ”
Evans still finished with 17 points and six assists , while Zhaire Smith had 12 points .
Vladimir Brodziansky led TCU with 18 points , while Bane had 13 . Kenrich Williams had 12 points and 13 rebounds .
The Red Raiders led 48-24 at halftime after Evans made a buzzer-beating jumper , just three days after their winning shot against Texas at the end of overtime .
“ They really played as they 've been playing , defence and guarded , and took good shots and were patient , ” Dixon said . “ And on the other end , we were the exact opposite , so we got what we deserved . ”
BIG PICTURE
Texas Tech : The Red Raiders have surpassed last year 's win total of 18 with a month left in the regular season . They already have a win at Kansas , and host both the Jayhawks and No . 12 Oklahoma in February .
TCU : The Horned Frogs have alternated wins and losses for three straight weeks since starting point guard Jaylen Fisher 's season-ending left knee injury . But they had n't been outplayed like this all season . Their first six losses had been by a combined 19 points , an average of 3.2 per game .
“ I did n't see this coming , ” Dixon said .
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Texas Tech surely will stay in the Top 10 , and likely move up , when the new AP poll comes out Monday . It will be the fourth time in five weeks the Red Raiders are in the Top 10 . The only other time they were ranked in Top 10 four times in the same season was the final four polls in 1995-96 , when the Southwest Conference champs made it to the Sweet 16 and finished 30-2 .
SLOW STARTERS
“ Our energy was low from the jump , ” Bane said . “ It 's just something we have to find within ourselves . It 's a toughness thing . … We 've just got to come together and come ready to play from the jump . ”
UP NEXT
Texas Tech goes home to play Iowa State on Wednesday night , the third of four straight weeks with midweek games at home .
TCU plays another Top 10 team , going to No . 7 Kansas on Tuesday night . The Jayhawks held on for an 88-84 win in Fort Worth on Jan. 6 .
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
WASHINGTON — The Latest on President Donald Trump and special counsel Robert Mueller 's investigation ( all times local ) :
3:30 p.m .
President Donald Trump is adding a new lawyer to their legal team in the Russia investigation .
Joseph diGenova , a former United States attorney for the District of Columbia , is scheduled to join the team later this week .
DiGenova has been outspoken in their defence of Trump . They have publicly discussed what they believe is a “ brazen plot ” to exonerate Hillary Clinton in the email investigation and to “ frame ” Trump with a “ falsely created crime . ”
DiGenova 's addition comes at a sensitive moment in special counsel Robert Mueller 's Russia probe , as Trump 's attorneys weigh whether Trump should submit to an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller and under what terms .
DiGenova will work with Trump 's other lawyers in the Russia investigation , John Dowd and Jay Sekulow .
——
2:25 p.m .
The White House is continuing to deny that President Donald Trump is looking to oust special counsel Robert Mueller .
Spokesman Hogan Gidley tells reporters aboard Air Force One that , “ there are no conversations or discussions about removing ” Mueller .
And they say Trump 's recent tweets criticizing Mueller 's team are part of their “ well-established frustration for more than a year this has been going on . ”
Trump this weekend lashed out at Mueller on Twitter for the first time by name . Some congressional Republicans feared that was a signal Trump might be considering firing Mueller . On Monday Trump called the probe “ a total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest ! ”
Gidley says Trump “ believes this is the biggest witch hunt in history . ”
Trump can not directly fire Mueller . Any dismissal would have to be carried out by deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein .
—-
1:24 a.m .
The White House says President Donald Trump is n't thinking or talking about firing special counsel Robert Mueller .
That 's the word from White House lawyer Ty Cobb in a statement late Sunday after a series of Trump tweets revived chatter that the frustrated president may be preparing to have Mueller fired .
Mueller is investigating whether Trump 's actions , including last year 's ouster of FBI Director James Comey , amount to obstruction of justice .
Trump believes the probe is biased against him , a point they made clear in weekend tweets that jabbed Mueller directly .
Cobb says : “ In response to media speculation and related questions being posed to the Administration , the White House yet again confirms that the President is not considering or discussing the firing of the Special Counsel , Robert Mueller . ”
ATHENS , Greece — Dimitris Pelkas scored twice as PAOK thrashed Panathinaikos 4-0 Sunday in the Greek league .
Pelkas scored in the eight minute with a swerving long-range shot and made it 2-0 in the 51st from close up after evading three defenders .
Efthimis Coulouris added a penalty in the 67th and Aleksandar Prijovic completed the rout in the 78th .
Panathinaikos lost Emanuel Insua to a second yellow card in the 66th for handling the ball inside the area , just before PAOK 's third goal . Ten minutes later , PAOK 's Robert Mak was dismissed for pushing an opponent .
Second-place PAOK is a point behind leader Olympiakos and one point ahead of Atromitos and AEK . Atromitos beat Levadiakos 1-0 , and AEK hosts Kerkyra on Monday .
Also , Asteras won 3-1 at Apollon , and Lamia drew 1-1 at Giannena .
By LINDSEY TANNER
AP Medical Writer
CHICAGO ( AP ) - Children with a rare , incurable disease that causes rapid aging and early death may live longer if treated with an experimental drug first developed for cancer patients , a study suggests .
The small , preliminary study is n't proof the drug works and it found only a small benefit : Treated children with the disease progeria were more likely than others to survive during the two-year study . But some kids taking the drug in this and other studies have lived into their late teens . Researchers and others say the results suggest a potential breakthrough for a heartbreaking condition that typically kills kids before they reach adulthood .
`` Anything we can do to try to provide them hope of a longer life is well worth doing and well worth celebrating , '' said Dr. Francis Collins , director of the National Institutes of Health , who was not part of the new study . A geneticist , Collins led laboratory experiments that in 2003 identified the genetic basis for the disease , formally known as Hutchinson-Gilford progeria .
Among 27 children with progeria who got the drug lonafarnib , one died during the 2007-2010 study . That 's compared with nine of 27 untreated children with the disease . Thirteen of the treated children are still alive ; most began taking other experimental drugs too .
`` For the first time ever we have a drug that is shown to extend lifespan for children with progeria , '' said lead author Dr. Leslie Gordon of Brown University . Them son was a study participant and died in 2014 at age 17 .
The results were published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
The study , conducted at Boston Children 's Hospital , was unusually designed , comparing children given the drug with other progeria patients worldwide who were n't enrolled in the study . The untreated kids were matched as closely as possible with study participants by age , gender and other characteristics , but they were n't a standard control group and did n't receive dummy medication .
That design weakens the study conclusions , said Dr. Howard Worman , a Columbia University biologist . `` You really can not say anything 'worked ' without a contemporary placebo control . ''
The children in the study were also involved in earlier research testing the same drug combined with two others . Within a period of about five years , survival was extended by about 19 months . It was n't clear if all three drugs or just one or two of them contributed to the improvement . Lonafarnib also appeared to reduce blood vessel damage .
Average life expectancy for progeria children is about 14 years . Though many die younger , usually from heart attacks or strokes , some lonafarnib-treated kids have lived to their late teens .
For parents , who want to see their children grow up , that sliver of extra time is a bittersweet blessing .
`` If you 're a mom and you 're told that life expectancy is 13 years , that 1.6 years is gold , '' said Heather Unsinger . Them 7-year-old daughter , Carly , was a study participant and has been taking lonafarnib since age 3 . `` But it 's really hard to jump up and down . ''
Affected children are typically small , bald and fragile-looking but intellectually normal . Carly `` has full-throttle dreams '' and envisions becoming an art teacher one day , their mom said .
Other kids `` always think I 'm a baby , '' Carly said . But `` I 'm a regular kid . ''
Progeria is caused by a mutation in a gene that regulates production of a protein that helps shape and support the nucleus of cells throughout the body . In normal aging , the protein accumulates in cells but in children with progeria , an abnormal buildup occurs that severely damages cells . Lonafarnib helps block that abnormal buildup .
The disease affects about 1 in 20 million people . It is a chance mutation and is n't inherited . Affected children are born looking healthy , but fail to grow normally , lose body fat and hair and develop aged-looking skin , stiff joints and diseased arteries .
Lonafarnib was initially developed as a potential cancer treatment but without much success . Schering Plough/Merck supplied the study drug ; the research was paid for by the Progeria Research Foundation .
Gordon , the lead author , and their husband , Dr. Scott Berns , started the foundation in 1999 after their son , Sam , was diagnosed . They are continuing to study lonafarnib and other drugs in kids with progeria .
University of Washington geneticist Dr. Fuki Hisama predicted that lonafarnib will eventually become standard treatment for progeria , though not a cure .
The study `` gives other people the message that there is hope for rare diseases , '' said Hisama , who wrote an accompanying journal editorial .
___
Follow AP Medical Writer Lindsey Tanner on Twitter at @ LindseyTanner . Them work can be found here .
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute 's Department of Science Education . The AP is solely responsible for all content .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
LAS VEGAS — Two film industry leaders told theatre owners Tuesday that are optimistic about the movie and theatrical exhibition business despite concerns about declining attendance and competition from streaming services .
New MPPA chief Charles Rivkin and John Fithian , the president and CEO of the National Association of Theater Owners , delivered a state of the industry speech at CinemaCon , saying the strength of the movies being released will dictate box-office sales .
“ Our business rises or falls on the movies in our cinemas , ” Fithian said .
CinemaCon is an annual gathering of theatre owners and exhibitors , during which they get a look upcoming films from major Hollywood studios and a preview of some of the latest and greatest in theatrical technologies and even concession options .
Rivkin , who recently took over the position at the MPAA from Christopher Dodd , said that 263 million people went to the movies at least once in North America in 2017 — more than three quarters of the North American population . They noted that while the box office was slightly down from the record in 2016 , it was on par with the 2015 record . They say they believe the market will always move between record-high or near record years .
They also stressed that they would continue to fight to protect intellectual property with anti-piracy efforts . Film and television account for $ 16.5 billion in exports , they said , and that the industry supports 2.1 million jobs and $ 139 billion in wages every year .
Rivkin was previously the president and CEO of The Jim Henson Company and also served as the U.S . Ambassador to France and as Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs .
“ Let 's always deliver on the promise of our creative industry : high quality stories that speak to the hopes and dreams of our audience , and will continue to do so for generations to come , ” Rivkin said .
Fithian also applauded filmmakers and distributors for “ taking significant steps to achieve more diversity and positive representation on the big screen , ” which they say their consumers are “ demanding . ”
“ We are optimistic that 2017 and 2018 will one day be viewed as a turning point on this front , ” Fithian said .
Fithian also spoke to some of the major fears of the movie business and said that younger audiences are still passionate moviegoers . According to comScore , moviegoers ages 18-44 constituted 63 % of the total box office in 2017–up from 61 % in 2016 . Fithian said that disruption , whether it 's streaming or shortened periods where films are show exclusively in theatres , will not kill the theatrical business .
They wondered if “ Black Panther , ” “ Get Out ” or “ Wonder Woman ” would have been cultural landmarks had they gone straight to streaming .
“ I have worked with ( theatre owners ) for 26 years . I ca n't begin to tell you how often reporters have asked me if the movie theatre industry is dying . Every downturn in admissions is a sign of secular decline , every innovation or improvement is intended to ‘ save ' the movie theatre business , ” they said . “ There has been a lot of hype about the next ‘ disruption , ” ‘ they said , listing off advancements ranging from VHS to the advent of films releasing in theatres and home services the same day . “ Yet we never die but remain a strong business in the face of disruption everywhere else in the entertainment landscape . ”
——
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/ldbahr
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
Compared to last year , hay fever ( or allergic rhinitis as it is called medically ) has been mild . Only a handful of customers has been coming for every week . More information below to help your friends find the right approach about their seasonal allergy .
While most people put up with this form of allergy , from my point of view , and also of many holistic practitioners , hayfever is a major disturbance of the body 's self-regulating mechanisms , and should be addressed seriously .
From a holistic point of view , what causes hayfever ?
Medically , hay fever is caused by a build-up of histamine , and for this reason , the first type of medications are anti-histamines . Histamine is a naturally occurring substance in the body that has many functions . In essence , the level of histamines will increase locally or generally when there is stress in the body . For example , a cut or a wound will increase histamines in the area , and this will trigger an inflammation and then a healing response .
What doctors fail to tell you is that basically everything increases histamine level in the body : the food , we eat ( histamine is a key part of the digestive process ) , emotional stress ( histamine is a neurotransmitter ) , and physical stress . Being dehydrated will increase significantly histamine levels .
Hay fever sufferers have a very high level of histamine when they suffer from hay fever but also at the time when they do not appear to suffer ( such as winter ) . Because of this , their level of histamines can reach the symptoms threshold when being exposed to innocuous stressors , such as pollen , dust , animal hair or plant moulds . The job of a health practitioner is to find the cause of the high level of histamines , and set up a plan to reduce it .
How to reduce the symptoms of hayfever and address it in the long term
Beside trying to stay away from known stressors , there are several simple approaches that can alleviate the condition . To know more , check the full article on my website .
Image reproduced from restorenaturopathy.com.au
© 2017 , City Connect News . Copyright Notice & Disclaimer are below .
Related articles :
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Storyhouse and Chester Cathedral have announced the programme for a series of events marking the national Refugee Week between Sunday , June 17 and Sunday , June 24 .
A special one-off performance , film screenings , international food , art exhibition , music and storytelling sessions will take place in Chester throughout the week , to explore the stories of refugees .
Cheshire-based dancer , choreographer and theologian Claire Henderson Davis and dance artist Bettina Carpi are creating Take Refuge Under My Shade , a dance theatre piece that will provide the central focus for the Refugee Week events in June .
Take Refuge Under My Shade follows the interweaving stories ( in English and Arabic ) of three pregnant women : a Syrian woman journeying to the UK , a British woman describing their struggle with poverty , and the story of Mary visiting Elizabeth to share their good news .
Claire Henderson Davies said : “ Our whole vision for Refugee Week is to create a climate of welcome and understanding for refugees in Chester , and to remind people that we all find ourselves in need of refuge of one kind or another at some point in our lives . ”
Take Refuge Under My Shade will be performed in Storyhouse 's Garret Theatre on Thursday , June 21 at both 1pm and 7.30pm .
There will be a preview on Monday , June 18 at 8.30pm .
Other highlight events for Refugee Week include :
Objects Left & Objects Taken – an exhibition of artwork by refugees who have settled in Chester and Ellesmere Port ( with a chance for the public to create their own artistic response June 19 ) ;
Chester and Wrexham Amnesty will introduce the film Human Flow by celebrated directed Ai Weiwei , the film is a vital and extraordinary documentary of our times , shot across an astonishing 23 countries that provides insight into the plight of 65 million people currently displaced across the world ;
Celebrating Refuge – a community celebration with Middle Eastern food and music by Mina Salama ;
Music & Meditations on Refuge – an hour of music and meditations on the theme of refuge .
Refugee Week takes place every year across the world in the week around World Refugee Day on June 20 .
In the UK , Refugee Week is a nationwide programme of arts , cultural and educational events that celebrate the contribution of refugees to the UK , and encourages a better understanding between communities .
Find more at storyhouse.com
Take Refuge Under My Shade is supported by a ‘ Grants for the Arts ' award .
At $ 399 , though , Caavo is clearly aiming for a very niche audience . And since it 's another box you have to hook up and configure in your home theater , it does n't really do much to simplify clutter . Sure , it means you 'll only have a single cable connected to your TV or receiver , but all of your other devices and cables will still be nearby .
Caavo sure is attractive , though , with a removable wood top that sets it apart from most other home theater boxes . It 's also fairly wide , so you 'll likely need to make room on your TV stand . Luckily , since it does n't really emit much heat , the company says you can easily place other devices right on top of it .
The most intriguing aspect of Caavo is its universal switching and searching capabilities . After logging into your streaming services , you can use its remote to search for movies and TV shows with your voice . Ask it to play Bob 's Burgers , for example , and it will immediately start playing the show on Netflix via one of your streaming devices . You can also specify which device specific services launch on ( for example , Amazon Video shows can be configured only to launch through your Fire TV ) . Since it 's keeping track of all of your streaming habits , it also lets you quickly pick up where you left off .
Caavo automatically handles all of the input switching as you 're hopping between devices , so there 's no need to juggle remotes . And if you just wanted to start playing a game on your PlayStation 4 , you just need to turn on your game controller and Caavo will automatically switch over . The developers also showed off Amazon Alexa integration , which works just like the voice commands with its remote .
While it can handle 4K content , Caavo does n't yet support any HDR standards . The company says it 's working on building in HDR10 support , which can be added in a software update down the line . Unfortunately , there are no plans to include Dolby Vision support , since that would require additional hardware . That 's a shame , since there are already plenty films and TV shows relying on Dolby 's standard . Of course , you could always connect a Dolby Vision-capable device to your TV separately , but that instantly defeats the point of Caavo .
Aside from its price , the biggest issue with Caavo is that it seems to be solving a problem that 's already fixing itself . It 's built for a world where you might have an Apple TV , Roku and Chromecast hooked up to your TV , alongside game consoles and cable boxes . But there simply is n't much reason to be juggling multiple streaming devices these days , especially when many consumers can just use the apps built into their TVs or game consoles . And if you 're just hopping between a few devices , I 'd wager most people would rather save the $ 399 and live with a bit of inconvenience .
Caavo CEO Andrew Einaudi and co-founder Ashish Aggarwal recognize that their box is n't exactly for everyone , yet . The company is currently aiming for home theater enthusiasts who would n't mind paying a bit for seamless TV watching ( though I wonder how those folks would stomach limited HDR capabilities ) . Pre-orders will kick off in May , and it plans to ship the device later in 2017 . Next year , it 's considering a smaller and cheaper model that could appeal to more mainstream buyers .
Caavo is certainly a noble attempt at simplifying our home theaters , but I ca n't help but think it 'd be more useful as something that 's integrated in an A/V receiver , rather than a standalone box .
EL PASO , Texas — Keith Frazier had 21 points and eight rebounds and UTEP won for the second time in three games since the sudden retirement of coach Tim Floyd , beating Washington State 76-69 on Saturday night .
Omega Harris scored 18 points and went 8 of 8 on free throws as the Miners ( 3-6 ) made 21 of 22 from the line while committing just six turnovers under interim coach Phil Johnson .
Viont ' e Daniels led Washington State with 18 points , all of them on 6-of-12 shooting from 3-point range , as the Cougars ( 6-3 ) lost their third straight since a 6-0 start .
The Miners have won two in a row under Johnson after losing to rival New Mexico State in the first game after Floyd abruptly retired following a loss to Lamar on Nov. 27 .
Matt Willms put UTEP ahead for good when they tipped in a miss from Evan Gilyard for a 57-55 lead with just under 11 minutes remaining . The Miners outscored the Cougars by 15 points after the 4-minute mark of the first half .
“ Everything changed in the second half , ” Johnson said . “ We guarded better . And we got some good offence from Keith and Omega . It 's a good win for the program . It 's a good win for our guys . ”
Paul Thomas scored 11 points , Gilyard added 10 and Willms had eight points and seven rebounds .
Leading 66-65 , UTEP closed on a 10-4 run that included a dunk by Frazier , four free throws from Harris and two from Gilyard .
Robert Franks scored 14 points for Washington State , while Malachi Flynn , the second-leading scorer at 17 points per game coming in , was held to three points on 1-of-8 shooting . Daniels had just six points after halftime .
“ We did n't do a good enough job of finding Daniels enough in the second half , ” Washington State coach Ernie Kent said . “ And they did a good job of closing out the game . ”
BIG PICTURE
Washington State : The Cougars have faltered badly since getting Top 25 votes two weeks ago . It was the first time to get votes in the poll since 2011 , but they wo n't have to worry about getting ranked anytime soon .
UTEP : The Miners have some hope under Johnson , a longtime Floyd assistant going back to their time together in the NBA . The first of two straight quality wins came against New Mexico , another longtime rival along with New Mexico State .
STILL ENCOURAGED
The first two losses on Washington State 's skid were by 14 to UC-Davis and by 27 at Idaho . But Kent said they were encouraged by a better effort against UTEP . “ That 's good for this young team , ” they said . “ They continue to fight through adversity , figure it out and play better . Unfortunately , we did n't close out the game . ”
UP NEXT
Washington State : Home against IUPUI on Dec. 16 .
UTEP : The Miners are in the midst of seven December games that are all at home , including the first two Conference USA games . Incarnate Word is next on Dec. 19 .
——
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( AP ) — Zach Parise and Chris Stewart scored in the shootout , and the Minnesota Wild beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 3-2 on Tuesday night .
Devan Dubnyk had 28 saves for Minnesota ( 27-18-5 ) , which earned its 10th road win of the season . Jason Zucker scored their 20th goal , and Charlie Coyle added their fifth in the third period .
Columbus ( 27-19-4 ) lost for the fourth time in six games . Sergei Bobrovsky made 41 stops , Artemi Panarin had a goal and an assist and David Savard scored their third of the season .
Photo : Ben Hider / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Production of a Brooklyn pilsner called Biëryoncé halted production after Beyoncé , the beer 's namesake and label inspiration , ordered the creators to cease and desist . The beer brand was launched this fall and Beyonce 's legal team took action as soon as they found out about it . Now , members of the Beyhive can seek out cans as limited edition collectibles .
Related : Beyoncé Presents Muhammad Ali Award to Colin Kaepernick
Lineup Brewing owner Katarina Martinez insists that both the name and the Bey typography-inspired label were intended as a compliment .
“ As a Hispanic , female-run business , I am very inspired by them so I thought I 'd pay homage , ” Martinez told Pitchfork . “ We 're disappointed they did n't take it as a compliment , but oh well . It was fun while it lasted ! ”
Bey and their representatives have not commented .
The Biëryoncé brew earned attention from industry bibles , including Bon Appétit magazine , which wrote that it 's “ perfect for those chilly-but-sunny Sundays when every song that plays from your phone is your favorite song . ”
We 'd suggest pouring one out in memory of Biëryoncé , but it 'd be a shame to waste it .
STILLWATER , Okla. — Wichita State 's Landry Shamet did it all , and their Shockers needed every bit of it to hold off a spirited upset bid from Oklahoma State .
The sophomore guard scored a career-high 30 points , and the sixth-ranked Shockers defeated the Cowboys 78-66 on Saturday .
Shamet only had 11 field goal attempts , but they made 14 of 16 free throws , including 10 of 12 in the second half .
“ I thought on the offensive end , they were tremendous , rushing the basket , knocking down free throws and shooting the 3-ball , ” Wichita State coach Gregg Marshall said . “ He 's just a complete player . ”
Shamet took several hard hits in the game for their troubles . At one point , they collided with Oklahoma State 's Brandon Averette , and Averette crashed down onto their back . After Shamet told reporters they took a beating , Marshall told them he 'd have Sunday off .
“ I lead by example , ” Shamet said . “ I know what I do every day — I work hard , and these guys respect me and I respect them and it 's mutual . It 's ever-growing . I feel like I get more and more comfortable vocally , and I feel like with my play , I 'm just trying to get more aggressive and lead by example . ”
Conner Frankamp scored 14 points and Darral Willis , Jr. added 12 for the Shockers ( 8-1 ) .
Wichita State 's only loss was by a point to Notre Dame . The Shockers won at Big 12 member Baylor last Saturday and now have built a solid non-conference resume .
“ We obviously needed this challenge , going on the road to win on back-to-back Saturdays , ” Marshall said . “ It just helps us get better . ”
Wichita State made 12 of 26 3-point attempts and outrebounded the Cowboys 36-26 .
Tavarius Shine scored a career-high 20 points and Mitchell Solomon added a career-best 17 for Oklahoma State ( 7-2 ) .
Oklahoma State first-year coach Mike Boynton was trying to get their first win over a ranked team . Instead , the Cowboys had their 15-game non-conference home win streak snapped .
“ I 'm proud of the effort , ” Boynton said . “ For us to go toe to toe with them is something to build upon . ”
Oklahoma State led for most of the first half , but Wichita State closed with an 8-0 run . Shamet made a 3-pointer in the closing seconds to give the Shockers a 26-23 lead . Oklahoma State did not score for the final 3:04 of the half and did n't make a field goal for the final 6:09 , when Oklahoma State led by eight for its largest advantage before the break .
Shaquille Morris ' only points came on a 3-pointer with about 8 minutes remaining , but the shot gave the Shockers a five-point lead . Wichita State remained in control the rest of the way .
The performance left Boynton feeling good about their program .
“ If they 're the number six team in the country , which I think they might be better , we 're really close to being damn good , ” Boynton said . “ I believe that . ”
BIG PICTURE
Wichita State : The Shockers , one of the best shooting teams in the nation , struggled early before getting it together in the second half . Wichita State shot 52.2 per cent after the break and made 8 of 14 3-pointers .
Oklahoma State : The Cowboys appear close to being pretty good . They played hard defence for Boynton , but their offence was inconsistent . Oklahoma State missed an opportunity to take control of the game in the first half and never really regained it .
QUOTABLE
Marshall on series with Oklahoma State : “ I would prefer to play them every year . Hats off to the coaches for being willing to play us , and it was all their idea . ”
FOUL DISPARITY
While Shamet made 14 of 16 free throws , Oklahoma State 's entire team went 18 for 21 . The Cowboys committed 28 fouls , and Solomon and Kendall Smith both fouled out .
STRUGGLING STARS
Morris entered the game tied for the team lead with 14.6 points per game . They shot 1 for 5 and had just one rebound in 24 minutes before fouling out .
“ He obviously did n't play great offensively , but they were good at the other end , ” Marshall said . “ They 're a great defensive team , and they did a good job limiting their touches . ”
Jeffrey Carroll , Oklahoma State 's leading scorer for the season , went 1 for 9 from the field and finished with three points .
UP NEXT
Wichita State : Hosts Oklahoma on Dec. 16 .
Oklahoma State : Plays Florida State in the Orange Bowl Classic on Dec. 16 .
——
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP .
——
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–Top25 .
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Oboist Peggy Pearson and composer John Harbison join host Brian McCreath to describe the unique emotional power of performances by late mezzo-soprano Lorraine Hunt Lieberson .
On the program :
Toccata in D , BWV 912 - Lise de la Salle , piano
Duetto in F , BWV 803 - Caterina Lichtenberg , mandolin ; Mike Marshall , mandocello
Cantata BWV 170 Vergnügte Ruh ' , beliebte Seelenlust ( translation ) - Lorraine Hunt-Lieberson , mezzo-soprano ; Peggy Pearson , oboe d'amore ; Greenleaf Chamber Players
Duetto in E minor , BWV 802 , and Duetto in G , BWV 804 - Caterina Lichtenberg , mandolin ; Mike Marshall , mandocello
One man is dead after a single vehicle wreck where the victim 's vehicle landed in a canal in Central .
Officials with the Central Fire Department confirm one man died Friday in a wreck at Hubbs Road and Denham Street . The incident happened just before 4 p.m. on Friday , October 6 . The cause of the wreck is currently unknown .
Copyright 2017 WAFB . All rights reserved .
AP Photo/Alastair Grant
LONDON ( AP ) — With smoke still swirling around the charred remains of Grenfell Tower in west London , residents and community leaders demanded to know Wednesday how a ferocious fire could have swept through the high-rise apartment block with such speed that it killed at least 12 people .
The anger was particularly strong since activists had warned just seven months ago that fire safety procedures were so lax that only a catastrophic blaze would bring the scrutiny needed to make the building safe .
WHAT HAPPENED ?
Fire and police officials have not specified what went wrong , but extensive video footage shows the flames climbing the exterior of the building at a remarkable pace .
“ I 've never seen a fire like that in my life , ” said Joe Ruane , the former deputy chief fire officer for U.S. Air Force bases in Britain . “ I 've never seen that in a residential block . ”
The 24-story public housing complex is owned by the local government council in the borough of Kensington and Chelsea and was completed in the 1970s . It is managed by the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization , which spent 10 million pounds ( $ 12.8 million ) refurbishing the building over the last two years .
The renovation project included installation of insulated exterior cladding , double-glazed windows and a communal heating system . Investigators need to look at what materials were used in the project and who approved their use , Ruane said . But they said the speed with which the fire spread suggests that more than one fire protection safeguard failed .
“ It 's not just one thing , ” Ruane said . “ It 's multiple issues . ”
WHAT WAS THE FIRE PROCEDURE AT THE BUILDING ?
Some residents suggested that Grenfell Tower 's policies were to blame for the disaster .
A newsletter put out by the building 's tenant organization told tenants to follow a “ stay put ” policy and remain in their apartments during a fire unless the blaze was inside their apartment or in their hallway or until they were told to evacuate by officials .
This policy is in place “ because Grenfell was designed according to rigorous fire-safety standards , ” according to the 2014 newsletter about the renovation project . New front doors in each apartment could withstand a fire for up to 30 minutes , “ which gives plenty of time for the fire brigade to arrive , ” the newsletter said .
That policy , often followed in high-rise hotels , may be effective in lesser fires . In this case , however , the fire seemed to climb the exterior of the tower so quickly that it overwhelmed protective systems like fire doors . People who initially remained in place may have been unable to escape later because the hallways and fire escapes were filled with heavy smoke and flames .
The London Fire Brigade said crews were on the scene within six minutes of the first reports of the fire , but they were unable to reach people on higher floors to prevent fatalities .
WHO IS TO BLAME ?
While investigations are underway to determine what went wrong , tenants said repeated complaints were ignored . Survivor Edward Daffarn said the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization , or KCTMO , which manages the Grenfell Tower as well as other buildings in the area , is responsible because it ignored numerous warnings .
The management organization 's annual accounts for the year ending March 31 , 2016 , indicate that the company has been cited for fire-safety issues in the past .
Following an October 2015 arson fire at one of the buildings it manages , the 14-story Adair Tower , the London Fire Brigade issued an enforcement notice to install self-closing devices on the front doors of all 78 apartments and to improve fire safety in staircases used for escape , the organization said in the report .
The Fire Brigade issued a similar notice for another KCTMO-managed building , Hazelwood Tower . The upgrades were scheduled to be completed by 2016 , the report said .
The Grenfell Tower disaster is uncomfortably similar to a fast-moving blaze at another London-area public housing project , Lakanal House , that killed six people , including three children , eight years ago . In that July 2009 fire , smoke and flames quickly engulfed the 14-story building . A coroner 's inquest found that a series of failures contributed to the loss of life and made a number of recommendations to help prevent future disasters .
Investigators probing the Grenfell Tower fire will have to look at which of those recommendations were implemented in the building and which were not , said Jim Fitzpatrick , a former firefighter who now serves in the House of Commons .
“ These will be matters for the scientists and the engineers … to find out exactly how the fire started , why it spread so quickly and what could have been done to prevent it , ” Fitzpatrick told Sky News .
A local community organization , the Grenfell Action Group , had warned about fire dangers at the building since 2013 . In a series of blog posts , the group raised concerns about testing and maintenance of fire-fighting equipment and blocked emergency access to the site .
“ All our warnings fell on deaf ears , and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable and just a matter of time , ” the group said in a blog post Wednesday .
KCTMO said it is cooperating with investigators and that it was aware of tenant complaints . “ We always take all concerns seriously and these will form part of our forthcoming investigations , ” it said in a statement .
The Kensington and Chelsea Council promised a full investigation into Wednesday 's tragedy and a public accounting . The UK government also ordered checks at tower blocks that have had or are going through similar renovations as those at Grenfell Tower .
Comments
comments
PARIS ( AP ) — President Emmanuel Macron is launching a national lottery to help restore France 's magnificent chateaux and other historic monuments .
Macron is kicking off the project Thursday with a visit to the chateau of French philosopher Voltaire , near the Swiss border , to showcase an example of successful restoration .
A total of 250 sites will benefit from the financing . The list includes an 18th century fortress on a tiny Brittany island , the home of writer Aime Cesaire in the Caribbean , a 12th century Burgundy castle and a Roman aqueduct in eastern France .
Macron , a culture and history lover , hopes the operation will yield millions of euros for the French state , in addition to cash winnings for lucky players .
It is the first such project in France , though Britain has a similar initiative .
THESSALONIKI , Greece ( AP ) — Russian authorities have sent a new extradition request to Greece for a Russian cybercrime suspect also sought on criminal charges by the U.S. and France .
Alexander Vinnik , 38 , a former bitcoin platform operator , was informed of the new Russian request by Thessaloniki court officials Wednesday , and is not contesting it .
Russia initially sought Vinnik on lesser fraud charges . The new request raises the amount allegedly involved to 750 million rubles ( $ 12 million ) .
Greece 's supreme court has already approved Vinnik 's extradition to the United States for allegedly laundering billions of dollars using the virtual currency . Vinnik had fought that decision .
Another court ruled for their extradition to Russia based on the first request . France wants them on charges including cybercrime and money laundering .
Greece 's justice minister will rule on the requests .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tackling the growing UK-wide problem of homelessness has challenged both the former Tory administration and current ruling Labour group at Cheshire West and Chester Council .
After Labour took power it had to withdraw controversial plans to fine rough sleepers following a community campaign supported by comedian Mark Thomas .
Recently the council was again accused of criminalising the homeless over posters which made the bold assertion ‘ Most people begging in Chester are not homeless ' .
The ruling group will be hoping its new ‘ holistic ' strategy , recommended for adoption at Wednesday 's ( October 11 ) cabinet , will be less contentious .
However , it does completely reverse the previous Tory administration 's decision to open Richmond Court hostel in Boughton which will now close in 2018 .
The 36-bed facility was criticised for being ‘ too big ' , ‘ unmanageable ' and in the ‘ wrong place ' .
Now it will be replaced by a new model focused on providing smaller dispersed units across the borough that will rely on community engagement and maintaining strong relationships with local housing providers and landlords .
Labour 's strategy aims to create a seamless service , joining up accommodation and support – including newly commissioned daytime activities – designed ‘ to prevent or reduce homelessness and create more stable and sustainable lifestyles ' .
Homeless services , currently run by four different providers , will be brought together into one cohesive support service when current contracts end in March next year . Cabinet will be asked to award the new contract to City West Housing Trust ( CWHT ) of the ForViva Group .
Other features will include :
■ Increased direct access to emergency beds across the borough – with extra provision during severe weather
■ More focus on preventative services including borough-wide hubs providing advice , information , training and group work
■ A ‘ Housing First ' approach for some service users – which finds a property first and then places the support around the individual
■ Outreach services and a Rough Sleeper Hotline
The new approach aims to reduce homelessness and prioritise prevention , end the use of bed and breakfast and improve temporary accommodation as well as making it easier to access permanent accommodation and support .
Councillor Angela Claydon , cabinet member for housing , said : “ We are committed to reducing levels of homelessness on our borough 's streets and invisible homelessness like sofa surfing and tackling the fundamental causes . The model put forward has been created following extensive consultation and I thank the many people who shared their views and helped shape it .
“ Having a stable and affordable home is fundamental to someone 's quality of life . Whilst this is something that many of us take for granted , there are still too many individuals and families , who , for a variety of reasons , experience housing difficulties .
“ We work closely with our partners and local community and voluntary groups to provide a range of services to support those who find themselves homeless or who need housing-related support but whilst excellent work is being done , homelessness is increasing .
“ With more residents being placed in temporary accommodation we have reviewed our approach and shifted our focus to that of prevention . We can link vital services together in a more effective way to support those most vulnerable . ”
HIGH POINT , N.C. — Jahaad Proctor had 20 points , seven rebounds and five assists on Saturday night and High Point pulled away in the middle of the second half for a 67-56 win over Campbell .
The Panthers ( 11-12 , 6-6 Big South ) took the lead for good early in a 22-5 run that was capped at 54-39 on Andre Fox 's free throw with 7:14 left .
The Fighting Camels ( 12-12 , 6-6 ) got as close as 60-52 on Marcus Burk 's layup with 52 seconds to go , but Brandon Kamga answered with a dunk , converted into a 3-point play , and High Point made all four of its free throws from there .
Campbell led by as many as seven in the first half . High Point rallied with a 17-2 run that spanned halftime before Campbell scored 10 straight to take its last lead at 34-32 .
Fox added 14 points and 10 rebounds for the Panthers .
Chris Clemons scored 26 to lead the Camels .
Still needing one more win to secure a spot in the state Class L tournament , the Joel Barlow High boys basketball team lost a 51-39 decision to Bethel on Tuesday , Feb. 14 .
Barlow was held to single-digit scoring in each of the first three quarters . While it ad its best offensive performance in the final frame the Wildcats were too far out in front .
Matt McGannon led Barlow in scoring with 11 points , including two three-pointers . Wes Blackwell scored seven with a three-pointer .
Owen Corazzelli sank five while Tim Tamallanca netted four . Tom Rossini ( one three-pointer ) and Phil Villhauer each scored three while Dan Mangieri , Kevin Richetelli and Austin DeLuca each finished with two points .
Chris Towey led Bethel with 18 .
BRUSSELS — The European Union 's foreign policy chief says the EU is reluctant to change the landmark nuclear agreement with Iran even as U.S. President Donald Trump threatens to walk away from the pact .
Federica Mogherini said Monday after chairing talks among the foreign ministers of EU countries that Europeans “ attach strategic importance to the full implementation of the agreement by all parties . ”
Mogherini said : “ It is for us a matter of security , for Europe and for the rest of the world . ”
The EU 's representative for foreign affairs and security policy says the pact , “ if disrupted , would create an additional security threat and concern in the region . ”
Mogherini says the EU hopes to dissuade Iran from developing missiles or undermining regional security , but that work must happen “ outside the scope of the nuclear agreement . ”
In the Union Budget 2018-19 , the Department of Space has been allocated Rs 8,936.97 crore for various space-related projects . The Department of Space has to develop an indigenous capability for design and development of space infrastructure for the better understanding of the universe . The total allocation for the Department of Space for next fiscal is around Rs 10,783 crore
The Department of Space has been allocated Rs 8,936.97 crore in the Budget for various space-related projects . It has also been tasked to achieve certain targets – deliver three earth observation , two communication satellites – next fiscal . Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on February 1 presented the Union Budget for 2018-19 . The total allocation for the Department of Space for next fiscal is around Rs 10,783 crore ( including the Rs 8,936.97 crore ) – up from Rs 9,155.52 crore allocated for the 2017-18 net of recoveries and receipts . The space department has been tasked to deliver three earth observation spacecrafts ready for launch ; four Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle ( PSLV ) flights ; one each of Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle MkII and Mk III . A sum of Rs 6,576.02 crore has been allocated for this purpose next year , as per the budget papers . For the purpose of completion and launch of two communication satellites next fiscal a sum of Rs 411.60 crore has been allotted .
Under the design and development of applications for earth observation , communication , and disaster management scheme for which Rs 1,746.25 has been allocated , the Department of Space has to deliver nine earth observation/communications payloads ; information support for five disaster events ; 8,500 maps to support national missions and users projects and 300,000 value-added products disseminated to users . A sum of Rs 230.10 crore has been allocated for undertaking space science missions and interplanetary expeditions under which the Department of Space has to deliver : Indian lunar mission/Chandrayaan-II ; readiness of two sub-systems for Aditya-L1 mission ; 35 publications from space science missions ; release of two terabytes of space science-related data to public utilisation ; 250 research projects in academia supported through Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) programmes .
According to the budget papers , the medium term tasked outcome for Department of Space are – augmentation of space infrastructure for providing continuity of earth observation services with improved capabilities ; ensuring operational launch services for domestic and commercial satellites ; self-sufficiency in launching four ton class of communication satellites into Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit ; self-sufficiency in launching 2.5- 3 ton class of communication satellites into Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit . The Department of Space has to develop an indigenous capability for design and development of space infrastructure for the better understanding of the universe . According to the Economic Survey tabled in Parliament recently , the country 's share in the global satellite launch services revenue went up to 1.1 % in 2015-16 from 0.3 % in 2014-15 .
The survey states that Antrix Corporation – the commercial arm of ISRO – foresees greater utilisation of rockets like PSLV , GSLV-MkII and GSLV MkIII by the international community for launching their Low Earth Orbit ( LEO ) satellites . In the case of satellite launching , as on March 2017 , PSLV successfully launched 254 satellites . Foreign exchange earnings of India from the export of satellite launch services increased noticeably in 2015-16 and 2016-17 to Rs 394 crore and Rs 275 crore from Rs 149 crore in 2014-15 . In a recent interview with IANS , ISRO Chairman K. Sivan said India will be using its own rockets for launching communication satellites and reduce the use of satellite launch services of foreign space agencies.This , in turn , would reduce the outgo of foreign exchange .
Toronto police are searching for a suspect after an early morning shooting left one person injured in the city 's downtown .
Officers say up to six men got into a dispute shortly before 3 a.m. Tuesday , near the intersection of King Street West and Portland Street .
They allege one of the men drew a gun and fired nine shots during the dispute , hitting another man once in the hip .
Police say the victim was deemed to be in life-threatening condition by emergency responders at the scene of the shooting , but was upgraded to serious condition after being treated in hospital .
Officers say they have no description of the shooter , but they believe they are violent , armed and dangerous .
They are asking anyone who witnessed the shooting or has information about the suspect to contact them .
The victim is one of 11 people shot in Toronto since late last week — many of them in the city 's busy downtown core .
Police say a driver near Shuter and George Streets took a shotgun out of their trunk and opened fire at a pedestrian Friday morning , injuring the 21-year-old woman and a 69-year-old man on a bike .
Two people from the city 's rap scene were killed in a daylight shooting on Queen Street West on Saturday — Jahvante Smart , 21 , also known as Smoke Dawg , and Ernest Modekwe , 28 , both of Toronto . Police say a woman who was shot in the same incident is expected to recover .
Another four people were injured by gunshots late Sunday in Toronto 's Kensington Market area .
Overall , 22 people have been killed by guns in Toronto so far this year . The total number of homicides in the city has been 51 — a figure inflated by the deadly van attack that killed 10 people in April . By contrast , there were 27 homicides at this point last year , including 16 fatal shootings by the end of June 2017 .
Larry King is the latest to face accusations of sexual misconduct , but they are denying the allegations and threatening to fight them in court . Terry Richard , the ex-wife of performer and Carrie Fisher 's father Eddie Fisher , recently joined Daily Mail TV and alleged that King groped them at two separate events in 2005 and 2006 . According to People , Richard was frank about the alleged incidents and claimed the second incident actually left them with a mark :
According to Richard , during the first alleged incident in 2005 , “ Larry slid their hand down from the middle of my back to putting their hand inside of my dress and it ended up with about three or four of their fingers in the crack of my a * * , resting in the crack of my a * * ” while they were taking a photo together .
Richard , 63 , claims the second time King allegedly sexually assaulted her , the pair was also taking a photograph together when the veteran journalist squeezed their butt so firmly that it left a bruise .
“ Larry King is a groper . They groped me twice , ” they told Daily Mail TV . “ He gets a thrill doing this in front of the camera , knowing I could n't do anything . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Work is about to start on a care village for the over 55s in the heart of Chester city centre .
Hoardings have now been erected in City Road around the buildings earmarked for demolition to make way for the scheme which is expected to open next year .
It will comprise a 72-bed care home with three guest rooms , where 24-hour care will be provided – including specialist dementia and nursing support – plus 23 one and two-bedroom apartments for independent living available to rent or buy .
The care village will boast communal facilities including a gym , bistro , hair salon and therapy rooms , open to members of the wider community .
Outreach services will include home care and a specialist day care service known as ‘ Experience Days ' , which enables customers to take advantage of village amenities and the specialist dementia support available .
The new village will create more than 140 jobs , including support workers , nurses and catering staff .
CLS Care Services will operate the site the development under its ‘ Belong ' format after receiving planning approval in May , 2017 .
Tracy Paine , operations director for Belong , said at the time : “ We are delighted to receive planning permission for a new Belong village in Chester and we anticipate making a significant contribution to the city 's provision of high quality services for people with dementia , both for people living in the village and the wider community .
“ This will be our first village in a city-centre location and we are very excited about the enhanced opportunities this central location will bring for social interaction and integration with the wider community . ”
The care village will rise to a maximum of five storeys on City Road which increases to six from the canal-side and Queens Avenue . The scheme involves the landscaping of surrounding areas , including the canal-side conservation area .
It has been designed by specialists in architecture for older people , Pozzoni , to incorporate the ‘ best principles of dementia-friendly design ' , while integrating with the various surrounding industrial and historical architectural styles . There will be parking for 35 vehicles as well as cycle stands and a service vehicle loading bay .
Chester-based planning consultants J10 Planning Ltd were responsible for overseeing the planning application process and ensuring the development was in accordance with local planning policy .
× 1 of 2 Expand Photos courtesy of the Hoover Historical Society . Some of Hoover 's first mayors included Don Watts . × 2 of 2 Expand Photos courtesy of the Hoover Historical Society . One of Hoover 's first mayors included John Hodnett . Prev Next
The city of Hoover has had 10 mayors in its 50-year existence , and half of them have been associated with the Hoover Fire Department .
The first mayor was Don Watts , who was an active member of the Hoover Civic Club when the city incorporated in 1967 , according to a book on the city 's early history by Bluff Park resident Heather Jones Skaggs .
Watts and the first town council served only one year so that the town could get on the same election cycle as other municipalities .
The next three mayors all were members of the original town council , and all were members of the Hoover Volunteer Fire Department as well .
Councilman Ed Ernst ran against Watts in 1968 and beat them to become Hoover 's second mayor , but Ernst stayed in office only about a year before they resigned . Ernst had health issues and “ did n't feel like they were qualified , and they would rather step down , ” said John Hodnett , who was on the council at the time , according to interview transcripts for another book on Hoover 's history put together by the Hoover Historical Society .
O.E . “ Brad ” Braddock was council president and stepped in to serve the rest of Ernst 's term .
It was during Braddock 's term that the first freestanding city hall ( separate from the first fire station ) was built in 1971 on land along U.S. 31 donated by insurance man William Hoover , according to “ A History of Hoover , Alabama and Its People , ” by Marilyn Davis Barefield .
Braddock won the mayor 's election in 1972 but later died of a heart attack in 1975 .
They were replaced by Hodnett , who was council president and Braddock 's next-door neighbor .
Hodnett , in interview transcripts , said it was Braddock who made the initial contact with business person John Harbert about annexing the 3,000-acre Riverchase development into Hoover , including land that now holds the Riverchase Galleria .
Hodnett , with assistance from then-Council President Frank Skinner and then-City Attorney Jack Harrison , completed the Riverchase negotiations .
Some residents “ thought that we were going way out on a limb and we were going to bankrupt the city by taking in Riverchase , ” Hodnett said in an interview for the book . “ Now [ in 1990 ] , I think it provides two-thirds of the income to the city . ”
Skinner was the only Hoover official to run for office again in 1980 , and they won the mayor 's seat . They kept that job for more than 18 years and is the city 's longest-serving mayor .
Skinner , who once served as assistant fire chief , is widely credited as the architect of much of Hoover 's growth . They oversaw massive annexations , including the Bluff Park and Shades Mountain communities , thousands of undeveloped acres owned by U.S. Steel in what is now central and western Hoover , and the Greystone community and key commercial sections of Inverness to the east .
People criticized the city for going that far east , but “ we made money on it , ” Skinner said . “ It made business sense . ”
Skinner 's administration also oversaw construction of the current Municipal Center , Public Library , Recreation Center and Hoover Metropolitan Stadium , and it pushed heavily for the widening of Alabama 150 and construction of the “ Galleria flyover ” exit on Interstate 459 .
Investigations into city affairs by the FBI and state attorney general 's office cast a shadow on Hoover City Hall for more than two years and resulted in Skinner resigning in February 1999 and pleading guilty to a misdemeanor campaign finance violation .
Then-Council President Brian Skelton was appointed mayor for the final 20 months of Skinner 's fifth term .
Councilwoman Barbara McCollum beat Skelton in the next election , becoming Hoover 's first female mayor . They oversaw the annexation of 1,700 acres for the Ross Bridge development and the purchase of a former 380,000-square-foot BellSouth warehouse on Valleydale Road for use as the Hoover Public Safety Center .
Tony Petelos , a former state legislator , defeated McCollum in the 2004 election . Supporters said they brought peace to a quarrelsome city government and successfully brought Hoover through a downturn in the economy by keeping a rein on spending and cutting contributions to Hoover schools when the school system received a large chunk of money from Jefferson County .
Petelos also fought off lawsuits claiming that police and elected officials were trying to drive Hispanics out of the city .
When Petelos became Jefferson County 's manager in 2011 , the City Council appointed its president , Gary Ivey , to take over as mayor . Ivey pushed through tax incentives to help with renovations of the Riverchase Galleria and touted the recruitment of new retail businesses and two free-standing emergency rooms .
Ivey last year was challenged and beaten by Frank Brocato , the city 's first paramedic and fire marshal who spent 42 years with the department before retiring in 2015 .
Two other key city leaders , new City Administrator Allan Rice and Council President Gene Smith , also are Fire Department alumni .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A rescue team saved a horse who had fallen in a ditch after having a fit .
Firefighters were praised for their ‘ brilliant ' response after Jack got into trouble on Tuesday ( June 13 ) .
Crews were at the scene in Heath Lane in Willaston for two and a half hours .
A vet was also there to help with the careful rescue .
Jack 's owner Rose Thompson said : “ I ca n't believe they got Jack out of the ditch . They were brilliant with him .
“ Jack is OK. We think they had a fit caused by an infection but the vet has given them antibiotics and they seem much better .
“ I ca n't thank the fire crews enough . ”
Two fire engines and Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service 's Knutsford-based animal rescue unit were called out to help Jack .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Diane Keaton is such a special entertainer that even normally reclusive Woody Allen is appearing in a televised tribute to them
Allen is among those honoring the actor in the American Film Institute 's presentation of its 45th Life Achievement Award . The AFI 's `` Tribute to Diane Keaton '' will premiere Thursday night on TNT .
Warren Beatty , Morgan Freeman , Reese Witherspoon , Jane Fonda and Emma Stone also paid homage to Keaton during a gala ceremony last week in Hollywood . Steve Martin and Martin Short performed a musical roast of the actor .
Allen , who directed Keaton to their Oscar-winning performance in `` Annie Hall , '' said they owe much of what he 's accomplished in their life to them
We often discuss the idea that players need to shake off that losing mentality , but leading up to the Norwich game that familiar feeling sat uncomfortably in the pit of my stomach too .
When Lewis Grabban nodded in their second I was wondering what I was worried about .
Ellis Short
The appointment of Simon Grayson looks an increasingly shrewd move . I 'm sure that Daniel Farke is a very talented coach with excellent ideas and he 'll get Norwich going down the line . However , Sunderland needed to go back to
basics . They needed someone that knows the division and what is required to win football matches .
In Grayson , Sunderland might just have it .
It 's early days for this newly acquainted group of players , but early signs are excellent . Whilst Norwich dominated the ball they rarely threatened after a bright 25 minutes . They adopted a slow build up , but lacked the thrust going forward to make that possession worth anything more than numbers on paper .
Sunderland looked far more streetwise than their opponents , quashing any semblance of danger and almost controlling proceedings without even having the ball .
James Vaughan might lack quality with the ball at their feet , but they do the donkey work so that others may prosper . Lewis Grabban capitalised on a Vaughan flick for their first , before burying an outstanding McGeady delivery for their second and Sunderland 's third .
McGeady once again showed their potency at this level . It 's clear you ca n't afford time and space to him . Before delivering expertly for their compatriot to put the game out of reach , they slammed one into the roof of the net to double our advantage .
He 's got that little bit of something that will win us games this season . However , if we want to challenge for promotion we 'll definitely need more of that .
Sunderland kept it simple , stayed in the game and then capitalised on any small lapse in the Norwich side .
If Grayson can bring some more quality to the team then that combined with out opponent 's propensity to make mistakes could be our golden ticket .
For the last few years we 've been staying in the game with the hope we might nick something and get a result . In the Championship staying in a game means if we can get a goal it becomes an opportunity to assert dominance and put our
foot on the opposition 's throat .
I had little or no expectations going into this season , but from the very little I 've seen so far it tells me there 's not a lot to be afraid of .
We might even be a bit better than we think we are as it stands .
With three weeks to go in the summer transfer window , Grayson should be trusted to bring the three or four players in we need to make us genuine contenders for a swift top-flight return .
If Ellis can find their cheque book we could be smiling more often than not in the coming months and even more so in May .
FILE PHOTO : The U.S. Supreme Court building in Washington , DC , U.S. on November 15 , 2016 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
By Andrew Chung
( Reuters ) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday refused to hear an appeal by a Georgia security guard who said they were harassed and forced from their job because they are a lesbian , avoiding an opportunity to decide whether a federal law that bans gender-based bias also outlaws discrimination based on sexual orientation .
The justices left in place a lower court ruling against Jameka Evans , who had argued that workplace sexual orientation discrimination violates Title VII of the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1964 . Workplace protections are a major source of concern for advocates of rights for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people .
( Reporting by Andrew Chung ; Editing by Will Dunham )
Federal workers in A'Ibom moan over 4-yr blackout
Over 50 generators pollute the atmosphere daily
Govt owing , no electricity until they pay — PHCN staff
Civil servants forced to perform official duties on passageways
UYO — FEDERAL civil and public servants occupying the Federal Secretariat , Uyo , Akwa Ibom State , have cried out to Federal Government to save them from inhuman working conditions they have been subjected to during the last four years at the secretariat .
The secretariat located along Abak Road , in the state capital , NDV gathered , have been without electricity for the period , forcing most workers to hang around the passageways of the building to perform official duties . The workers decried the horrible conditions in which they perform their duties , especially as most of the ministries and agencies can not afford fuel to power their generators .
Over 50 generators emitting precarious carbon oxide : NDV noticed that as early as 9.00 am when most heads of the ministries and agencies would have resumed for the day 's official activities , over 50 generating sets hum at different points , causing a cacophony .
The generating sets , many yearning for replacement , emit dangerous carbon dioxide which the over 500 workers and visitors to the secretariat inhale throughout the hours of work , a development that health experts said was inimical to health .
On a visit to the secretariat from 12.00 pm , the situation is worse , as clouds of choking fumes envelope the sky , while hearing is impeded because of pollution and generator sounds from different corners of the gigantic building .
I met the secretariat in darkness – Iwok , NIMC boss
Heads of some of the ministries and agencies contacted NDV declined official comments on grounds with one of them saying : “ As you can see , we are civil servants and have no right to talk to the press on any matter except you call our boss in Abuja . ”
But , Akwa Ibom State coordinator , National Identity Management Commission , NIMC , Mr. Fred Brownson Iwok , whose commission is accommodated in the secretariat , spoke to NDV . They said : “ The greatest challenge of the commission in the state is electricity . ”
Mr. Iwok said when they resumed work at the commission in 2013 ; they met the secretariat already in darkness . They lamented the situation which they acknowledged as their greatest challenge , especially as they use electricity to carry out demographic and bio data aspects of their constitutional duties to the nation . He , however , disclosed that heads of resident federal establishments in the secretariat were working out modalities to address the situation .
PHCN alleges N20m debt : “ I am among the team that was asked to find out from PHCN what is wrong with power distribution to the secretariat . I was shocked when we were told in their office that we owed over N20 million even when they disconnected the facility at the time that the bill was less than N1 million , ” they asserted .
At the Public Complaint Commission , a staff who maintained anonymity said , “ The federal government should come to our aid , we are working with pains , I have never seen light in this office since I resumed here three years ago. ” The staff complained that only few directors , who have their personal funds , could afford to power their generating sets while some work with their staff under unbearable conditions .
“ All the revenue we generate here goes to the federal government account with this obnoxious TSA leaving us with nothing to operate with , ” a senior civil servant informed . They complained that the little funds approved for running the office are barely released on time leaving little or nothing to fuel the generators .
No payment , no electricity : At the office of PHCN , along IBB Avenue , Uyo , the district manager was said to have gone out on official assignment when NDV visited . A staff at the Billing Section , who refused to disclose their name , said : “ This is no longer NEPA , the government has privatized electricity , yet they have refused to pay bills . ”
The post Federal workers in A'Ibom moan over 4-yr blackout appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Notorious kidnapper Evans breaks down as they are placed in prison with “ common poor criminals ”
Suspected kidnap kingpin Chukwudemeje George Onwuamadike alias Evans is not finding it funny in police custody . They are weeping that they are being held among “ common poor criminals ” , The Nation learnt yesterday . The kingpin , who was arrested on Saturday at their 3 , Fred Shoboyede Street , Magodo , Lagos home , is being kept in a maximum security [ … ]
The post Notorious kidnapper Evans breaks down as they are placed in prison with “ common poor criminals ” appeared first on Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LONDON ( Reuters ) - HSBC on Monday said its deferred prosecution agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice has expired , marking an end to the threat of further punishment for lapses in its anti-money laundering controls .
HSBC said it has lived up to its commitments under the five-year deal signed in December 2012 , under which it pledged to strengthen its sanctions and anti-money laundering controls .
Europe 's biggest bank entered into the five-year agreement and paid a $ 1.9 billion fine for failing to prevent Mexican cartels from laundering hundreds of millions of dollars through the bank .
( Reporting by Lawrence White ; editing by Jason Neely )
ARVIAT , Nunavut — A Nunavut man died this week while protecting their children from a rare polar bear attack .
RCMP say Aaron Gibbons , 31 , was on an island about 10 kilometres from the hamlet of Arviat , along the west coast of Hudson Bay , on Tuesday afternoon when the bear attacked .
“ He was enjoying their day with their children , ” said Gordy Kidlapik , Gibbons 's uncle . “ They were surprised by a bear that had started to stalk or charge toward one of their children .
“ What ( Aaron ) did was they told their children to run away to the boat while they were putting themselves between the bear and their children to protect them . ”
The children , described as elementary school age , made it safely to the boat . One of the girls called for help on the CB radio .
“ We actually heard the call for help , ” said Kidlapik . “ It was terrible to listen to . ”
Gibbons was pronounced dead at the scene .
Kidlapik said their nephew would have had a rifle with him .
“ That island , you know , it 's one of the places where there will be bears . It 's normal to walk around with a rifle . ”
RCMP said Gibbons did n't have their rifle immediately to hand when the bear attacked . They said the bear was shot and killed by other adults on what is known as Century Island .
Kidlapik said many in the hamlet stood on the beach Tuesday night under the midnight sun as Gibbons 's body was brought home .
“ It 's a very big shock , ” they said .
“ There 's never been a mauling this serious since I started going out . It 's the first mauling that I know of . ”
Dan Pimentel of Nunavut 's Environment Department said the last fatal polar bear mauling was in 2000 near Rankin Inlet , about 200 kilometres up the coast from Arviat .
Pimentel said little information was immediately available as to the bear 's condition at the time of the attack .
“ That will have to wait until our conservation officers get there and are able to examine the bear . There 's only limited information you can get right away as to the health of the bear . ”
Arviat is considered to be in the range of the Western Hudson Bay polar bear population , estimated in 2016 to number about 840 . The Polar Bear Specialist Group , an international body of experts , says that number is stable although it notes declines in body size and condition .
The hunting quota for local bears has steadily increased to 38 this year from 28 in 2016 .
The Kivalliq Wildlife Board has said that bear-human encounters are growing .
The Nunavut government and the World Wildlife Fund have co-operated to reduce those conflicts , including steel food storage bins and electric fences around dog team pens . Nunavut is issuing kits containing flares , bear bangers and bear spray to help keep hunters safe .
Western Hudson Bay is estimated to be losing up to five days of sea ice cover per decade . The bears depend on the ice as a hunting platform .
A 2017 report from the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service on bear attacks found 73 recorded predatory attacks and 20 fatalities between 1870 and 2014 , although that list is likely to be incomplete .
Nearly two-thirds of the attacks were by young adult bears who were starting to starve . Nearly nine in 10 attacks occurred between July and December when the sea ice was at its lowest .
— By Bob Weber in Edmonton . Follow @ row1960 on Twitter
Heading into the half-way mark of the season , 11th-ranked Washington State hits the road for the first time for Saturday 's game against the Oregon Ducks .
Due to fluky scheduling , the Cougars played their first five games at home in Pullman . Coach Mike Leach was asked this week whether it 's weird to be leaving Martin Stadium for the first time in October .
“ Yeah a little bit , I think everybody 's kind of anxious for it at this point , you know , and looking forward to it , ” Leach said . “ This is a funny conference , teams on the road play well . ”
The Cougars ( 5-0 , 2-0 Pac-12 ) are coming off a statement-making 30-27 victory over then-No . 5 USC last Friday . Washington State has opened the season 5-0 for the first time since 2001 and the team is enjoying its highest ranking since the end of the 2003 season .
Oregon ( 4-1 , 1-1 ) is also coming off a win , but it was costly . The Ducks lost starting quarterback Justin Herbert in the first quarter with a broken collarbone in a victory over California .
Backup quarterback Taylor Alie left the game against Cal in the fourth quarter , paving the way for true first-year student Braxton Burmeister to make their first appearance in a game . They combined for 90 total yards passing , with the Ducks turning to their running game .
Alie and Burmeister practiced this week . Coach Willie Taggart was confident in both quarterbacks .
“ We 're not going to sit around and feel sorry for ourselves . Washington State , or anyone else , is not going to feel sorry for us . Next guy up and go practice . Make sure we 're ready to play , ” Taggart said .
FALK STOCK : Washington State quarterback Luke Falk 's profile was raised — again — against USC , when they threw for 340 yards and two touchdowns . With the Heisman buzz growing louder , the senior has thrown for 16 TDs with just two interceptions this season . He 's ranked fifth nationally with 1,178 passing yards , an average of 343.6 per game ( sixth nationally ) .
AUTZEN SHADE ? Leach acknowledged that Autzen Stadium in Eugene is the loudest stadium in the Pac-12 , but then went reeled off a long list of stadiums that are louder .
“ Oklahoma 's louder , A & M 's louder , Texas is on the bubble , Nebraska was definitely louder . … LSU 's is louder . I never went to Alabama . We beat Alabama , but it was at Kentucky , ” they said . “ Depending on or not whether you add the cowbells , Mississippi State 's comparable , Georgia 's louder , Florida 's louder . Definitely that one end zone of South Carolina 's louder . Tennessee 's louder . ”
“ Little Rock Arkansas , that 's the loudest place I ever played . Entirely concrete structure . It 's as if you held a football game in the neighbour 's basement and all the kids were yelling louder than hell , ” they added .
The Cougars have piped in noise at practice to prepare . Leach said the team is always working on its nonverbal communications .
ANOTHER LEACHISM : Washington State fans rushed the field in Pullman following Friday night 's victory , and Leach drew laughs when they described the celebration .
“ It 's like Woodstock , except everybody 's got their clothes on , ” they said .
In the end , though , the Pac-12 fined Washington State $ 25,000 for the postgame celebration . The league cited safety in adopting a rule last year on fines for both court and field storming .
WOUNDED DUCKS : In addition to Herbert , the Ducks lost running back Royce Freeman and receiver Dillon Mitchell to injury in the first half against Cal . Both Freeman and Mitchell are starters . Oregon was already missing receiver Charles Nelson because of a right ankle sprain .
Taggart officially listed those players as “ day-to-day ” earlier in the week , although Freeman practiced on Thursday . Herbert 's broken collarbone will keep them out for “ a while , ” the coach said .
Junior linebacker Kaulana Apelu fractured their ankle against the Golden Bears and is out for the season .
CHEESEBURGER , CHEESEBURGER : What does going on the road mean to Cougars running back Jamal Morrow ? Cheeseburgers .
The team is treated to burgers on its Alaska Airlines flights for road games . “ I 'm really excited to play an away game , ” Morrow said .
——
AP Sports Writer Nick Geranios in Washington contributed to this report .
——
More AP college football : http : //www.collegefootball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25 .
MILWAUKEE -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- May 30 , 2018 -- Rockwell Automation has joined Plug and Play 's corporate partnership network which provides access to qualified and strategically aligned early-and-growth stage startups .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006152/en/
Established in 2006 , Plug and Play is a global innovation platform that , through a series of industry-specific accelerator programs , brings together the best startups and the biggest corporations in the world . By accessing these programs , Rockwell Automation will now be able to identify , review , and leverage new and disruptive industrial IoT technologies developed by world-class start-ups which will enhance its industry-leading offerings in integrated architecture , intelligent motor control , and related solutions & services .
“ Our collaboration with Plug and Play demonstrates how we look to expand and accelerate innovation for industrial automation and information solutions , access new technologies , and better address customer needs , ” said Elik Fooks , Senior Vice President of Corporate Development at Rockwell Automation . “ With access to hundreds of startups and developers in Silicon Valley , we can positively impact the future of our industry , and the customer experience . ”
“ We are proud to have Rockwell Automation join our IoT platform . Their expertise in industrial automation and information will bring valuable insight to our ecosystem , ” said Saeed Amidi , Founder and CEO of Plug and Play . “ Our goal is to help them find the best and brightest startups so they can conduct successful pilots to grow their business . ”
About Plug and Play
Plug and Play is a global innovation platform . Headquartered in Silicon Valley , we have built accelerator programs , corporate innovation services , and an in-house VC to make technological advancement progress faster than ever before . Since inception in 2006 , our programs have expanded worldwide to include a presence in over 20 locations globally giving startups the necessary resources to succeed in Silicon Valley and beyond . With over 6,000 startups and 220 official corporate partners , we have created the ultimate startup ecosystem in many industries . We provide active investments with 200 leading Silicon Valley VCs , and host more than 700 networking events per year . Companies in our community have raised over $ 7 billion in funding , with successful portfolio exits including Danger , Dropbox , Lending Club , PayPal , SoundHound , and Zoosk . For more information , visit www.plugandplaytechcenter.com
About Rockwell Automation
Rockwell Automation ( NYSE : ROK ) , the world 's largest company dedicated to industrial automation and information , makes its customers more productive and the world more sustainable . Headquartered in Milwaukee , Wis. , Rockwell Automation employs 22,000 people serving customers in more than 80 countries .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006152/en/
CONTACT : Darice Brown
Rockwell Automation
414.382.4852 – office
414.698.9147 - mobile
dlbrown @ ra.rockwell.com
KEYWORD : UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA WISCONSIN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : TECHNOLOGY ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE INTERNET NETWORKS SOFTWARE OTHER TECHNOLOGY TRANSPORT MOBILE/WIRELESS MANUFACTURING LOGISTICS/SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT AEROSPACE AUTOMOTIVE MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING PACKAGING OTHER MANUFACTURING AUTOMOTIVE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES URBAN PLANNING CONSULTING CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY GENERAL AUTOMOTIVE
SOURCE : Rockwell Automation , Inc .
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 05/30/2018 01:26 PM/DISC : 05/30/2018 01:26 PM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006152/en
Just several days ago , the seemingly defunct Swedish duo known as The Knife rekindled their internet accounts , after about three years of resting dormant . We already got a glimpse at a now-recurring character , the Mother of Knives . In the last clip , the masked figure was offering a macabre cooking class . In the new clip , shared via the group 's Facebook page today and titled “ Mother of Knives Skill , ” reversed voices and languid string sections score a classic knife-throwing routine . But , as is the fashion with the outré Scandinavian brother-sister pair , there 's something extremely discomfiting about the funhouse atmosphere . Watch it below .
And thus , 20 years ago , the term `` Open Source '' was born . The Open Source Initiative formed shortly after that , and one of the working group 's founders — Bruce Perens — adapted the Free Software Guidelines they wrote for the Debian Linux distro to serve as the official Open Source Definition .
In the decades that followed , Open Source software and code have become inextricably woven into our shared digital lives , even in ways you might not be aware of . Sure , apps like LibreOffice and The GIMP get attention as full-featured replacements for costly , proprietary products , and Linux has made truly remarkable progress as a platform of choice in businesses around the world . In those cases , the value of Open Source is clear : It allowed contributors of different backgrounds and skill levels to collaboratively build valuable software .
Most people who buy Android devices , however , probably never think about the Open Source foundation of the software they use . Ditto for people who use WebKit-powered mobile browsers like Safari . The reach of Open Source code is almost unthinkably broad now , but as the Open Source Initiative celebrates the 20th anniversary of the Open Source label , we should take some time to remember that this was n't always the case .
After all , free software is n't exactly a new phenomenon . Its roots stretch back into the computing cultures of the '70s , but were more formally codified in the '80s by legendary hacker Richard Stallman in a manifesto for their then-incomplete GNU operating system . GNU was meant to be a fully Unix-compatible OS available to whoever needed it , or whoever wanted to modify it to better suit their needs . The subsequent rise of the free-software movement was n't one necessarily based on the needs of the market ; it was an ideological endeavor forged out of a belief that users can and should be able to use , modify and share programs in a way that provides and protects those same freedoms for others . Note that this interpretation of free software does n't necessarily take price into account . As the saying goes , it 's `` free '' as in `` freedom . ''
By the time the Open Source label was created , free projects like Linux ( and all its variations ) had already been embraced by major parties . The thing is , while the Open Source ethos was built on top of similar principles , the label itself was at least partially meant to close the gap between the free-software movement and the more mainstream business community . Eric S. Raymond , writer of the treatise that helped spark the Netscape situation , wrote in a note called Goodbye , `` free software '' ; hello , `` open source '' that the vague meaning of `` free '' software made `` corporate types '' nervous .
`` We now have a pragmatic interest in converting these people rather than thumbing our noses at them , '' Raymond said in their post . `` There 's now a chance we can make serious gains in the mainstream business world without compromising our ideals and commitment to technical excellence . '' '
When the Open Source Initiative was officially formed , its motive was n't explicitly to make freely available , freely modifiable software more palatable to businesses . It was to make such software more palatable to everyone , to prove that such accessible code was a viable alternative for — or in some cases , a valuable additive to — proprietary software . Needless to say , the industry got the picture .
As a result , however , tension began to develop between adherents to Stallman 's classical , ideologically pure approach to free software and the more market-friendly ethos embodied by the OSI . Even now , the debate has n't fully settled — just look at some of the myriad takes on the matter . Still , there 's little question that the groundswell of enthusiasm and advocacy for Open Source software that followed allowed valuable tools to flourish and adapt for use in ways we could n't have expected 20 years ago . As a result , Open Source software forms many of the technological foundations we take for granted , and will continue to fuel new ideas and new approaches to problems we as enter the movement 's third decade .
CHICAGO — The Laver Cup was a hit last year , and now Roger Federer is hoping it proves popular on U.S. soil .
The 20-time Grand Slam champion made their first-ever visit to Chicago on Monday to promote the second Laver Cup , a team competition that debuted last year in Prague .
Federer , shaking off a three-set loss to Juan Martin del Potro on Sunday in the final at Indian Wells that ended their 17-match winning streak , was joined by tennis legends Rod Laver and John McEnroe , along with young Australian star Nick Kyrgios .
Federer 's management team was instrumental in launching the Laver Cup , which pits Team Europe against Team World . After its third year , they said he 'll entertain possible changes to the format .
“ Down the road I 'm totally open to anything , ” Federer said . “ I 've heard already from women players . They would love to do it as well . ”
Four of the six players on each team are chosen on rankings after Wimbledon . The other two are captain 's picks , and captain McEnroe did n't wait Monday — they announced the talented Kyrgios was already on the World Team .
Kyrgios lost a tight final singles match to Federer in Prague last season , which clinched the cup for Team Europe .
What impact the Laver Cup has on the future of Davis Cup , the long-standing competition between nations , is still debatable . But there is a proposal from the International Tennis Federation to play the top level of Davis Cup in a single-week , 18-nation format . It must be approved by a vote of the membership .
“ It just takes so much out of the players to be available four weekends during the year every single year , ” Federer said . “ I played a lot of Davis Cup when I was younger and happy I did . I was happy it existed , but eventually it was just too much . ”
Federer added : “ I do believe that the Laver Cup has sparked some change , some inspiration to other cups that maybe we 'll see in tennis . But that 's a good thing . We 'll take that as a sign of flattery . ”
McEnroe , once a staple for the U.S. Davis Cup team , said changes in that competition are overdue and certainly the success of the Laver Cup has not gone unnoticed .
“ For me , I say , ‘ When 's the last time anyone 's asked me about how many Davis Cup teams I was part of winning ? ” ‘ McEnroe said .
“ In the last 10 years , how many people have asked me that ? You know how many people ? None . Which is sad , 'cause I played a lot of Davis Cup and I loved it . ”
The 2018 Laver Cup will be played Sept. 21-23 at United Center before returning to Europe the following year .
Over the weekend , a demonstration by white nationalists in Charlottesville , Virginia , turned deadly when a counterdemonstration was intentionally attacked by a malicious racist driving a speeding car . In the terrorist act , one person was killed , 32-year-old Heather Heyer , while 19 more were injured . And while our own president could n't be bothered to condemn the murder for what it is , many musicians , artists , and other politicians have taken firm stances against the ordeal . Now , the Dave Matthews Band , originally from Charlottesville , have come out with strong words as well . Read the statement , posted to the band 's website , below .
We are all disgusted by the acts of racist , hate-filled terrorism in our hometown this weekend . Like so many our hearts are broken . Our thoughts go out to the families and victims of these unbelievable acts . This is not the Charlottesville we know and love . This town has grown from its sometimes great but often difficult history and is marching toward an inclusive future . This murderous act and those who incited it are not what we aspire to be . We will work tirelessly , hand-in-hand with our community to help one another so we can all heal from this sickening display of horror . Hate speech disguised as free speech is cowardly and shameful . Such speech gives permission to the murderous crimes we witnessed today . There is nothing pure , acceptable , or philosophical about Nazism , or racism masked as heritage .
The multicultural tapestry that is America must come together , acknowledge our very difficult but remarkable history . We must move away from the racist and ignorant elements of our past toward an inclusive , kinder , more intelligent future .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Whether you 're celebrating or commiserating on A Level results day this Thursday ( August 17 ) , this offer from Nando 's will help .
Nando 's restaurants in Chester and Ellesmere Port are giving away a free 1/4 Chicken or Fire-Starter .
The restaurant chain , which is a firm favourite with teens , ran a similar offer last year .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
How do I claim my free food ?
You simply just turn up at your local Nando 's with your A Level ( or equivalent e.g . BTEC ) results slip and your ID and make a minimum spend of £7 .
When can I claim it ?
Thursday , August 17 , 2017 .
Chattacon is an annual Speculative Fiction Fan 's convention held in Chattanooga , Tennessee . A southeast tradition since 1976 Scifi , fantasy , horror , costuming , music room parties and an art show and dealers room .
Chelsea head coach Antonio Conte is fuming at midfielder Cesc Fabregas following their red against Burnley , according to The Times .
The Spain international was sent-off for two bookable offences during Saturday 's 2-3 defeat to the Clarets at Stamford Bridge in the Premier League champions ' first game of their title defence .
The Blues were already down to 10 men following captain Gary Cahill 's 14th-minute dismissal when Fabregas was given their marching orders .
They were reduced to nine men after the former Barcelona and Arsenal man lunged into a tackle on Burnley 's Jack Cork and picked up their second yellow card . They had earlier been booked for sarcastically applauding referee Craig Pawson .
Conte is not impressed . They had reportedly gone to great lengths during their half-time team talk to emphasise the importance of their players maintaining their discipline after the interval .
Fabregas and Cahill are now both suspended for next weekend 's London derby against Tottenham Hotspur .
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) -- Taiwan 's flag was hoisted and lowered for the last time yesterday in a closed ceremony at the Taiwan embassy in Panama 's capital city of the same name , a day after Panama suddenly announced it was switching diplomatic relations from Taiwan to the communist regime in China .
The ceremony , which began at 10:30 a.m. , was not open to the public and was only attended by embassy staff . As the flag was raised , the staff solemnly sang Taiwan 's national anthem .
According to a overseas Taiwanese man in Panama , who spoke to CNA , local media outlets have been criticizing the move to sever 107 years of relations with Taiwan in favor of China .
Although the Panamanian government had banned local media from attending the flag ceremony , media outlets still covered the event . Local Panamanian TV station TVN used a drone to film the ceremony , while the international Spanish language news agency EFE filmed the ceremony from the roof of its office next door .
In the EFE video , which was posted on YouTube , embassy staff members can bee seen folding the flag one last time as they fight back tears .
At the ceremony , Taiwan 's new ambassador to Panama , Miguel Tsao ( 曹立傑 ) reiterated Taiwan 's condemnation of of Panama 's decision and called for everyone to unite together to face the current challenges , according to an overseas Taiwanese man who attended the ceremony .
After the lowering of the flag and group photos were completed , the 107 years of friendship between Panama and Taiwan formally came to an end .
MINNEAPOLIS — Issa Rae said they feel that women 's voices have been amplified in the film and television worlds and she 's happy to be part of the group leading the change and opening doors for others .
“ I do think there 's a renaissance in so many different ways , ” the actor said at NFL 's Women 's Summit on Friday . “ We have a newfound power , a newly rediscovered power . We 're like , ‘ …We can speak up , and we can get stuff done , and we can make a change , and we can reclaim our stories . ”
“ It just seems so much more attainable ( for women ) because you are seeing a shift behind the scenes . ”
Rae 's words come on the heels of Greta Gerwig 's historic Oscar nomination for best director with “ Lady Bird , ” making them just the fifth woman nominated for the prestigious prize .
There have been major wins by women 's stories on television at the recent Emmy and Golden Globe Awards by HBO 's “ Big Little Lies ” and Hulu 's “ The Handmaid 's Tale , ” shows where actores Nicole Kidman , Reese Witherspoon and Elisabeth Moss also serve as executive producers .
Director Ava DuVernay made history with their Oscar and Golden Globe nominations , while Shonda Rhimes continues to be a force on television , launching hits on ABC with “ How to Get Away with Murder , ” “ Grey 's Anatomy ” and “ Scandal . ”
When asked by Maria Menounos about there being one opportunity for a minority actor or a woman on a show or project , Rae said , “ The one slot thing is ridiculous but there 's truth to it .
“ Because I think a lot of executives , people who put stuff on television have that mentality of , ‘ Oh , we have our black show , so sorry . Maybe try NBC . ' And that 's really discouraging in a way because there are so many stories to tell . ”
“ Insecure , ” which Rae created , produces and stars in , earned their two Golden Globe nominations and will return for its third season this year . It 's based on their hit web series , “ The Misadventures of Awkward Black Girl . ”
They said going from YouTube to HBO “ was a long journey of brokenness , you know . The first episode cost me $ 25 . ”
Rae launched a Kickstarter campaign to keep the series alive and music mogul Pharrell funded its second season . They said when the show 's fan base grew , networks were interested in building it up but Rae did n't agree with some of the ideas .
“ I had opportunities to take ‘ Awkward Black Girl ' to television really early on for big networks , but for them it was about shifting it and changing it to fit their standards , and that never appealed to me . I was not in a rush , ” they said .
Rae was one of the women who spoke at NFL 's third Women 's Summit held at the Pantages Theatre on Friday , days ahead of Super Bowl 52 . They spent Thursday night at a listening party at Paisley Park for Justin Timberlake 's new album .
The 33-year-old signed a development deal with HBO to produce more content like “ Insecure ” for the network . They said she 's thankful for their teachers in school who pushed them to reach their full potential .
“ I had a lot of good mentors in school , like my high school teachers , a college professor specifically who was just really encouraging in terms of pushing me forward , helping me graduate 'cause Lord knows that was hard to do , ” said Rae , who graduated from Stanford University .
“ Just because I liked extracurricular activities and I did n't like going to class , but you guys should go to class , ” they said to laughs .
———-
Online :
Group lauds Senate over Momoh 's confirmation as NERC Chair
Ezi Elite Forum of Igarra , Edo State , has commended Nigeria 's Senate for confirming the nomination of Prof. James Momoh as Chairman of the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission , NERC , saying it trusts Prof. Momoh to bring their wealth of academic qualifications , experience and expertise to bear in addressing the epileptic state of the power sector in Nigeria .
In a statement Tuesday at Igarra , headquarters of Akoko-Edo Local Government Area , Edo State , Mr. Saturday Jimoh , President of Ezi Elite Forum , said : “ We are proud to be associated with Prof. Momoh and have no doubt that their appointment is a case of putting a round peg in a round hole and a step taken in the right direction to genuinely find a lasting solution to the electricity problems in Nigeria . ”
Mr. Jimoh said Prof. Momoh 's appointment is recognition by President Muhammadu Buhari and meant to give them an opportunity to serve their fatherland in a capacity where they have the requisite qualification , expertise and experience to make the needed change in a sector relevant to all aspects of life and believes Prof. Momoh will deliver on this all-important national assignment which has been thrust into their hands .
Prof. Momoh 's confirmation followed Senator Eyinnaya Abaribe 's presentation of the report of the Senate Committee on Power to the Senate on April 17 , 2018 .
The group added that the Senate Committee on Power attested to their competence , expertise and qualification when Senator Abaribe , presenting the report , said : “ Mr . President , distinguished colleagues , the nominee , Prof. James Momoh was screened by the Senate Committee on Power . They have the credentials , and they have the experience , ” adding , “ The Committee , therefore , has no objection to their confirmation and I hereby submit that they should be confirmed . ”
The post Group lauds Senate over Momoh 's confirmation as NERC Chair appeared first on Vanguard News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Superproducer Swizz Beatz has been teasing a new solo album for over a decade now . Their last , One-Man Band , debuted in 2007 , and Pitchfork reports that the follow-up will finally be out this summer via Epic . The album is called Poison and it features Kendrick Lamar , Nas , Lil Wayne , Pusha-T , Young Thug , 2 Chainz , the Lox , Giggs , Jim Jones , and more .
According to Swizz , the Nas collaboration featured on Poison was originally recorded for an unreleased Nas full-length . Swizz and Nas made the album two years ago in LA . But that 's not the most surprising detail . Apparently , Swizz got Bono and Kanye West on a track together for Poison , but it was cut because it was “ too big. ” “ I took all the hits off my record , meaning anything that felt too big that the rest of the record would n't live , ” Swizz said . They also axed a collaboration with Bruno Mars because the track simply did n't fit Poison 's vibe and it 'll see release at a later date .
Swizz wrote 70 songs and whittled them down to the 10 for the album 's final tracklist . They told Pitchfork that they have four more albums ready to go ; Poison is a hip-hop album , but Swizz also completed an R & B album , an “ energy ” album , an “ acoustics ” album , and a “ global ” album that features international artists .
This story originally appeared on Stereogum .
Band reunion bundles are becoming increasingly popular to those of a certain age , even when some line-ups have changed beyond all recognition over the years .
Tonight , we 've substantial numbers of punks and skins out in force , keeping alive the attitude and fashions of their musical heroes , knowing full well there 's no better way to kick-start a bank holiday weekend than with five-and-a-half hours of all killer no filler punk , reggae and ska tunes that even the famously malevolent Yorkshire weather was powerless to spoil .
Ranking Roger of The Beat in Millennium Square , Leeds . Picture : Paul Clarke
Late arrivals may have missed the opening salvos of 2 Tone Records stalwarts The Selecter , Pauline Black and Arthur ‘ Gaps ' Hendrickson rolling back the years despite both probably being well north of 60 , producing a barnstorming run through of the bands the finest moments including ‘ Three Minute Hero ' , ‘ On My Radio ' and ‘ Too Much Pressure ' with a couple of choice covers , The Ethiopians ' ‘ Train to Skaville ' and Monty Norman 's ‘ James Bond ' thrown in for good measure .
Birmingham 's The Beat exist in two parallel versions these days , and tonight it 's the Ranking Roger rendition , here to reprise one of the finest two tone back catalogues , opening with the eerily prescient anti-tory call to arms ‘ Whine and Grine/Stand Down Margaret ' . Ranking Junior also features in this Beat line-up , both father and son conjuring up performances full of energy , expertly whipping up a somewhat chilly crowd , blasting through classics ‘ Too Nice to Talk To ' and ‘ Hands off She 's Mine ' , then concluding with the tour de force ‘ Mirror in the Bathroom ' , their memorable cover of ‘ Ca n't Get Used to Losing You ' tonight 's only notable absentee . We also get a couple of new numbers from the latest Beat release ‘ Bounce ' and although they sound decent enough and are generally well received , you do wonder how many here will check out this new material and indeed , consider them authentic new Beat songs . With the label celebrating its 40th anniversary next year , it would be great if the two Beats could get together as one , reuniting one of the most underrated acts of the early 80es ... we can only hope .
Between live sets the DJs performed admirably keeping everyone buoyed and as we hit the mid-point interval , the playlist gaining a punkier edge before Jake Burns and Ally McOrdie , together with the rest of their band Stiff Little Fingers graced the stage , getting everyone fired up once more with their punk classic ‘ Wasted Life ' , a welcome reminder to all how far we 've all come since the dark days of The Troubles . Fingers ' debut album ‘ Inflammable Material ' , the first independent LP to break into the UK top 20 , still stands up remarkably well with ‘ Suspect Device ' , ‘ Barbed Wire Love ' and ‘ Alternative Ulster ' all going down a storm tonight . We even get a belting cover of The Specials ' ‘ Does n't Make It All Right ' reinforcing the everlasting solidarity between the punk and 2-Tone camps .
With light fading the closing set is provided by Manchester 's favourite kitchen sink punksters Buzzcocks , still containing core members Pete Shelley and Steve Diggle as ‘ Boredom ' fills the air . For the uninitiated ‘ Singles Going Steady ' is still arguably one of the finest collections of pop songs one could own as Shelley , ever the picture of abject misery , deigns to share these beautifully crafted two-minute delights with everyone including ‘ I Do n't Mind ' , ‘ What Do I Get ? ' and the still brilliant ‘ Ever Fallen in Love ( With Someone You Shouldn't 've ' ) . I even get to see my personal Buzzcocks favourite ‘ Why Ca n't I Touch It ' played for the first time before everyone departs into the just about dry night , thrilled to have relived their teenage years once more , if only for a few hours .
The Selecter in Millennium Square , Leeds . Picture : Paul Clarke
The year Fredie Blom was born , in 1904 , Rolls-Royce rolled out its first car and the Wright brothers built their second powered airplane .
Theodor Seuss Geisel came into the world . New York opened its subway system and celebrated New Year 's Eve in Times Square . And American Major League Baseball player Denton True “ Cy ” Young pitched a perfect game .
Earlier this month , Blom , who is believed to be the oldest man alive , celebrated their 114th birthday at their home in Delft , a township outside Cape Town , South Africa , according to the Western Cape Department of Social Development . Video footage shows Bloom wearing a yellow and green baseball cap and a sport coat . In the video , they say that although they have lived a long life , they do not know the secret to their success .
“ There 's only one thing – it 's the man above , ” they said , crediting God for their longevity , according to BBC News . “ He 's got all the power . I have nothing . I can drop over anytime but They hold me . ”
“ I feel very healthy , I 'm good , ” Blom added . “ My heart is strong but it 's only my legs that are giving in – I ca n't walk the way I used to . ”
They told BBC News that they gave up alcohol years ago , but they still smoke tobacco several times per day . Specifically , they said , they smoke “ pills , ” a term used by the locals to mean tobacco rolled in newspaper , resembling a cigarette , according to BBC News .
“ I use my own tobacco because I do n't smoke cigarettes , ” the 114-year-old said .
But they want to quit .
“ The urge to smoke is so strong , ” they told BBC News . “ Sometimes I tell myself I 'm going to stop but it 's just me lying to myself . My chest chases me to have a puff and I 'm then forced to make a ‘ pill . '
“ I blame the devil for that because he 's so strong . ”
Still , it has n't seemed to hurt him . Blum has no real health issues – only a slower gait and some trouble hearing , according to BBC News .
In fact , they are believed to have outlived every other man on Earth , though the Western Cape Department of Social Development said in a statement that they have “ yet to be recognized by the Guinness World Records organization . ”
In April , Guinness World Records named Japan 's Masazo Nonaka as the oldest living person ( male ) . Nonaka , 112 , from Ashoro , Hokkaido , assumed the title from a man in Spain , who died this year at the age of 113 .
But it is France 's Jeanne Louise Calment who holds Guinness record for the “ oldest person ever. ” The woman , from Arles in southern France , was 122 when they died in 1997 .
Guinness World Records said Blum is not currently being considered for an award .
“ We receive many applications from individuals who claim to be the oldest living person ( male or female ) and see many reports about such individuals , ” a Guinness World Records spokesperson said in a statement Tuesday to The Washington Post . “ However , we ask for a great deal of paperwork and proof to substantiate claims that meet our official guidelines . We also work with various expert gerontologists and consultants who assist in the investigation of such claims to ensure our facts are correct . ”
But they said that if Blum wants to apply , Guinness will work to determine their eligibility .
It 's not only Blum 's long life that has made them a local celebrity , they are also still married .
Their wife , Jeanette , who is about three decades younger than him , told CGTN that the couple met at a dance and developed a friendship that lasted 12 years . Eventually , they said , the two got married and have been together for nearly 50 years .
Born in 1904 in Adelaide in the Eastern Cape province , Blum never went to school to learn how to read or write , according to BBC News . They earned their education outdoors , hunting birds , and later went to work as a farm laborer , installing precast concrete walls throughout Cape Town . It was n't until they reached their 80s that they retired .
Family members said they still work with their hands , “ making fire ” and working around the home .
“ God says , ‘ honor your father and your mother then your future will be good , ' ” Blum told News 24 .
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
BAKU , Azerbaijan — The subway in Azerbaijan 's capital has suspended service in the wake of a massive blackout in the Caspian Sea nation .
The authorities said the Baku subway will be closed for the entire day Wednesday due to unstable power supply . City officials provided extra buses to help commuters .
The power outage hit the ex-Soviet nation early Tuesday when a transformer at one of the nation 's power plants caught fire . It was the worst blackout in Azerbaijan since the 1991 Soviet collapse , and energy workers were struggling for a second day to restore supply .
President Ilham Aliyev has set up a government commission to investigate the reasons behind the blackout .
EDMONTON — A veteran of Alberta politics says they will not run in next spring 's provincial election .
NDP government house leader Brian Mason is bringing to a close three decades in public life , including 10 years as leader of Alberta 's New Democrats .
Mason , who is 64 , is also the minister of transportation and is the longest-serving member currently at the legislature .
The former transit bus driver and Edmonton city councillor says they will stay on until the election before leaving with an unblemished campaign record .
They served 11 years on city council , starting in 1989 , before jumping to the provincial NDP .
They carried their north Edmonton riding in a 2000 byelection and in five general elections after that .
Mason stepped aside as party boss in 2014 to make way for current NDP leader and Premier Rachel Notley .
Dozens of debutantes from around the world made their bows to society as 2016 came to a close .
The families of the 46 women who gathered Thursday night at The Pierre hotel on Manhattan 's Fifth Avenue had paid about $ 20,000 for a table and a chance to dine and waltz through an evening filled with air kisses and haute couture .
This year 's International Debutante Ball featured young women from countries including Canada , China , England , France , Scotland and the United States .
Chairwoman Margaret Hedberg said the gala is no longer `` a marriage mart . ''
`` The girls today are savvy about networking , and their parents want to celebrate their coming of age , '' Hedberg said . `` We have had daughters of presidents — Eisenhower , Nixon and Bush . We 've invited Ivanka Trump , who decided not to attend . And I would like to invite the Obama daughters , now that the president is leaving office . ''
The 2016 group included Caroline Jones , the granddaughter of Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones ; Lady Louisa Murray , daughter of the Earl of Mansfield , whose home is Scone Palace in Perth , Scotland ; and Wendy Yu , of London , the director of an investment firm and daughter of a Chinese billionaire .
`` The perception of the debutante ball is quite antiquated , '' said debutante Kittsie Klaes , from Houston , who is a film major at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland and plans on becoming a screenwriter in Hollywood . `` Now it really is an opportunity for young ladies to show what they 've accomplished and what they hope to become . ''
Here 's a gallery of images from the International Debutante Ball .
———
Follow AP photographers and photo editors on Twitter : http : //apne.ws/15Oo6jo
Business News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
The substation near GIMPA will boost power supply to 6,000 customers in and around the area
The Accra East Region of the Electricity Company of Ghana ( ECG ) has built a new primary substation worth $ 3.161million near the Ghana Institute of Management and Public Administration ( GIMPA ) to boost power supply to the 6,000 customers in and around the area .
The facility which brings to 22 the number of primary substations in the region , is expected to benefit residents at Kisseman , Westland , Achimota School , North Dzorwulu , Ghana Water Booster Station , Achimota Golf Park , Achimota Forest area , Pure Fire , Abofu , Christian Village , Dome , North Abelemkpe , West Legon and Mcbright Towers .
Project funding
The project was funded from the company 's internally-generated funds ( IGF ) .
“ As the city expands we try to keep up with the development with the increase in demand . Day in day out we study the load grid and plan to keep up with the demand , ” the Accra East Regional Manager of the ECG , Mr Jones Makumator , told the Daily Graphic .
They said following the completion of the project , the reliability of the supply of power in the area had improved , and that it was the primary substations that supplied power to the secondary substations that fed customers in their homes , factories , schools , hospitals , among other places .
Construction
They said the construction of the substations was a regular phenomenon in order to keep up with the load growth and to prevent the total collapse of the system .
Mr Makumator said before the construction of the GIMPA primary substation , “ complaints kept on coming from customers in the areas that have been mentioned , but since we finished the new primary substation the supply and quality have improved ” .
The situation had improved because the feeders that had been connected to the facility were not overloaded as they have enough room to supply more customers , they said .
“ We have a similar substation at Shiashie . A feeder like AK 10 , which is being fed from Shiashie is connected to the new primary substation too . So when the Shiashie primary substation is down , there is an alternative to feed its customers from GIMPA , ” they explained .
Hitherto , they said , when the Shiashie substation went down , customers had to wait till power was restored .
The Accra East Region of the ECG has seven districts : Makola , Roman Ridge , Teshie , Legon , Kwabenya , Dodowa and Mampong .
A black man gay Daddy Infidel on Twitter , shocked people with a statement claiming they slept with many other men in 2016 .
They claimed that they slept with at least 550 men and has already gone to bed with two in 2017 .
They also claimed that clarified that they are pro safer s * x and currently have no sexually transmitted diseases .
See their Tweet below ;
BEIJING ( AP ) — The head of an American business group says Chinese officials have warned `` there will be retaliation '' if President Donald Trump launches trade remedies in disputes over technology , steel and other issues .
The chairperson of the American Chamber of Commerce in China , William Zarit , said Tuesday the officials gave no details of which actions might trigger a Chinese response or what that might be .
At a news conference , Zarit mentioned disputes over technology , steel and other issues , and said if Washington takes action , `` I have been told by certain officials that yes , definitely , there will be retaliation . ''
Another chamber official , Lester Ross , said the group has been told Washington is preparing to announce results of an investigation into whether Beijing improperly pressures companies to hand over technology .
WHITE BEAR LAKE , Minn. — Prosecutors say a Minnesota man lived in their house with the decomposing bodies of their mother and twin brother for about a year .
Sixty-year-old Robert James Kuefler of White Bear Lake is charged with interference with a dead body or scene of death because they neglected to tell authorities they died of natural causes , according to the St. Paul Pioneer Press .
The bodies were found last year . Kuefler was charged this week . Police say they told them their mother , 94-year-old Evelyn Kuefler , died in August 2015 and their brother , Richard Kuefler , died before that and they could n't bring themselves to bury them .
The complaint says their mother 's body was decayed and skeletal and their brother 's body was “ mummified . ”
Robert Kuefler did n't return a message left by The Associated Press .
——
Information from : St. Paul Pioneer Press , http : //www.twincities.com
Ashkelon mayor Itamar Shimoni announced Tuesday in an Army Radio interview that they are considering suing the women who submitted complaints against them `` so that they do n't do similar acts to other people , '' but added that `` I want to get back to running the city . ''
The Tel Aviv Magistrates Court announced to Shimoni Monday that the sexual harassment case against them had been closed .
“ Injustice was done to Janet Lim Napoles , ” top government lawyer said Wednesday .
Government lawyers led by Solicitor General Jose Calida sought a reversal of Napoles ' conviction for serious illegal detention for lack of evidence .
In 2015 , Napoles , the alleged brains behind the P10-billion pork barrel scam , was convicted by Judge Elmo Alameda of Makati City Regional Trial Court Branch 150 and sentenced them to a jail term of up to 40 years for charges of serious illegal detention filed by Benhur Luy , their cousin and trusted aide .
ADVERTISEMENT
Napoles appealed the lower court 's decision to the Court of Appeals . Since it is a People of the Philippines case , the Solicitor General was ordered to respond .
“ The OSG ( Office of the Solicitor General ) is the defender of the Republic and at the same time the tribune of the people . I am a servant of the law and I took an oath to uphold the rule of law , ” Calida said in a press conference .
Calida said they reviewed the case of Napoles and found out that there were many instances to support Napoles ' acquittal .
“ We will not do justice if we will not make right what is wrong , ” they said .
“ Justice will not send an innocent person to the gallows . It is my bound duty to state the facts , ” they added .
Luy accused Napoles of detaining them at Bahay ni San Jose in Magallanes Village . They said Napoles detained them to prevent them from spilling the beans about the pork barrel scam .
However , Calida said records of the case did not show any witness testifying and confirming about Luy 's detention .
Contrary to Luy 's claim , they said there are evidence showing that while in the retreat house , their family was able to visit him , they can use mobile phones and even go out with friends . They added that Luy resisted the National Bureau of Investigation ( NBI ) which was supposed to rescue him .
“ So you can see the conduct of Benhur Luy belie the fact that they were detained , ” Calida said .
“ Can your conscience say that they should be convicted ? ” they asked .
But Calida clarified that they never filed their manifestation for the purpose of acquitting Napoles .
“ We want the Court of Appeals to know what is our opinion on the matterid , ” Calida said .
They said it is still the Court of Appeals ' discretion if it will consider their manifestation .
Calida also denied that the Solicitor General 's move was a favor considering that Napoles ' lawyer was reportedly close to President Rodrigo Duterte .
They said the OSG is only doing their mandate . They are reviewing other cases and they will not hesitate to file a similar manifestation if the facts of any case calls for it .
RAM
AUSTIN , Texas — The series of bombings this month in the Texas capital city of Austin has generated a vast response by state and federal law enforcement agencies that are sifting through hundreds of tips to find what Austin Police Chief Brian Manley has described as a serial bomber .
Here 's a look at the investigation so far , by the numbers :
— 2 , 4 : Number of people killed and the number wounded . The first explosion occurred March 2 , killing a 39-year-old man . A 17-year-old boy was killed and two women were injured in two separate blasts on March 12 . The latest happened Sunday evening , injuring 22- and 23-year-old men .
— 500 : The number of leads that have been closed since the bombings began , according to Fred Milanowski , special agent in charge of the Houston division of the ATF .
— $ 115,000 : Amount of reward being offered for a tip leading to a conviction .
— 350 : Number of FBI agents currently involved in the investigation , according to FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs . Hundreds of other law enforcement personnel also are involved , including those with Austin police and the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives .
— 240 : Approximate number of interviews conducted with witnesses , people calling in tips and others since the first explosion .
— 600 : Calls that Austin police have responded to for suspicious packages since the second and third blasts happened March 12 .
KIEV , Ukraine — Mikheil Saakashvili , the former Georgian president turned opposition leader in Ukraine , appeared in court Monday in the Ukrainian capital for a hearing on whether they should continue to be held in custody .
Saakashvili was arrested Friday on allegations that they colluded with Ukrainian business people tied to Russia to topple President Petro Poroshenko . Saakashvili rejected the allegations and is refusing food to protest their detention .
“ I consider myself a prisoner of Ukrainian oligarchs , ” they said in an apparent reference to the business background of Poroshenko , who ran a chocolate business before they were elected president .
About 200 of Saakashvili 's supporters scuffled with police outside the Pechersky District court that deliberated on whether to keep them in custody .
They called for calm , saying in the courtroom that “ we do n't want confrontation , we do n't want any sharp moves . ”
Yulia Tymoshenko , a former prime minister who leads an opposition party , attended the hearing in a show of support for Saakashvili .
It was unclear when the decision on custody would come .
On Sunday , thousands of Saakashvili 's supporters marched across Kyiv , demanding their release and calling for Poroshenko to be impeached .
Saakashvili was a key figure in the 2003 Rose Revolution protests that drove Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze from office . They served two terms as Georgian president in 2004-2013 , winning broad acclaim for their anti-corruption efforts , but drawing criticism over a disastrous war with Russia and what their opponents saw as an authoritarian streak .
Poroshenko named them the governor of Ukraine 's Odesa region in 2015 , but Saakashvili resigned the following year , claiming that Poroshenko and other officials were impeding anti-corruption reforms , and became a strong critic of their former patron .
Georgia stripped Saakashvili of their citizenship after their move to Ukraine . Poroshenko this summer rescinded their Ukrainian citizenship while Saakashvili was out of the country , leaving Saakashvili stateless .
They forced their way into Ukraine in September , barging across the border with Poland with the help of a crowd of supporters .
NPAN to FG , Call EFCC to order
Newspaper Proprietors ' Association of Nigeria , NPAN , said the invasion of The Sun newspapers by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , EFCC , is an attempt to intimidate journalists . In a statement issued on Tuesday , Chairman , NPAN , Nduka Obaigbena , said the invasion of media houses did not work in the past and would not work now . While [ … ]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot : Nigerian Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Alejandro Escovedo , June 1 , 7:45 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . Tickets $ 48 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Big Bad Voodoo Daddy , June 1 , 8 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 47.50 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Solo Spotlight : Mika Sasaki , June 3 , noon , Congregation Shir Shalom , 46 Peaceable Street , Ridgefield . Free .
Marcia Ball , June 5 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Blues . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
The B-52s , June 5 , 8 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 130 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Ry Cooder , June 6 , 8 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 89- $ 95 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Mishka , June 7 , 7:45 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . Reggae . Tickets $ 25 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Satisfaction , June 7 , 8 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 35 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Los Lonely Boys , June 7 , 8 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . They will perform with Elliot and The Ghost . Tickets $ 65 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Summer Jam For A Cause , June 8 , 5 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . The event includes music , food and games . Free . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Lamboginny , June 9 , 11:30 a.m. , Norfield Congregational Church , 64 Norfield Rd. , Weston . They will present a day-long African Music Festival to benefit SALT ( Saving All Lives Together ) . Suggested donation $ 20 . Info : savingalllivestogether.com .
Mary Knysh , June 9 , at 7:30 p.m. , Mark Twain Library , 439 Redding Rd. , Redding . Register online . Info : marktwainlibrary.org .
Phil Ochs Song Night , June 9 , 8 p.m. , Voices Café , The Unitarian Church in Westport , 10 Lyons Plains Rd. , Westport . Tickets $ 25 . Info : voicescafe.org .
The Stratford Community Concert Band , June 12 , 7 p.m. , Paradise Green Gazebo , 121 Huntington Rd. , Stratford . Free .
The Bumper Jacksons , June 12 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
David Crosby , June 12 , 7:30 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 126 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Samantha Fish , June 13 , 7:45 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . Blues . Tickets $ 28 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
The Posies , June 14 , 7:45 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . They will perform with Terra Lightfoot and the Shellye Valauskas Experience . Tickets $ 35 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Mystic Bowie 's Talking Dreads , June 15 , 8 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . Reggae . Tickets $ 27 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
The Subdudes , June 15 , 8 p.m. , Palace Danbury , 165 Main St. , Danbury . Tickets $ 40- $ 50 . Info : thepalacedanbury.com .
Joe Neumann , June 16-17 and 23-24 , noon to 2 p.m. , Connecticut Post Mall , 1201 Boston Post Rd. , Milford . Free . Info : joeneumannmusician.com .
Al Di Meola , June 16 , 8 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 49.50 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Audra McDonald , June 16 , 8:30 p.m. , Caramoor Center for Music and Arts , 149 Girdle Ridge Rd. , Katonah . Tickets $ 45- $ 110 . Info : caramoor.org
School of Rock , June 17 , noon , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . Tickets $ 20 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Family Concert : The Knights , June 17 , 1 p.m. , Caramoor Center for Music and Arts , 149 Girdle Ridge Rd. , Katonah . Tickets $ 20 . Info : caramoor.org
The Knights , June 17 , 4 p.m. , Caramoor Center for Music and Arts , 149 Girdle Ridge Rd. , Katonah . Tickets $ 30- $ 65 . Info : caramoor.org
Anders Osborne Solo , June 17 , 7:45 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . They will perform with Jay Psaros . Tickets $ 58 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Stephen Stills and Judy Collins , June 18 , 7:30 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 130 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
The Black Lillies , June 19 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Rock . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Marc Broussard , June 19 , 8 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . They will perform with Jamie McLean . Tickets 35 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Rhiannon Giddens , June 20 , 8 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 55 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
The Fairfield Counts , June 21 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Big band . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Trace Adkins , June 21 , 8 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 150 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Verona Quartet , June 21 , 7 p.m. , Caramoor Center for Music and Arts , 149 Girdle Ridge Rd. , Katonah . Tickets $ 20- $ 40 . Info : caramoor.org
Loretta Egan Murphy , June 21 , 7:45 p.m. , St. Gabriel 's Parish Hall , 26 Broadway , Milford . They will perform the concertina and button accordion . Free . Info : call 203-876-9973 .
Sō Percussion , June 22 , 7 p.m. , Caramoor Center for Music and Arts , 149 Girdle Ridge Rd. , Katonah . Tickets $ 20- $ 40 . Info : caramoor.org
Early Elton , June 22 , 7:45 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . Rock . Tickets $ 38 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
American Roots Music Festival , June 23 , noon , Caramoor Center for Music and Arts , 149 Girdle Ridge Rd. , Katonah . Tickets $ 35- $ 90 . Info : caramoor.org
Pat Benatar & Neil Giraldo , June 23 , 8 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 125 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Apollo 's Fire , June 24 , 3 p.m. , Caramoor Center for Music and Arts , 149 Girdle Ridge Rd. , Katonah . Tickets $ 35- $ 70 . Info : caramoor.org
Clueless , June 24 , 8 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . Rock . Tickets $ 20 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Bandstand , June 25 , 7 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 18 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Low Down Brass Band , June 26 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Isabel Leonard & Sharon Isbin , June 28 , 7 p.m. , Caramoor Center for Music and Arts , 149 Girdle Ridge Rd. , Katonah . Tickets $ 24- $ 55 . Info : caramoor.org
Paul des Lauriers Band , June 28 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Canadian blues . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Kamasi Washington , June 28 , 8 p.m. , Fairfield Theatre Company , 70 Sanford St. , Fairfield . West Coast jazz . Tickets $ 38 . Info : fairfieldtheatre.org .
Kronos Quartet , June 29 , 7 p.m. , Caramoor Center for Music and Arts , 149 Girdle Ridge Rd. , Katonah . Tickets $ 25- $ 55 . Info : caramoor.org
Drew Cole , June 29 , 7:30 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 35 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Orchestra of St. Luke 's , June 30 , 7 p.m. , Caramoor Center for Music and Arts , 149 Girdle Ridge Rd. , Katonah . Tickets $ 25- $ 80 . Info : caramoor.org
Unspoken , June 30 , 8 p.m. , Ridgefield Playhouse , 80 East Ridge Rd. , Ridgefield . Tickets $ 35 . Info : ridgefieldplayhouse.org .
Laura Cortese & the Dance Cards , July 3 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Eileen Ivers , July 5 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Irish fiddle . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Las Cafeteras , July 10 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
The Stratford Community Concert Band , July 10 , 7 p.m. , Paradise Green Gazebo , 121 Huntington Rd. , Stratford . Free .
The Birds of Chicago , July 12 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Gil Parris , July 14 , 8 p.m. , Bijou Theatre , 275 Fairfield Ave. , Bridgeport . Tickets $ 20- $ 35 . Info : BijouTheatreCT.net .
The Revelers , July 17 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Molly Tuttle Band , July 19 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Bluegrass . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Dustbowl Revival , July 24 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Hot Club of Cowtown , July 26 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Jamie McLean Band , July 31 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
The Steel Wheels , Aug. 2 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . String band . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Radio Free Honduras , Aug. 7 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Latin . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Erin Harpe & the Delta Swingers , Aug. 9 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Blues . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
David Myles , Aug. 14 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Della Mae , Aug. 16 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
Janiva Magness , Aug. 21 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Info : chirpct.org .
Ramy Essam , Aug. 23 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Info : chirpct.org .
Los Texmaniacs , Aug. 28 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Conjunto band . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
C.J . Chenier & the Red Hot Louisiana Band , Aug. 30 , 7 p.m. , Ballard Park , 485 Main St. , Ridgefield . Zydeco . Free . Info : chirpct.org .
PHILADELPHIA — The fourth nor'easter in three weeks is set to smack the East Coast on the first day of spring .
The National Weather Service says the bulk of the dangerous , wind-driven snow and sleet is expected to wallop New Jersey , Maryland , Delaware and parts of eastern Pennsylvania before heading off to Nantucket early Thursday .
Sleet and freezing rain are expected on Tuesday afternoon , the first day of spring . On Wednesday , about 6 to 9 inches of snow is expected , with some areas getting nearly a foot .
Brian Hurley is the senior forecaster at the National Weather Service 's Weather Prediction Center . They say four nor'easters in three weeks is highly unusual , but it happens when a weather pattern locks in .
Brandon Bridge is n't playing football for Canada .
He 's playing in the Canadian Football League for the Saskatchewan Roughriders . That 's an important distinction .
But the very existence of a Canadian quarterback produces such widespread elation ( We can do it ! ) and despair ( Why is Bridge the only one ? ) that the significance of their performance , or lack thereof , can transcend Regina and the Riders roster . And they feel the spotlight and the responsibility to pave the way for more Canadians .
The focus on the 26-year-old from Mississauga , Ont. , intensified just before CFL training camps opened when Calgary native Andrew Buckley chose medical school over the No . 2 spot on the Stampeders ' depth chart .
That left Bridge alone to carry the Canadian flag .
They did so inconspicuously on the sidelines until a concussion in Week 2 put Riders starter Zach Collaros on the six-game injured list . Bridge then carried the flag into battle against Montreal on Saturday night , making just their third start in four years .
It was a brief and unsuccessful appearance . Some observers , such as TSN broadcaster and former Canadian Football League safety Glen Suitor , said it was too brief .
“ Because it 's a Canadian quarterback , there is less patience , ” Suitor said as Bridge 's replacement David Watford struggled through the second half and the Riders lost to the Alouettes .
Because Bridge is a Canadian quarterback , there is certainly more attention from fans , pundits and the league itself . And something might just come from it .
“ One of the things we have not done a lot of as a league is we have not had a comprehensive football development strategy for the nation , ” CFL commissioner Randy Ambrosie told Postmedia during a pre-season interview .
“ I think we 've got to sit down with all of our partners . We just sit down with Football Canada and have a conversation . How do we grow the game ? How do we get more kids playing ? You 've got to get massive participation in the game because that 's going to get your best athlete .
“ Your best athletes are going to choose to play this sport and what will emerge out of that is going to be a slew of people who might be that next superstar quarterback . ”
History shows that athlete is more likely to be an offensive lineman .
“ We 've got to find a way to get more athletes to choose football who are good athletes with a different profile , ” Ambrosie said . “ We 've got to work hard with junior . I think we are underappreciating how powerful junior can be . We 've got to work at the university system more than we have . ”
A mandatory internship program that started in 2012 brings nine U Sports quarterbacks to CFL training camps . B.C . starter Jonathon Jennings is a big fan .
“ I think they have a really cool process with the interns coming in . I thought that was outstanding . First time I saw it in my rookie year I thought , ‘ this would be cool if they did it in the NFL , ' ” Jennings said .
“ I think they 're grooming those guys in a really good manner . I 'm not sure what more you could do , unless you considered the quarterback a ratio player . ”
Ratio rules demand that teams include 20 Canadians on their roster , including at least seven starters , but do not affect the quarterback position . The ratio argument has been raised , debated , discounted and debated some more . It was raised by Bridge in an off-season chat with Ambrosie . It was raised again on Twitter even as Bridge was struggling against Montreal .
In the absence of administrative advantage , the alternative is more and better development at the grassroots level to ensure an increase in numbers at the pro level . Stampeders quarterback Bo Levi Mitchell notices a huge skills deficit at the youth camps they work in Calgary .
“ They 're very behind at the ages we 're coaching them at , ” Mitchell said . “ In the south , there are football camps , quarterback camps , one-on-ones with quarterback coaches . There is no shortage of ex-NFL and college quarterbacks , Heisman winners or national championship winners to learn from . We can go anywhere in every state and find a guy . That 's just not the case up here . ”
That part of the numbers game will always favour the development of Americans . But Ambrosie is n't prepared to accept defeat .
They said the league needs to invest more thought and resources before reaching any conclusions on the long-term fate of the Canadian quarterback .
“ We have to set some big , hairy , audacious targets for participation and we have to invest in that as a country and as a football ecosystem , ” they said .
“ I think then and only then can we ever know just how many Canadian quarterbacks we can ultimately see starting and contributing to the CFL , because we just have n't done enough at this stage . ”
The power ranking
D'haquille Williams wins respect , recognition
When trying to defend against D'haquille ( Duke ) Williams , it may be a poor choice to offend him .
That 's apparently what B.C . linebacker Solomon Elimimian did when they told the Eskimos receiver that Williams did n't even show up in the Lions ' scouting report prior to last week 's game at Commonwealth Stadium .
Perhaps Elimimian was just messing with him .
“ I think they were serious . I took offence to that , ” said Williams .
Did they ever . They took 129 yards of offence and scored a 64-yard touchdown and a pair of two-point converts .
“ I had to make them respect me one way or another , ” said Williams , a 25-year-old from Los Angeles . “ We 're grown men . We came out with the victory . So I know they know who I am now . ”
If not , Elimimian need only consult the CFL statistics . Williams now leads the league with 308 receiving yards on 14 catches in three games , while teammate Derel Walker is on their heels at 299 . Throw in Kenny Stafford at 196 and the Eskimos have the most productive trio , with a combined 803 yards .
Hamilton 's top three pass-catchers Jalen Saunders ( 248 ) , Brandon Banks ( 247 ) and Luke Tasker ( 230 ) have produced a total of 725 yards . The only other CFL team with three receivers in the top 11 is Calgary , but their corps of Eric Rogers ( 201 ) , Kamar Jorden ( 192 ) and Davaris Daniels ( 187 ) lags behind at 580 combined yards .
“ Duke is a challenge for any defence to cover in this league , ” said Edmonton quarterback Mike Reilly . “ Time and time again they continue to step up and make big plays . They still have the ability they had last year to hit the home run down the sideline , but he 's also shown a lot more to their repertoire catching balls across the middle . ”
At six-foot-three and 225 pounds , the Auburn alum is up to the challenge .
“ I 'm prepared for everything , ” said Williams . “ I 'm willing to take on anybody , from D-linemen to linebackers to DBs . I 'm built for it . I 'm here to make them respect me . ”
They had to earn the respect of their teammates and coaches first . As a rookie in 2017 , Williams . They went over 100 yards receiving in four of their 13 games , en route to 715 total . But they had to become more than just a one-dimensional deep threat .
“ Trust , that 's the difference , ” they said . “ Last year I was just a vertical guy . Now I 'm all around . I 'm just trying to work , stay in my lane and play my role . That 's all it 's about , playing my part for this team .
“ Whenever the ball comes my way , I 'm trying to make the play . ”
They present a big target for Reilly and can often turn a 50-50 ball in the Eskimos ' favour .
“ The ball does n't always have to be perfect , ” said head coach Jason Maas . “ He can go up and elevate as good as anybody in our league . ”
The numbers
39 League-leading number of points scored off turnovers by the Calgary Stampeders in three games . The Toronto Argonauts have scored just 26 points total in two games .
4,563 Days between the last two wins of Mike Sherman 's professional coaching career . They guided the Green Bay Packers to a 23-17 victory over Seattle on Jan. 1 , 2006 and their Alouettes beat Saskatchewan on Saturday , also 23-17 .
1 Number of games decided by four points or fewer this year . If that meagre pace is maintained , there will be just seven through all 81 games , down from 25 in 2017 , 22 in 2016 and 28 in 2015 .
The quote
“ Sometimes they do n't have the best eyes as a corner . Sometimes they get lost back there. ” — Montreal receiver Chris Williams on Saskatchewan 's Duron Carter , during a halftime conversation with TSN 's Farhan Lalji on Saturday .
The picks
Hamilton ( 2-1 ) at Saskatchewan ( 1-2 )
Thursday – 9 p.m . ET
The Tabbies are a legit contender , the Riders are in troubling disarray on offence . That smells like another road win for a team that boasts the CFL 's leading passer in Jeremiah Masoli , the deepest corps of receivers and a strong Canadian running attack . The Ticats lead the league in passing yards , completions , percentage and average gain per pass . The Rider defence is only so-so against the pass , and yes , some of that has to do with the trials and tribulations of erstwhile cornerback Duron Carter . Hamilton 's chances of success will go up if Riders head coach Chris Jones does n't read the tea leaves and move Carter back on offence full-time . Hamilton by seven .
Ottawa ( 1-1 ) at Montreal ( 1-2 )
Friday – 7:30 p.m . ET
The Redblacks stumbled mightily in Calgary by repeatedly giving the ball away to a team that capitalizes more than any other on turnovers . The Alouettes ' offence likely wo n't be nearly that dangerous or opportunistic , particularly if QB Drew Willy does n't come back from a helmet-to-helmet hit in Regina . Jeff Mathews cleaned up in the win over the Riders but did n't look particularly efficient . Ottawa 's stout defence , which has given up an average of 348 yards of offence per game , will present a serious challenge to whomever gets the ball for Montreal . The Alouettes wo n't have to wait another 323 days for a win , but they 'll probably have to wait at least another two weeks , as they have the bye next week . Ottawa by 10 .
Edmonton ( 2-1 ) at Toronto ( 0-2 )
Saturday – 5:30 p.m . ET
Coming off the bye , the Argos are rested but their new starting quarterback is largely untested . James Franklin goes head to head with their old teammates , including QB Mike Reilly , and the experience deficit might be a costly one . Even in the hands of the now-injured Hall of Famer Ricky Ray , the Argos were producing a measly 13 points per game , worst in the CFL . While the Eskimos ' rebuilt defence is very much a work in progress , in the hands of Reilly the offence is always a dangerous machine and should be the difference . Edmonton by 10 .
B.C . ( 1-1 ) at Winnipeg ( 1-2 )
Saturday – 8:30 p.m . ET
Another battle of one-win teams shapes up as a narrow victory for the home squad , but only if the Blue Bomber defence tightens up , particularly in the secondary . Winnipeg 's tendency toward zone defence has yielded an average of 302 passing yards to each of three opponents , better only than the Lions ' defence , which gives up 303.5 passing yards per game . Winnipeg 's rookie QB Chris Streveler likes to run and throw , and they have also handed the ball off more than any other pivot . The Lions are n't good against the run , as evidenced by C.J . Gable 's romp last week . Winnipeg by three .
• Email : dbarnes @ postmedia.com | Twitter : @ sportsdanbarnes
