WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve 's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May , even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty caused by rising trade tensions .
The Fed said in the survey released Wednesday that the economy is expanding at a moderate pace . More than half of the central bank 's 12 regions reported a pickup in industrial activity and a third of the districts described manufacturing conditions as “ strong . ”
The survey was taken after the Trump administration announced plans to institute tariffs of 25 per cent on steel imports and 10 per cent on aluminum , actions designed to boost domestic producers .
It will inform discussions when the central bank meets on June 12-13 . Economists believe the central bank will boost rates for a second time this year as the Fed gradually pushes its benchmark rate higher .
The administration in March imposed punitive tariffs on steel and aluminum imports on the grounds of national security . It granted temporary exemptions to the European Union , Canada and Mexico — but that reprieve is scheduled to end Friday .
The Fed survey , known as the beige book , found that among the manufacturing sectors reporting new strength were fabricated metals , heavy industrial machinery and electronics equipment . Fabricated metals in particular would be a prime beneficiary of higher tariffs on imported steel and aluminum .
The survey said while the outlook for near-term growth is upbeat , businesses did express concern about uncertainty being increased by the administration 's actions in trade policy . Many economists have also expressed concern that the higher tariffs on imported goods could boost inflation in this country and act as a drag on growth .
The beige book noted prices in general are rising at a moderate pace although there were reports of rising materials costs , notably for steel , aluminum , oil , lumber and cement .
Ksenia Bushmeneva , an economist at TD Economics , said trade tariffs are already having an impact on raw materials costs , with lumber prices up 35 per cent since the start of the year and the price of steel , used in autos and many other products , up 40 per cent .
“ At the end of the day , American consumers will pick up the bill as companies are increasingly passing higher costs on to consumers , ” Bushmeneva said .
Almost Done !
Please confirm your details below .
Already have an account ? Sign In .
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you . The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you . You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile . Birthdate { * birthdate * } Gender { * gender * }
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers ( e.g . epaper , Digital Access , Subscriber Rewards ) , please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code . { * phone * } { * addressPostalCode * } { * phone * } { * addressPostalCode * }
{ * # registrationForm * } { * firstName * } { * lastName * } { * emailAddress * } { * displayName * } { * newPassword * } { * newPasswordConfirm * }
By clicking `` Create Account '' , I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account .
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia 's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia 's Privacy Statement . I consent to the collection , use , maintenance , and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia 's Privacy Policy .
{ * backButton * }
{ * /registrationForm * }
PARIS — An international economic watchdog says threatened new trade barriers and rising oil prices could hurt long-awaited global economic growth .
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said Wednesday that “ the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence ” and tariffs “ would negatively influence investment and jobs . ”
The Paris-based agency did not specifically name U.S. President Donald Trump , but its forecast comes as their administration threatens tariffs or other limits on foreign steel and cars . Other countries have threatened retaliatory trade barriers .
The OECD also said persistently high oil prices could push up inflation and push down household incomes .
After a first-quarter slowdown , the OECD slightly revised down its forecast for world economic growth this year to 3.8 per cent , with 3.9 per cent expected next year .
AUSTINTOWN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – It 's been two months since a body found in a freezer in Campbell was identified as that of 28-year-old Shannon Graves . The family has n't wanted to talk publicly about what happened — until Friday .
There were lots of hugs around the gazebo at Austintown Township Park — as the family of Graves held an evening to remember them
It was organized by their sister Debbie DePaul .
“ Shannon was their own little spirit , ” they said . “ She was a free spirit . ”
One of Shannon 's good friends was John Skarada .
“ She was awesome , ” they said . “ She was a great person . Always full of energy . On top of everything that they did . Really focused . ”
“ She has a lot of friends , ” Graves ' father Ronnie DePaul said . “ You can tell by the people who are coming here . ”
DePaul said he 's handling it because they have to .
“ What I do n't understand is what they could have done to have these two people to do what they did to her , ” DePaul said . “ I only got to bury part of a body . ”
“ I knew it before I heard it , ” Skarada said . “ Just everything around them being missing was n't right . We kind of did n't know the specifics or gruesomeness of it , but figured pretty much something like that had happened . ”
One way Shannon was remembered was with pictures — scattered on the railing through the gazebo .
There were also candles and boxes of tissues . T-shirts were being sold , saluting Youngstown girls on the front and “ Justice for Shannon ” written on the back .
Even Shannon 's dog Molly — now in the care of Debbie — was there .
“ It 's not the easiest , ” Debbie DePaul said . “ I have my moments , but there 's a lot going on . So I 'm just trying to stay strong and keep going . ”
As people arrived , there was some talking . But for the most part , they were quiet , solemn — remembering Shannon Graves .
“ It 's a good thing , ” Skarada said . “ It 's good for people that are missing them I think it 's good for awareness of what 's going on with the whole thing , because it 's pretty foul . ”
GRAND FORKS , N.D. — Paul Miller made a career-high 12 field goals in 16 attempts and scored 30 points and North Dakota State used 60-per cent shooting to beat North Dakota 88-79 on Saturday .
North Dakota State ( 4-5 ) entered with just one win in five road games this season .
Tyson Ward helped the Bison start fast and made all three of their 3-pointers and North Dakota State led 29-15 on 12-for-15 shooting .
The Fighting Hawks put together an 18-5 rally to trim the deficit to a point before North Dakota state ended the half with a 10-3 run and led 44-37 at intermission . The Bison shot 17 of 29 from the field including 7 for 13 from 3-point range .
Geno Crandall later made a layup , a jumpshot and a 3-pointer in succession to close the deficit to 59-58 but North Dakota never got closer .
Tyson Wards scored 15 points for the Bison and A.J . Jacobson had 12 .
Marlon Stewart led North Dakota with 23 , Crandall , 20 and Conner Avants and Kienan Walter each scored 11 .
North Dakota leads the all-time series 160-134 .
June 14 is also known as “ Flag Day ” . To celebrate this special day , neighbors in downtown Bowling Green gathered together to reflect on the American flag as they recited the pledge of allegiance .
A speaker at the gathering said “ `` It represents not just the United States as a whole , the entire country , but it 's the citizens of every age , creed and color . ”
It has been 240 years since the US flag became the symbol of the nation . And Bowling Green has made it a yearly tradition to honor just that .
“ Being able to honor the flag is just a good way to show our commitment to our country and right now I think we need a lot of commitment to our country , we have many problems that can be solved , if all of us work together to solve them , ” said Rebecca Bhaer of Bowling Green .
Bhaer thinks the nation is beginning to forget the meaning of the flag . Them hope is that everyone will learn to respect each other 's differences like they believe the residents in Bowling Green .
`` In this town , that 's not a problem , in this town and in this county , we do work together and get a lot done as a result , ” said Bhaer .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2016 WTOL . All rights reserved .
Why Have You Not Been Paid by N-Power ? Watch Senior Special Assistant to the Vice-president Explain
If you are among those who have not been paid by N-Power , watch Senior Special Assistant to the Vice-president , Mr Laolu Akande explain why some have not been paid by N-Power .
Do you have follow-up questions ? Visit the N-Power Facebook page at https : //www.facebook.com/npowerng/
This post was syndicated from Jobzilla Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OTTAWA — The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday , but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter .
The central bank held steady its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country 's big banks — at 1.25 per cent .
A statement released with the decision noted that exports were more robust than forecast as data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment , but also pointed to softer real estate activity into the second quarter as the market “ continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates . ”
“ Going forward , solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018 , ” it said .
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track , but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies .
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target , but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data .
“ In particular , the bank will continue to assess the economy 's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity , ” it said .
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday , but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year .
The central bank 's statement had “ a hawkish tone , suggesting the next rate hike is not far off , ” said TD Bank senior economist Brian DePratto .
“ All told , the positives seem to outweigh the negatives , ” DePratto wrote in a note to clients .
“ Gone was the reference to ‘ caution ' that typified the last few statements . Today 's statement instead chose the term ‘ gradual ' to describe the approach to policy adjustments . Importantly , interest rate sensitivity and the evolution of economic capacity remained areas of particular focus . ”
The central bank 's decision to keep its trend-setting rate on hold came as inflation sits above the two per cent midpoint of its target range of one to three per cent and core inflation has crept past the two per cent mark for the first time since 2012 .
It noted that inflation will likely be a bit higher in the near term than was forecast in its April monetary policy report due to recent increases in gasoline prices , but that it will look through the transitory impact of the fluctuations at the pump .
The central bank has raised its key rate three times since last summer , increases that have prompted the big Canadian banks to raise their prime rates which are used to set the rates charged for variable-rate mortgages and other variable-rate loans .
Its next scheduled interest rate decision is set for July 11 when it will also update its outlook for the economy and inflation in its monetary policy report .
Transcript for Shockwaves sent through the halls of Congress after shooting
A sad day indeed . The shooting sending shock waves through the capitol right here behind me . We saw security tighter than ever . In the hallways and meeting rooms today , members of congress has the rhetoric gone too far . Where are we now as a nation ? ABC 's Mary Bruce also here on capitol hill . Reporter : Congressman Steve Scalise was looking forward to the big game . I could n't even make my high school team . But , you know , kind of bloomed later in life . Reporter : The Louisiana lawmaker , a proud Ragin ' cajuns fan , calling their wife before heading into surgery . Also hit , Zack Barth , a congressional aide from Texas . Posting that they were in the hospital but `` Okay . '' And lobbyist Matt Mika , one of the team 's coaches , shot in the chest . Tonight in critical condition . And those two heroic officers , crystal Griner , shot in the ankle . And David Bailey , a nine-year veteran of the capitol police , suffering minor injuries . Both there to protect Scalise , but protecting so many more . Scalise gets a security because he 's in leadership . Had Scalise not been there I think it would have been a massacre today because there would have been no way to defend yourself . Reporter : Congressman Rodney Davis of Illinois , the team 's catcher , was at bat when shots rang out . We show them the shooter 's photo . It makes me nauseous to find out they may be from my home state . The hate just over political differences has ratcheted up to where it becomes entertainment value , and that has to stop . It 's my breaking point . I 'm going to do everything I can to make it stop . Reporter : And today moments of unity . That image in the dugout , the democratic team praying for the Republican colleagues , and in the halls of congress . An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us . Mary , both we heard that often today . So many here on capitol hill do believe we have reached a breaking point with the rhetoric in this country . You 've learned that the congressional baseball game will go on tomorrow . David , that show of unity will extend to the baseball diamond tomorrow night . Democrats and Republicans feel it sends a strong message that Americans will not back down to fear . One Republican at that field today , they all agree they need to play ball . David . Mary Bruce just behind us at the capitol .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Business News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : ghananewsagency.org
2017-10-06
play videoEmmanuel Kofi Nti , Commissioner-General – GRA
The Ghana Revenue Authority ( GRA ) says it would go all out to impound the many vehicles in the country for which the owners had failed to pay the appropriate import duties in violation of the law .
At a press conference in Accra on Thursday , the GRA said it had seized 100 of such vehicles and the owners were in the process of paying the duties on them .
Mr Emmanuel Kofi Nti , the Commissioner-General of the GRA , said the vehicles were seized through the efforts of Special Surveillance and Monitoring Unit set up by the Minister of Finance .
Some of these vehicles , they said , came from countries in the sub-region , which under the ECOWAS protocols could spend up to 90 days in Ghana but the owners ended up having them registered thereby avoiding the payment of import duties .
They therefore cautioned members of the public to verify the status of any vehicle they intend to buy with the Customs Division of the GRA before procuring them .
Mr Nti said under the Customs Act , 2016 , Act 891 importers of vehicles into the country were mandated to pay import duties and any other inputs , which means that the owners of the ‘ un-customed ' vehicles had violated the law .
“ Those who have vehicles in the country and are using the vehicles , supposedly with registered numbers , and have not paid the duties on them have violated the law , ” they added .
Mr Nti said intelligence gathered by the Special Surveillance and Monitoring Unit showed that there were many more ‘ un-customed ' vehicles in the country .
They called on all owners of such vehicles to regularise the status of their vehicles with the Customs Division of the GRA .
“ GRA is serving notice to the general public to ensure that all vehicles that they own have had their duties duly paid , ” they added
The nation 's leading mortgage provider , Ghana Home Loans has pledged to play a leading role in pioneering the implementation of EDGE certification in the local construction industry .
The mortgage specialist intends to use its strong relationships with real estate developers to encourage the use of environmentally friendly methods in the process of home building .
This intention has been captured in a partnership agreement between Ghana Home Loans and IFC signed on 4th October 2017 , at a short ceremony held at the IFC office in Accra .
The signing event was attended by officers from IFC , a team from Ghana Home Loans , and a representative of the State Secretariat for Economic Affairs ( SECO ) of the Switzerland Embassy .
SECO is a major donor to the EDGE program in Ghana and throughout the world . Also in attendance were the Ghana Green Building Council and the consortium of thinkstep-SGS , which is the certification provider for EDGE in Ghana .
Ghana Home Loans and IFC have decided to collaborate in the recognition of their shared aspirations to move the building construction industry to a lower carbon , more resource-efficient path . Through the partnership , the entities will also work together to promote sustainable design practices in Ghana .
This will include Ghana Home Loans recommending their customers and clients to consider EDGE certification to increase the value of their green properties .
An innovation of IFC , EDGE ( “ Excellence in Design for Greater Efficiencies ” ) has been created to respond to the need for a measurable solution to prove the financial case for building green and help jumpstart the proliferation of green buildings .
EDGE includes complimentary software to empower building professionals to quickly and easily determine the most cost-effective ways to build green based on occupant behavior , building type and the local climate .
Signing on behalf of Ghana Home Loans , Kojo Addo-Kufuor , Chief Operating Officer , reiterated that the company remains committed to supporting innovations that drive sustainability in the local construction industry .
They stated that “ EDGE gives true and tangible meaning to environmentally friendly construction . Ghana Home Loans is pleased to be able to play a leading role in this process and shall proactively bring this exciting tool to our partners directly involved in home building . ”
Mr. Addo-Kufuor also hinted that a logical next step would be the issuance of Green Bonds to provide competitive financing to developers who deploy environmentally friendly methods in their construction processes .
“ Ghana Home Loans is setting an example for others to follow in being the first to express their commitment to EDGE and encouraging green building growth , ” said Prashant Kapoor , IFC 's Principal Green Building Specialist and Inventor of EDGE .
“ With the support of the financial sector and pioneers such as Ghana Home Loans who have embraced EDGE , together we can transform the future built environment in Ghana , ” they added .
IFC 's aim is to transform 20 percent of the construction market in rapidly industrializing countries with the support of industry leaders , governments and financial institutions .
Resource-efficient buildings provide a tangible value that can be passed from property developers to their customers through utility savings . Green buildings also have less negative impact on the environment and reinforce a more sustainable corporate brand .
They also enable homebuyers to make a difference through choosing green homes for their families , which have the potential for higher re-sale values .
IFC has a green building investment portfolio of more than $ 3 billion , which includes its own direct investments and mobilized financing .
Complementing its investment work , IFC advises governments on green building regulations in Bangladesh , Colombia , Costa Rica , Indonesia , Panama , Peru , the Philippines and Vietnam .
Ghana Home Loans
Ghana Home Loans is a home finance institution which operates under Bank of Ghana supervision as a non-bank financial institution .
At present , the company is the largest provider of residential mortgage products in Ghana .
The Company is majority owned by the Abraaj Group , a global private equity institution with over $ 10 billion of assets under management .
The International Finance Corporation , the investment arm of the World Bank Group , and the U.S. government 's Overseas Private Investment Corporation have provided long term financing to Ghana Home Loans .
Since its inception in 2006 , Ghana Home Loans has disbursed mortgages in excess of $ 160 million through its financing products which include Home Purchase Mortgages , Home Equity Mortgages , Home Completion Mortgages and Home Construction Mortgages .
The Company recently received a universal banking license from the Bank of Ghana and should commence operations by the end of 2017 .
The city of Bowie is holding a special council meeting on Thursday , to discuss plans for raising water and sewer base rates .
Just last week multiple Bowie residents voiced their concerns during a city council meeting in regards to a proposed rate increase .
Mayor Scott Davis took that feedback and has designed two new plans for the council to look at during Thursday 's meeting .
Davis said part of the council 's plan is to reduce the base charge and include 2,500 gallons into the base charge .
“ It 's a higher rate but it is on 2,500 gallons less water , basically we 're giving you 2,500 gallons free with your base rate and then you are charged at a higher rate for the remaining usage , ” said Davis .
People in the community are still concerned , especially business owners .
One we spoke with said they feel little support from city officials .
A local laundromat owner said they are already charging customers $ 2.00 per load and is worried if the water rate increased their rates per load , they might have to close the door on their own business .
Thursday 's meeting is open to the public and Davis said they welcome all to share their views and concerns .
“ We have to hear what they say and take it seriously and see if there 's anything we can do to make it better for them , ” said Davis .
The meeting will start at 6:00 p.m. and will be held at the City Council Chambers at 307 North Mason Street .
Copyright 2017 KAUZ News All Rights Reserved
By KATE BRUMBACKAssociated Press
ATLANTA ( AP ) - The Georgia company that owns Augusta National Golf Club and the Masters golf tournament on Monday asked a judge to stop a golf memorabilia company from auctioning off a Masters champion 's green jacket and other items it says were never supposed to have left the club 's grounds .
Augusta National Inc. filed the federal lawsuit against Florida-based Green Jacket Auctions Inc. seeking to stop the company from selling a champion 's green jacket and two member green jackets , as well as silverware and a belt buckle bearing Augusta National 's map and flag logo .
The champion 's green jacket is awarded each year to the winner of the Masters tournament , `` and is , probably , the most coveted award in the golfing world , '' the lawsuit says .
The jacket may not be removed from the Augusta National grounds except during the first year after it is presented , according to the lawsuit . After that first year , the jacket must be stored on Augusta National premises and can only be used on the grounds and during the annual tournament . Augusta National said it owns the jackets , and the champions have `` possessory rights '' when they 're on Augusta National grounds .
The same rules apply to the member green jackets , except they may never leave Augusta National grounds , the lawsuit says . Each jacket is marked for identification and authenticity .
`` It appears that Augusta National Golf Club is attempting to assert ownership claims to every green jacket ever produced , regardless of who currently owns or possesses the jackets , '' Green Jacket Auctions co-owner Ryan Carey said in an email . `` Obviously we at Green Jacket Auctions dispute such claims , and will litigate the matter , if necessary . ''
The lawsuit says Augusta National recently learned Green Jacket Auctions was advertising a sale that includes the champion 's green jacket won by Byron Nelson in 1966 . The jacket was where it was supposed to be , in storage at Augusta National , during a physical inventory in 2009 . But a recent check determined that it is now missing , the lawsuit says . It is unclear how the jacket and other items ended up on the auction block .
By mid-afternoon Monday , the online bidding on the jacket , which closes at 8 p.m. Saturday , had reached $ 114,874 .
The online sale also includes a member green jacket assigned to club member John R. Butler , Jr . According to the lawsuit , Butler has said they have never removed their jacket from the golf club and never agreed to have it sold by Green Jacket Auctions .
Another member green jacket that was assigned to George King , who was briefly a member of Augusta National Golf Club , is also part of the sale , the lawsuit says .
Green Jacket Auctions is in `` wrongful possession '' of all three jackets and does not hold the legal title to any of them , the lawsuit says .
Additionally , the online sale includes silverware stamped with the trademarked Augusta National map and flag logo . Augusta National does not sell or give away the proprietary silverware , so the only way someone could get it is to steal it from the golf club , meaning the silverware listed in the sale is either stolen or counterfeit , the lawsuit says .
Green Jacket Auctions is also selling a belt buckle with the trademarked map and flag logo , an item that was never approved by , licensed by or developed on behalf of Augusta National , the lawsuit says .
Green Jacket Auctions ' `` marketing efforts are clearly intended to draw upon the valuable reference to the Augusta National Golf Club and the extensive secondary meaning associated with ( Augusta National Inc. 's ) Marks , and ability of consumers searching those trademark names to land on the offending website , '' the lawsuit says .
The lawsuit asks a judge to order Green Jacket Auctions not to use Augusta National trademarks and not to deceptively or unfairly compete with Augusta National . It also asks that the jackets and silverware be returned to Augusta National and the belt buckle destroyed . Augusta National also asks for damages and legal fees .
Green Jacket Auctions ' website says the company has previously auctioned off three green jackets that had been given to champions . It sold a coat belonging to Horton Smith , the first winner of the Masters , for about $ 682,000 in 2013 .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The top 25 teams in The Associated Press ' college basketball poll , with first-place votes in parentheses , records through Dec. 10 , total points based on 25 points for a first-place vote through one point for a 25th-place vote and previous ranking :
Record Pts Prv
1 . Villanova ( 41 ) 10-0 1598 4
2 . Michigan St. ( 19 ) 9-1 1561 3
3 . Wichita St. 8-1 1402 6
4 . Duke 11-1 1362 1
5 . Arizona St ( 5 ) 9-0 1316 16
6 . Miami 8-0 1272 10
7 . North Carolina 9-1 1237 11
8 . Kentucky 8-1 1227 8
9 . Texas A & M 8-1 1072 7
10 . Xavier 9-1 1044 13
11 . West Virginia 9-1 972 18
12 . Gonzaga 8-2 805 12
13 . Kansas 7-2 760 2
14 . TCU 10-0 718 20
15 . Seton Hall 8-1 704 19
16 . Virginia 8-1 690 15
17 . Purdue 10-2 568 21
18 . Notre Dame 8-2 564 9
19 . Florida St. 9-0 452 -
20 . Tennessee 7-1 342 24
21 . Baylor 7-2 281 23
22 . Florida 6-3 261 5
23 . Arizona 7-3 252 -
24 . Texas Tech 7-1 191 -
25 . Cincinnati 7-2 145 17
Others receiving votes : Creighton 79 , Oklahoma 72 , Texas 52 , Louisville 19 , Arkansas 17 , Virginia Tech 15 , Minnesota 15 , Nevada 13 , Mississippi St. 8 , UCLA 6 , SMU 6 , Loyola of Chicago 5 , Alabama 4 , Georgia 3 , Houston 3 , N Iowa 3 , Towson 3 , Syracuse 2 , Boise St. 2 , Middle Tennessee 1 , Rhode Island 1 .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
LAS VEGAS — Police in Las Vegas are scheduled to release more records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history .
The release of the materials has been promised for noon Wednesday .
Courts ordered the release of public records including police body-camera video , dispatch logs , witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds on the Las Vegas Strip .
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material .
The FBI has also declined to comment .
Both say they do n't have a motive for the attack , and that the investigation is ongoing .
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone in shooting from a high-rise hotel room into an outdoor concert crowd below , and that the attack had no link to international terrorism .
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was forced off through injury in the first half of Liverpool 's Champions League semi-final first leg against Roma at Anfield .
The England international was hurt 15 minutes into the game after making a sliding tackle on former Manchester City defender Aleksandar Kolarov .
Oxlade-Chamberlain appeared to hold their knee initially and , after receiving treatment on the touchline , was carried away on a stretcher .
Georginio Wijnaldum - who missed out on a place in the starting XI , with manager Jurgen Klopp opting for James Milner instead - replaced their stricken team-mate in the 18th minute .
The injury is not just a setback for Liverpool , who travel to Italy next week for the second leg of the tie against Roma at the Stadio Olimpico , but also potentially England .
National team manager Gareth Southgate will be concerned over Oxlade-Chamberlain 's condition ahead of the World Cup in Russia .
‘ American Idol ' Judges Save Ada Vox in Dramatic Move After Powerhouse Performance of ‘ And I Am Telling You ' – WATCH
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High students Cameron Kasky and David Hogg , who have become nationally-known gun control activists following the Parkland , Florida shooting that took so many of their classmates , tweeted a photo yesterday captioned “ Prom 2018 ” , suggesting that the pair is attending their prom as a couple .
The Sun Sentinel reports :
The school 's senior class is organizing an “ over the top ” prom at the Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort . The prom will be both romantic and glamorous while paying tribute to the students who lost their lives Feb. 14 . There will be a memorial near the entrance of the prom 's ballroom .
And the reaction to the tweet has been very positive .
Slay legends — Neemz ( @ NimaNeemz ) April 23 , 2018
This photo is adorable . I love everything you guys stand for , and I thank you for giving me hope for the future . — ArtistLike ( @ Artistlike ) April 23 , 2018
Please do n't toy with my dreams like this . 💕💕 — Peter Staley ( @ peterstaley ) April 23 , 2018
A rare photograph of the Beatles which saw the Fab Four pose with an unsuspecting man sleeping on a park bench is among the star lots of an online auction .
The Ultimate Charity Auction , which ends at 4pm on Wednesday , has prizes from household names in sport , celebrity and lifestyle .
Among the money-can't-buy experiences is a chance to own a rare collection of Beatles images donated by photographer Tom Murray , of Bury St Edmunds .
Included is a photo called ‘ Nowhere Man ' which pictures a gentleman asleep on a bench , unaware they are surrounded by the Beatles .
Tom , who took the photo as part of their ‘ Mad Day Out ' series of Beatles images in the summer of 1968 , said : “ We were taking photos in the park near St Pancreas Station when we came across this man asleep .
“ The boys were all in a great mood and thought it would be funny to stage this photo without ever waking them up .
“ I tried to find the man a few years ago but I have never been able to trace him , so I have never known whether they realise how close they were to the Fab Four . ”
The set of photographs is completed by ‘ Martha My Dear ' , ‘ Flower Power 2 ' , Ready , Steady , Go ' and ‘ Untitled 2 ' .
The Ultimate Charity Auction has raised more than £980,000 for national and local charities since it was launched in 2012 .
This year 's star items also include a meet-and-greet with Sir Alex Ferguson in their private lounge at Old Trafford , a chance to star in the next instalment of Football Manager or record your own single in a renowned Buckinghamshire recording studio .
This year , the auction is raising funds for the League Manager Association Charity – In The Game , and the GeeWizz charitable foundation , headed by auction founder Gina Long MBE .
They said : “ We are on course for another fantastic auction raising thousands of pounds for some very worthwhile causes . ”
Auction items include :
Meet Sir Alex Ferguson at Old Trafford
VIP experiences for two at FC Barcelona 's Camp Nou
Be immortalised and star as a player and manager in Football Manager 2018
VIP Tottenham Hotspur match experience and stay in 5 * hotel
VIP package for four to the Mitsubishi Badminton Horse Trials
Watch Jeremy Kyle show and then enjoy backstage tour and lunch with Jezza
World famous photographs of The Beatles by Tom Murray
Guests of Ant and Dec at Saturday Night Takeaway Live
Record your own single at the renowned Lark 's Tongue Studio
Watch Gillette Soccer Saturday Live and meet Jeff Stelling and the team
Ultimate Manchester United VIP matchday experience
Watch PSV Eindhoven play at Philips Stadium plus hospitality
Enter the annual LMA football tournament at St George 's Park
VIP Everton FC experience with training and lunch
Signed Manchester United shirt personally donated by Jose Mourinho
Be a mascot with Leicester City VIP experience
Signed shirt by Premier League giants Manchester City
Ultimate Ipswich Town matchday experience
Exclusive Swansea City VIP matchday experience with meet-and-greet
Win Nike kit for your team plus England shirt signed by Gareth Southgate
VIP experiences with Norwich City
To view the prizes , go to www.charitystars.com/ultimatecharityauction .
Carriers can still impose a fair use limit on data while you 're traveling ( if you have an unlimited or very inexpensive plan ) , but they 're capped at charging you no more than €7.70 per gigabyte plus tax . That ceiling should gradually drop to €2.50 by 2022 . Also , a `` very small number '' of EU carriers are allowed to charge a small roaming fee to make up for lower-than-usual domestic rates , but they should be lower than they were before . And of course , traveling abroad for more than 4 months can incur extra fees .
A handful of countries in the European Economic Area ( Iceland , Liechtenstein and Norway ) should get free roaming in the near future .
Yes , it 's been hard to avoid news of the roaming change if you live in the EU . Some carriers even went so far as to announce changes ahead of time . Nevertheless , it 's significant -- even with all the caveats , it promises to alleviate some of the headaches when using a smartphone in densely-packed Europe . You can now focus on enjoying your vacation instead of hoarding data as much as possible .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Watford full-back Kiko Femenia could be fit for tomorrow night 's clash with Crystal Palace .
The Spaniard was a surprise absentee from the Hornets ' matchday squad at Burnley and Marco Silva revealed after the game that it was a case of fatigue as well as a minor muscle strain .
A decision on their availability will not be made until tomorrow , with Silva saying 'it 's a matter of hours ' , and that they want to make sure they are 100 per cent before throwing them back into the starting line-up .
`` We 'll try to get [ Miguel ] Britos and Kiko back , '' Silva said . Britos has been absent since limping off at Newcastle and is being judged on a game-by-game basis , but tomorrow looks too soon .
`` Britos is more difficult , and we 'll see with Kiko , '' they explained .
`` Kiko is a matter of days and a matter of hours , it 's nothing special but there 's some fatigue too and we need to see if they are 100 per cent to play . ''
Daryl Janmaat would once again fill in if Kiko misses out but , aside from that , Watford has no new injury worries after the game at Burnley .
Players will have to be evaluated tomorrow , though , with only three days between the games .
Silva added : `` [ There is ] nothing new . We 're still in recovery with the players , we 'll work again today with them .
`` We 'll see how they are , but nothing special and no big problems . ''
“ I was a wreck , ” they said .
Still , they hesitated when their friend suggested they take the document down .
“ I felt really conflicted , because I could see what was going on that spreadsheet was incredibly valuable to the people who were using it , ” Ms. Donegan said .
They finally decided to take the document down about 12 hours after they had created it , but only after getting a text message that BuzzFeed was planning to post an article about it .
By then , the list had grown to include the names of more than 70 men , along with thumbnail descriptions of their alleged misconduct . The names of 14 men accused of “ physical sexual violence by multiple women ” were highlighted in red , to distinguish them from men who were said to have committed lesser offenses like flirting aggressively or sending inappropriate direct messages to women on Twitter .
We Want to Hear From You We 'd like to hear from readers who have seen institutions and organizations develop novel responses to sexual harassment after # MeToo . Required fields are marked with an asterisk . Please name the settings where you have seen changes . * What changes have you noticed ? Please be as specific as possible . * You have 250 words left . Continue We 're very interested in the role that non-disclosure agreements , settlements and human resources executives play . What changes , if any , have you seen in those areas ? You have 250 words left . Have you seen rising concern about harassment affect other gender issues , like hiring or promotion , pay equity or others ? If so , tell us about it . You have 250 words left . Is there a harassment case in your community or workplace that has been difficult to resolve ? Or is there a case that was taken more seriously because of increased emphasis on this issue ? Tell us about it . You have 250 words left . What is your name ? * First and last preferred , but we wo n't use it without checking with you first . Where do you live ? * City and state or city and country preferred , please . What industry do you work in ? * What is your email address ? * We will not publish your email address . It will be used only by our journalists to contact you . By submitting to us , you are promising that the content is original , does not plagiarize from anyone or infringe a copyright or trademark , does not violate anyone 's rights and is not libelous or otherwise unlawful or misleading . You are agreeing that we can use your submission in all manner and media of The New York Times and that we shall have the right to authorize third parties to do so . And you agree to our Terms of Service . Thank you for your submission .
Although the spreadsheet was no longer live , it was not gone . Recipients had downloaded it in the form of PDFs or had taken screenshots of it , and it lived on through forwarded emails .
The BuzzFeed article , which did not identify Ms. Donegan as the document 's creator , was posted the morning after they made the list inactive . The article , written by Doree Shafrir , explained how the spreadsheet worked , described the range of claims it included and noted the potential pitfalls of “ lumping all of this behavior together in a big anonymous spreadsheet of unsubstantiated allegations against dozens of named men — who were not given the chance to respond . ”
Video
Believers in the spreadsheet 's mission kicked off months of “ media men ” -related debate on social media by attacking Ms. Shafrir for writing an article that , in their view , was not sufficiently supportive of women working in journalism . They countered with a message on Twitter that accused the list 's makers of having deleted the name of someone who had behaved inappropriately toward them “ How is that solidarity ? ” Ms. Shafrir wrote .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In The Washington Post on Oct. 12 , the opinion columnist Molly Roberts argued that BuzzFeed had been irresponsible in publishing the article , partly because the spreadsheet “ was not supposed to be distributed to employers so they could summarily fire anyone who appeared on it . No such thing would ever happen anyway . ”
But media organizations like BuzzFeed , Mother Jones , The New York Times and Riverhead Books — each of which had more than one current or former employee named on the list — started investigations soon after becoming aware of it .
Of the men named on the list , seven ended up losing their jobs or having significant professional setbacks before the year was out . ( Others who lost jobs after complaints of inappropriate workplace behavior — including Michael Oreskes of National Public Radio , a former reporter and editor at The Times , and Mike Germano of Vice Media , to name two —were not named on the list and became subjects of company investigations after allegations against them appeared in The Times , The Post and other publications . )
The GQ political correspondent Rupert Myers was the first man identified on the list to lose their job , about a week after the spreadsheet went live . Five days later , Leon Wieseltier , the former literary editor at The New Republic , apologized for their “ offenses against some of my colleagues in the past , ” and a new magazine they were editing under the auspices of the Emerson Collective , an organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs , was canceled . Soon afterward , the list claimed another high-ranking New Republic figure , the magazine 's president and publisher , Hamilton Fish , who resigned on Nov. 3 .
Lorin Stein , the editor of The Paris Review , informed the magazine 's board that they had been named . After an investigation conducted by the law firm Debevoise & Plimpton , they resigned on Dec. 6 . The next week , The New Yorker said it had parted ways with its Washington correspondent , Ryan Lizza . ( CNN put Mr. Lizza on leave from their job there as a commentator , reinstating them the next month , after a company investigation “ found no reason ” to keep them off the air . )
The list was still having an impact in late December , when BuzzFeed fired Adrian Carrasquillo , a White House correspondent , and the National Geographic did the same with the photojournalist Patrick Witty ( who has also worked for The Times ) .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Mr . Witty , in a written statement , denied the accusations against him , although they acknowledged that they might have acted inappropriately . “ I am saddened to think that I in any way have contributed to or reinforced the imbalance of power between men and women in my industry , ” they said .
The rest of those named on the list who lost jobs declined to comment .
Some of the men whose names appeared on the document but did not end up suspended or fired said the list had nonetheless affected their professional and personal lives .
“ It 's so naïve to think that just because no one has spoken out , that means that there are n't any false accusations , ” said a man who agreed to discuss the document only if their name was not used , because they did not want to draw further attention to their appearance on the list . “ It just means that the men that have been falsely accused are petrified . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Donegan said they were not aware of any false accusations and believed that the document 's disclaimer was sufficient in expressing reasonable doubt .
On the surface , the list did not to raise any legal issues , according to David A. Schulz , a First Amendment lawyer who is a lecturer at Yale Law School and has represented The Times . Ms. Donegan , they said , “ has a right to collect information and organize it in a useful way. ” Those who contributed to the document would be at risk only if someone named on the list sued for libel , they added .
Photo
“ The question is if there is specific information that should n't be in there and is false , in which case there may be liability against certain people for certain things , ” Mr. Schulz said .
As the list gave rise to a steady stream of essays and social-media arguments , Ms. Donegan was lying low , worried , they said , that they would be identified as the document 's creator on someone else 's terms . They tried to distract themselves by working on writing projects , including an essay detailing why they had started the list in the first place .
Early in January , a fact checker at Harper 's Magazine contacted Ms. Donegan by email , saying that the journalist Katie Roiphe was interested in naming them “ as a woman widely believed ” to be a creator of the spreadsheet in an upcoming article . Word spread about the fact checker 's inquiry when Dayna Tortorici , the editor of the Brooklyn literary magazine n+1 , wrote on Twitter that “ a legacy print magazine is planning to publish a piece ‘ outing ' the woman . ”
As part of a pre-emptive Twitter campaign against the Harper 's article , the writer Roxane Gay argued that the public identification of those behind the list “ would risk these women 's lives. ” Others expressed a fear that the list 's creator could be a target for “ doxxing ” : having their personal information , like their address , maliciously publicized online without their consent .
Ms. Donegan kept working on the essay in which they would reveal themselves as the document 's creator .
“ All of this attention being paid to the question of my identity made it seem inevitable that my identity was going to be revealed , maybe even sooner than when the Harper 's piece was published , ” they said . “ So I was really racing against the clock to get a lot of factors in place . ”
New York magazine 's The Cut published their essay on Jan. 10 . In it , Ms. Donegan wrote that they were proud of their work , while acknowledging the flaws pointed out by critics of the list .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ I ca n't pretend that the spreadsheet did n't frighten me , ” they wrote . “ As the stories accumulated and it became clear that many , many more women were using the document than I had ever imagined , I realized that I had created something that had grown rapidly beyond my control . ”
Ms. Donegan said that before going public , they had taken steps to protect their own digital security as well their family 's . They declined to comment on whether any of the men on the list had contacted them
The debate flared up again after their essay was published , with the New York magazine columnist Andrew Sullivan likening the spreadsheet 's creation to an act of McCarthyism . In a piece for Shondaland.com , a website founded by the television producer Shonda Rhimes , Glynnis MacNicol wrote that the list had forced them to reconsider uncomfortable experiences with men that they had endured almost unthinkingly throughout their media career . “ By tolerating and surviving and succeeding , had I also been complicit ? ” they wrote . “ I felt like I 'd woken up and found myself on the wrong team . It was not pleasant . ”
The author and former Los Angeles Times columnist Meghan Daum called the list “ an ethical and legal morass ” in a Twitter post on Jan. 10 , but they said in a more recent interview that a generational divide might figure in perceptions of Ms. Donegan 's work . “ I was opposed to it and appalled , ” said Ms. Daum , 47 . “ But at the same time , I think there 's a level where it 's none of my business . Maybe it 's time for Gen-Xers and baby boomers to step aside and let the younger generation sort out their own rules . ”
After months of debate , Ms. Donegan has not wavered . “ What it was motivated by was a desire to make the world a little more fair and to even the playing field for women who are especially vulnerable , ” they said .
Like so many big ideas , Ms. Donegan 's spreadsheet has given way to sequels . An anonymously created email list called CanLit Janitors started circulating in October to alert women in the Canadian literary community to male writers and editors who were said to have behaved inappropriately . And an anonymous spreadsheet called TV Writers Salary began making the online rounds in January with the aim of exposing the differences in pay between men and women in the television business .
By STEVEN WINE
AP Sports Writer
MIAMI ( AP ) - Derek Jeter says when their ownership group took over the Miami Marlins in October , they thought Giancarlo Stanton would be with the team in 2018 .
The Marlins traded Stanton because the National League MVP did n't want to be part of the franchise 's rebuilding , Jeter said Monday .
Jeter said the deal with their former team , the New York Yankees , was the best one available to the Marlins , giving them much-needed financial flexibility and upgrading a weak farm system .
The Marlins ' new CEO made their comments shortly before Stanton held a news conference at baseball 's winter meetings in Lake Buena Vista , Florida , to discuss a trade being celebrated in New York but panned by beleaguered Marlins fans .
Jeter wants to reduce their revenue-starved franchise 's payroll by at least 20 percent to $ 90 million or less , and Stanton will make $ 25 million next year . But trading them was n't a given , Jeter said .
`` I told him , 'When we acquired this team , our thoughts were that you were going to be with us , ' '' Jeter said . `` I relayed to them we wanted them to be a part of the organization , but it 's their choice . They said they wanted to move on . There were three great options for him , and they chose which one they wanted to go to . ''
Stanton had a no-trade clause in their record contract , for which he 's owed $ 295 million over the next 10 seasons . Last week they turned down prospective trades to St. Louis and San Francisco before accepting the Yankees ' deal .
Jeter has drawn criticism for the trade and other moves early in their tenure as an owner but said they would have done nothing different regarding Stanton . The Marlins acquired two prospects and second baseman Starlin Castro .
`` Contrary to popular belief , we were not stuck with this deal , '' Jeter said . `` This was the best deal out of the three for our organization . ... We think we got some good prospects in return . ''
Further payroll paring is likely at the winter meetings , which Jeter is not attending . Castro and outfielders Marcell Ozuna and Christian Yelich are believed to be on the trading block .
But the departure of Stanton increases the Marlins ' options .
`` It 's tough to have one player be such a huge part of your payroll , '' Jeter said .
The payroll purge is the latest in a series for the Marlins , who have n't been to the playoffs since 2003 and have finished last in the NL in attendance 12 of the past 13 years .
With Stanton gone , neither the team 's record nor support by antagonized fans is likely to improve soon .
`` Look , I get it . They 're upset . They 're passionate , '' Jeter said . `` That 's what makes them fans . But the bottom line is the fans want to see a winning product on the field . They have n't seen a winning product on the field .
`` To do this , we 're going to have to make some moves and build this organization . I would tell the fans : Be patient . What had been in place has not been working , and we need to fix that . ''
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – Wednesday marked Flag Day , a day set aside to celebrate the day the United States officially recognized the flag .
But once your flag is worn , what do you do ?
Proper disposal of American flags starts with a ceremony , according to Commander Samuel Swogger , III . The ceremony pays respect for what the flag represents .
“ It 's worn on vests and sleeves of our military of our veterans ' organizations , or our youth activities , Boy Scouts , Girl Scouts , everybody , ” Swogger said . “ It 's a sign of respect . ”
As part of the ceremony on Wednesday , a Boy Scout dropped the first flag into the fire . Then , the rest of the flags are dropped in .
When you 've had your flag for a long time and it 's worn , dirty and tattered , make sure you do n't throw it away .
Swogger said if you have an old flag that needs retired , you can drop it off at a couple of locations .
Old flags can be dropped off at the American Legion Post 301 , at 3652 Oakwood Ave. in Austintown , and VFW Post 4237 , located at 4150 Mahoning Ave. in Austintown . They will then retire the flags during a special ceremony .
ITV has confirmed when Britain 's Got Talent live grand final will air
The date for Britain 's Got Talent ‘ s 2018 live final has been confirmed – and it 's airing on Sunday 3rd June .
Advertisement
ITV revealed that the grand final of BGT will kick off at 7.30pm on ITV and will run until 10.05pm .
Yep , that 's more than two and a half hours straight of Britain 's Got Talent shenanigans .
Although the full list of semi-finalists is yet to be confirmed , we do know the five Golden Buzzer acts who have automatically won a place in the live shows .
If the final runs similar to previous years , there will be a total of 11 finalists : 10 voted through by the public from the semi-finals and one Wildcard act chosen by the judges .
It 's already been confirmed that the BGT live shows will start on Monday 28th May and will air every day that week until Friday 31st May .
The live shows will begin at 7.30pm every night on ITV and end at 9pm . There will then be a half-hour break for Coronation Street before BGT returns at 9.30pm for a half-hour results show .
And if you want to be there in person , here 's how you can ticket to the live shows .
Advertisement
Britain 's Got Talent continues Saturday on ITV
NAFDAC boosts SMEs with registration fee waiver
NATIONAL Agency for Food , Drug Administration and Control ( NAFDAC ) has waived 50 percent of the registration fee for locally manufactured products in a move aimed at incentivising the Small and Medium Scale Enterprises ( SMEs ) sub-sector .
Abubakar Jimoh , NAFDAC spokesperson , in a statement , said the measure was in response to Federal Government 's policy to promote local manufacturing companies in order to boost the domestic economy .
They explained that the new policy under the leadership of the agency 's acting Director-General , Mrs. Yetunde Oni , would go a long way to promote economic development .
Jimoh noted that in the past , a lot of people and some licensed consultants had extorted money from innocent Nigerians in the name of NAFDAC registration . “ Sometime back , we discovered that a lot of people were extorting money from Nigerians for registration fee of products . We decided to license some consultants who are professionals . But those unscrupulous elements fizzled into the consultancy firm that registered with us and continued their extortion from potential entrepreneurs . They collect as much as N250,000 to N300,000 for registration against official fee of less than N50,000 , claiming that part of the money will be used to settle NAFDAC officials . The agency has taken decision to stop them after the expiration of their licenses ; we will stop them and deal directly with intending manufacturers , ” they said .
The NAFDAC spokesperson explained that in the last seven years , the former NAFDAC Director-General , Dr Paul Orhi , introduced a policy that all young graduates willing to establish businesses would be given waiver .
They said that the policy was still in existence but young graduates from NYSC were not taking advantage of the policy . They further noted that NAFDAC recently established a Small Business Desk to guide people going into SMEs on how to set up their small factories .
The post NAFDAC boosts SMEs with registration fee waiver appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By BILL BARROWAssociated Press
ALPHARETTA , Ga. ( AP ) - President Donald Trump on Monday attacked their political enemies seeking an upset in Georgia 's special congressional election , blasting the leading Democratic candidate as a `` super liberal '' who `` wants to protect criminals , allow illegal immigration and raise taxes ! ''
Trump did not expound on their unfounded accusations about 30-year-old Jon Ossoff , but the president 's Twitter broadside just a day before the special primary underscores how big a Democratic victory would be nationwide and in the historically conservative northern suburbs of Atlanta .
Ossoff , who has used anti-Trump sentiments nationally to collect at least $ 8.3 million in campaign contributions , countered Monday that Trump is `` misinformed , '' but added that he 's `` glad the president is interested in the race . ''
Republicans and Democrats alike see the closely watched contest as an important barometer of Trump 's standing ahead of 2018 midterm elections , when Democrats will try to regain control of Congress .
The Georgia district , represented previously by Trump 's new health secretary , Tom Price , encompasses reliably Republican territory across parts of three metro Atlanta counties . But Trump underperformed here in November , barely edging Democrat Hillary Clinton and falling short of a majority . In 2012 , by contrast , Republican nominee Mitt Romney garnered more than 60 percent of the vote .
Even the leading Republican candidates concede that Ossoff will lead an 18-candidate `` jungle primary '' that places all candidates on the same ballot . The question is whether they can win an outright majority .
GOP hopeful Karen Handel said Monday that they are confident enough Republicans will cast ballots to hold Ossoff short of a majority , thus setting up a June 20 runoff between the Democratic upstart and Tuesday 's top Republican performer .
`` Republican voters are not going to sit by and let this district go to a Democrat , '' Handel said .
But the mere possibility has political observers across the country watching closely . Both major parties see the well-educated , affluent district as a key test of Trump 's popularity among the kinds of voters who will decide whether to hand House control back to Democrats next year .
The attention grew even more intense after last week 's special congressional election in Kansas , where Republican Ron Estes won by just single-digits in a Wichita-based district that Trump had carried easily .
For them part , Handel , a GOP establishment favorite who served previously as Georgia secretary of state , has worked not to localize the race .
`` My closing argument is the same as my opening argument , that we need an experienced individual with a track record of delivering real results , '' they said as they campaigned in an upscale shopping district Monday .
That has made them an outlier among top Republican contenders .
Wealthy technology executive Bob Gray has cozied up to Trump from the start , running ads that show him , literally , draining a swamp - a not to one of Trump 's campaign signatures . Gray pledges to be a `` willing partner '' for the new administration .
Former state Sen. Judson Hill is touting their endorsement from Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , one of gaggle of Republican presidential hopefuls that Trump vanquished . Hill 's campaign used Rubio on a recorded phone pitch to Republican households over the weekend .
Ossoff , meanwhile , has tried to capitalize on intense anti-Trump sentiments among liberals , while still coaxing disaffected independents and moderate Republicans who normally would n't consider voting Democratic .
In their response to Trump 's tweet , Ossoff said they are `` focused on bringing fresh leadership , accountability and bipartisan problem-solving to Washington . ''
National Republicans have sought to blunt Ossoff 's momentum by tying them to national Democrats , particularly House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . The California Democrat is an unpopular figure in this Georgia district that once sent former House Speaker Newt Gingrich to Capitol Hill .
Still , that message has n't come with the same financial muscle as Ossoff 's non-stop television campaign . The Congressional Leadership Fund , a political action committee backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan , has put more than $ 2 million into Ossoff attacks , an impressive sum but only about a quarter of the Democrat 's campaign haul .
Ossoff 's path to an outright victory may depend on low Republican turnout .
Almost 55,000 voters cast early ballots , according to the Georgia Secretary of State . Various campaigns say they expect somewhere between 100,000 and 125,000 total votes out of nearly 440,000 registered active voters . The lower the turnout , the greater the chance that Ossoff 's enthusiastic core of support will clear the majority threshold .
___
Follow Barrow on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/BillBarrowAP .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
TORONTO ( AP ) — Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred said Tuesday he 's encouraged by pace-of-play changes that have limited mound visits and reduced the time between innings at major league games this season .
Speaking in Toronto before the Blue Jays hosted the Boston Red Sox , Manfred said the new rules have sped up games without any disruption .
`` Whenever you change a rule in baseball , people predict all sorts of dire outcomes , and we have avoided even the smallest of incidents related either to the mound visit rule or the shorter inning breaks , '' Manfred said . `` Secondly , I 'm positive about them because they 've been effective . We are way down in terms of mound visits , I think down about 50 percent , and our inning breaks are significantly shorter . I take both of those as positives in an ongoing effort to make sure that we 're producing an entertainment product with as little dead time as possible . ''
Manfred called themselves `` a proponent '' of the pitch clocks currently in use in the minor leagues , but said they were `` not in a position where where I 'm going to say for certain whether or not we 're going to have pitch clocks at the big league level . ''
The commissioner also spoke about the number of games postponed by poor weather so far . Tuesday 's game in Baltimore between the Rays and Orioles was the 27th to be postponed this season , the most related to weather through April since the commissioner 's office started keeping those records in 1986 .
`` This has really been a unique April for us , '' Manfred said . `` We 've set a record for the number of games that have been canceled and , probably more troublingly , we 've played a lot of games in really tough weather . I think we have 12 cities that have been more than 10 degrees below their average temperature for the month of April . ''
Still , Manfred said the solution is n't as simple as scheduling early-season games in domes and warm-weather cities .
`` No teams are going to want to start the season on the road for a couple of weeks , '' Manfred said . `` In fact , the basic agreement prohibits a trip that long . Equally important , the domed and warm-weather markets do n't want that many games early in the year . Whether you have a dome or it 's warm weather , until school gets out they are tougher dates . We will do everything possible to try to schedule in a way that minimizes weather damage . It 's in our interest to do that . But there are real limitations in the schedule . ''
Manfred 's schedule in Toronto included a meeting with Blue Jays president Mark Shapiro and separate meetings with representatives of team owner Rogers Communications Inc. , including chairperson Edward Rogers .
Renovations to Rogers Centre , Toronto 's home since June 1989 , were among the items on Manfred 's agenda .
`` Given the passage of time , the building is probably out of date in terms of the amenities that are available in many of our ballparks , '' Manfred said . `` While the building is fundamentally sound , I think it needs an update to make it as economically viable as possible . ''
Manfred tries to visit as many big league teams as they can each season and , having not been to Toronto last year , was eager to come early this season . The timing of their trip was unrelated to Monday 's deadly attack in Toronto , in which 10 people were killed and 14 injured when a driver deliberately struck pedestrians with a van along a busy sidewalk .
`` All of us at Major League Baseball were devastated , '' Manfred said . `` You were in our thoughts all day yesterday and will remain there for some time . I hope that maybe our game tonight will provide a little bit of the beginning of a healing process that will be important for this city . ''
A blue banner reading # TORONTOSTRONG was hung from the second deck in center field before Tuesday night 's game , Toronto 's first since the deadly incident . Similar signs were hung on the wall behind home plate , and the team planned to acknowledge the victims before the first pitch .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Go/ No Go gauges for 338 lapua mag Used 1 time , I no longer have a use for them . Paid 100.00 threw midway USA . When u can get both of them in stock . Asking 75.00 .
Niagara Regional Police say no foul play is suspected after a body was recovered from the creek at Centennial Gardens park in St. Catharines , Saturday morning .
Police say the body was recovered at about 11:30 a.m .
A police investigation is underway to identify the remains , “ however at this time foul play is not suspected , ” police say .
St. Catharines firefighters and Niagara Emergency Medical Service paramedics were initially called to the scene , but were later called off .
HOUSTON - Natasha McAdoo , designer and owner of Perfect Pop , talks about their journey as an entrepreneur and their unique brand of lightweight and colorful earrings .
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .
A national anti-doping laboratory at Moscow 's State University could begin working in full by May of next year , it has been claimed .
Viktor Sadovnichy , the rector of the university , told Russia 's state news agency TASS that they were hopeful the facility would be operational in May .
Sadovnichy added that they would be purchasing equipment for the laboratory in January and February and were in continued discussions with the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) .
They said a foreign specialist could be employed to run the facility .
Work at the laboratory was launched in March of this year as part of a plan to repair the country 's anti-doping effort following the doping scandal that eventually led to the International Olympic Committee ruling Russia would participate as neutrals at Pyeongchang 2018 .
`` At the moment we are at the final stage of the move , '' said Sadovnichy .
`` In January-February we will start buying expensive equipment .
`` This is a certain process that we must conduct in early 2018 , also all the states we agreed with WADA , from January they will be credited to Moscow I hope that in May next year the anti-doping laboratory will start working in full .
`` We are constantly in correspondence with WADA and we hope that the license will be renewed for those analyses that are now available .
`` We are now under observation , if the commission considers that a foreign specialist is needed , then they will be appointed . ''
The Moscow State University rector said they were hopeful work would fully begin at the facility in May ©Getty Images
WADA revoked the accreditation of the Moscow Anti-Doping Laboratory following revelations of a state-directed doping scheme in the country .
The facility was then partially reaccredited to carry out bloody analysis .
The Moscow laboratory remains closed off and WADA have said they will only cooperate with a Russian investigation into the drugs scandal if they are given access .
It came after WADA obtained an electronic database from a whisteblower of all testing data at the Moscow laboratory between January 2012 and August 2015 .
The information includes details of thousands of drugs tests , providing new evidence which appears to confirm many of the allegations made by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren in their WADA-commissioned reports published in July and December 2016 .
WADA now want access to the laboratory so they can match the samples to the database .
Amazon EC2 Bare Metal instances provide customer applications direct access to Intel processor capabilities , such as Intel Virtualization Technology ( Intel VT-x ) , that are not available in virtual machines , allowing them to run non-nested virtualization workloads . Bare Metal instances are built using the next generation Nitro system , a collection of AWS-built hardware offload and hardware security components that enable high performance , high availability , and improved security for critical applications .
Learn more about Amazon EC2 at – http : //amzn.to/2iaUOwu
This video is from the fine folks at Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) .
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like `` Jews will not replace us '' and `` end immigration , one people , one nation '' was , as many expressed online , disturbing yet not really all that surprising .
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville , journalists , scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet , with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded .
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read .
Here at Code Switch , my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows :
`` Richard Spencer , the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right , ' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success . 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said , 'all gays should marry , ' you actually would get a lot of laughs , ' Spencer told The Atlantic last year , not long after the election . 'By 2015 , gay marriage is popular . What is possible has shifted . That 's what the alt-right is doing . It 's shifting the reality of what 's possible , and imagining a reality in which they are . ' ``
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson , now executive editor at The Atlantic , riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend , compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods . `` The shameless return of white supremacy into America 's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees , and quickly , '' Thompson wrote .
Dara Lind , a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins , described it as a `` coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America . ''
Nathan Guttman , a reporter with Forward , an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans , penned a vivid piece about covering the march . They recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville , Michael Signer .
`` ' [ L ] ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep 's name ? ' asked Richard Spencer , a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate , ' as they stood on a bench under a tree to rally their troops , deprived of their protest . The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce their name : 'Jew , Jew , Jew , Jew ' some shouted out . The rest burst out in laughter . And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed . ''
And Jia Tolentino , a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia , meditated on Charlottesville 's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past . `` While I was at U.V.A. , the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed , and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine 's Day , when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally . ' ``
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump , whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville condemned equally both sides of the protest . `` We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , '' Trump said , in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans .
Writing for The New Yorker , Jelani Cobb parsed Trump 's initial response further :
`` We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years , and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them . Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were , in essence , equally wrong . It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ( `` Heritage , not hate , '' etc . ) , but Nazis ? For reasons that are not hard to discern , the swastika , at least in the United States , has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag . ''
Michael Gerson , a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush , lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece , writing that the current president was `` incapable '' of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy :
`` If great words can heal and inspire , base words can corrupt . Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses . In Charlottesville , the effect became fully evident . And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating their work . What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform their basic duties ? What do we do when they are incapable of outrage at outrageous things ? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart ? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options . But the questions intensify . ''
On Monday , Trump responded to the increasing pressure to respond more forcefully , and gave a stronger rebuke . `` Racism is evil , '' Trump said . `` And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the K.K.K. , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . ''
In a piece for Commentary Magazine , John Podhoretz , a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W . Bush , cast a skeptical eye toward Trump 's remarks on Monday :
`` You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president 's statement today condemning white supremacists , but it 's hard to believe they would have read it out if he 'd had their druthers . No , the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when they decided to condemn violence 'on many sides ' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville , Virginia ; when they decided to refer to the events as 'sad ' in tweets ; when they wished 'best regards ' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them , killing 1 and injuring 20 . When they acted in that way , they were operating according to their instinct . And their instinct said : Do not attack the white supremacists . ''
What Trump 's comments Monday mean for how , exactly , they will handle the resurgence of white supremacists , remains unclear .
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump 's remarks on Monday :
Share
As expected , Qualcomm introduced the world 's first platform dedicated to extended reality ( XR ) with the launch of its Snapdragon XR1 chip and headset design . As previously reported , XR is an umbrella term used to group virtual reality , augmented reality , and mixed reality hardware and experiences . Companies already lined up to use the platform include Meta , HTC 's Vive brand , Vuzix , and Pico .
Up until now , mobile-based VR and AR applications relied on a chip optimized for smartphones . The takeaway from Qualcomm 's announcement is that despite the Snapdragon brand , the XR1 chip was n't designed for smartphones and tablets . Instead , it 's optimized for extended reality experiences including augmented reality applications backed by artificial intelligence .
Outside packing ARM-based CPU cores and a GPU unit , the new chip includes an A.I . engine for on-device processing . That means the resulting headset wo n't require a tethered connection to a PC , nor will it need the cloud to process A.I.-based functions . Given extended reality experiences powered by A.I . require loads of processing , Qualcomm tuned the chip for high performance and power efficiency to prevent the parent device from quickly gobbling up the battery 's charge .
“ Other key features include an advanced XR software service layer , machine learning , the Snapdragon XR Software Development Kit ( SDK ) and Qualcomm Technologies connectivity and security technologies , ” Qualcomm says .
The new platform can support 4K video at 60 frames per second , and the latest graphics APIs such as Vulkan , OpenGL , and OpenCL thanks to the integrated Spectra Image Signal Processor . It also supports visual-inertial odometry , a technology that allows you to interact with augmented reality objects and freely move around in the virtual world without cables .
Manufacturers creating headsets based on the XR1 chip can implement three or six degrees of freedom head tracking . For example , six degrees of freedom means you can move up , down , left , right , forward and backward without the need for a tethered PC or external sensors . Three degrees is what you typically see on smartphone-based headsets that support head rolling ( pivot up and down ) , pitching ( look up and down ) , and yawing ( look left and right ) .
Qualcomm put a lot of work into the audio aspect , too . The platform relies on the company 's 3D Audio Suite , Aqstic Audio , and AptX Audio for not only high-quality sound but to provide voice assistance that is always an and always listening . Meanwhile , head-related transfer functions will give audio a 3D-like experience , locking down sound sources to specific points in virtual and real-world spaces no matter where you 're facing .
In a separate announcement , Vuzix said its next-generation Blade smart glasses will be based on the Snapdragon XR1 platform . The combination of Qualcomm 's platform and Vuzix 's “ proprietary waveguides and display engines ” will create smaller , more fashionable devices . The Snapdragon XR1 will also be used in the next Vuzin M-Series smart glasses for the enterprise .
Products produced by Vuzix are n't expected to appear until sometime in 2019 . HTC , Pico , and Meta did not make any official announcements at the time of this publication .
Customs intercept contraband valued at N334m
The Federal Operations Unit ( FOU ) of the Nigeria Customs Service ( NCS ) , Ikeja says it intercepted contraband with a Duty Paid Value ( DPV ) of N334 million between April 1 and June 12 . The command said it also recovered N273.6 million from duty payments and demand notices on goods that tried to beat the system in the period under review .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Immigrants account for about a third of all suicides in Israel every year , but many still lack access to emotional assistance in ... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited . Only 1 $ for the first month
MONTGOMERY , Ala. — Collin Sexton and a highly rated first-year student class helped deliver Alabama back to the NCAA Tournament .
The Crimson Tide might have to earn its next trip without the high-scoring point guard .
Sexton , a projected NBA draft lottery pick , certainly has the resume of a one-and-done college player , though they have n't publicly indicated their plans . Even if they leaf , Alabama does n't lose anybody else unless other another underclassman like fellow first-year student John Petty opt to turn pro early .
Coach Avery Johnson , a former NBA player and head coach , said Alabama wants to “ recruit kids that maybe have that talent that can get them to the professional ranks earlier than later. ” They brought in the program 's most highly rated recruiting class and the result was the Tide 's first NCAA Tournament berth since 2012 and first win in a dozen years .
Alabama 's season ended with an 81-58 loss to top-seeded Villanova on Saturday .
Sexton was the centerpiece of that class , a highly touted top 10 recruit .
They instantly became the team 's star , averaging 19.2 points and 3.8 rebounds and leading Alabama in assists . Sexton had huge performances in a Southeastern Conference tournament run that secured ‘ Bama 's bid and scored 20-plus points in five straight games before finishing with 17 against Villanova .
After that game they were more interested in “ celebrating with my team because we had a great season ” than discussing their future plans .
“ Also , I got to finish school , and I 'm trying to finish with a 4.0 ” grade point average , they said .
Johnson 's program turned in a positive direction this season with a series of wins over Top 25 teams in an up-and-down season . Even without Sexton , Alabama has some promising players — particularly if Petty returns .
Petty averaged 10.2 points and shot 37.2 per cent from 3-point range . Center Donta Hall is another double-figure scorer , shot blocker and rebounder set for their senior season .
Dazon Ingram and Braxton Key were also key players for the Tide as sophomores , and first-year student Herb Jones emerged as a top defender .
The Tide 's three incoming signees include four-star point guard Jared Butler , a possible heir apparent to Sexton . Plus , Alabama gets former Texas leading scorer Tevin Mack , who sat out the season .
Johnson said the Tide needs to become a better shooting team , cut down on turnovers and build on that NCAA Tournament experience .
Already , Johnson figures that because of the recent recruits , “ Alabama basketball is in a better place than where it was several years ago . ”
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org ; https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25 and https : //www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
Agric entrepreneurship way out of economic challenge
By Peter Osalor
WE are faced with realities that oil can not do it alone anymore , going by the current oil price . It is evident that Nigeria does not produce oil directly . We do it through joint venture patterns like Exxon Mobil , Shell , Chevron , and Agip . Their production cost per Barrel is about $ 20 , after deducting production cost , the profits are then shared 60 : 40 between Nigeria and the oil major . At $ 100/ barrel , with a production cost of $ 20/ barrel ; the gross profit left the oil companies deduct their cost by $ 80 per barrel , which would then be split between the companies and Nigeria at 60 : 40 ratio . This means that at $ 100 per barrel Nigeria gets about $ 48/ barrel ( 60 % of the $ 80 gross profit per barrel ) which translates to about $ 40 billion per year .
At the current oil price of $ 30 per barrel , the gross profit is only $ 10 per barrel after deducting the $ 20 per barrel production cost . Remember that Nigeria takes only 60 % of the gross profit . What that means is that Nigeria gets $ 6 per barrel , which translates to about $ 5 billion per year at 2.3 million barrels per day .
Shift from oil dependency
The economic situation of Nigeria as a result of this is in a dilemma . Where do we go and what shall we do ? This is the question millions of Nigerians are asking . The answer to this question is a shift from oil dependency to agriculture . Our entrepreneurs and government should focus their investment on Agriculture .
Nigeria spends about $ 10 billion a year on the importation of agricultural and forest products . This is about 19 % of our total imports . While it is noble for the Buhari government to be making the case for Nigerians to look inwards , talk alone will not do the job . We can not eliminate the $ 2.2 billion per year we spend on animal products and derivatives if we rely exclusively on Fulani herdsmen that have to walk across the whole country looking for grass for their cattle . We can not eliminate the $ 1.5 billion per year we spend on the importation of wheat alone if we do not resuscitate this sector . Wheat farmers in Northern Nigeria can produce all the wheat Nigeria needs if the policy is enacted to support them by introducing varieties that can enhance yields from the current 2 tons per hectare to global benchmarks of 4-5 tons per hectare . Financing has to be provided to the farmers to support the mechanization of their farms . The government will have to step in albeit temporarily , to create marketing boards that will help establish market exchanges that will ensure that farmers are matched up with purchasers . Instead of creating “ grazing corridors ” across all of Nigeria as the Agriculture Minister recently announced , Nigeria should be working to mechanize and commercialize the work of Fulani nomads . The nomads roam the country looking for grass for their cattle . However , grass can be farmed year-round along the banks of the Niger and Benue , in Northern Nigeria . And those millions of youth that the government plans on giving N5 , 000 per month as unemployment payments can be gainfully deployed to support these agricultural initiatives .
If our entrepreneurs and youths are involved in agriculture with the full support of government both at federal and state level , the economy will boom , there will be jobs , food for local consumption and more for export for foreign exchange generation .
The post Agric entrepreneurship way out of economic challenge appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
( U.S. law enforcement via AP , File ) . FILE - In this Jan. 19 , 2017 , file photo provided U.S. law enforcement , authorities escort Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman , center , from a plane to a waiting caravan of SUVs at Long Island MacArthur Airport , in Ronkonkoma ...
By TOM HAYSAssociated Press
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Private lawyers seeking to represent Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman in their U.S. drug-trafficking case failed to get assurances Monday that they 'll get paid , leaving the Mexican drug lord 's defense in limbo .
During a hearing in federal court in Brooklyn , U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan told the lawyers that if they took the case , there was no guarantee that prosecutors would n't later seize their fees if they could show that the money came from their estimated $ 14 billion in drug profits .
`` I 'm not going to pressure the government to create a carve-out for counsel fees , '' Cogan said .
Guzman smiled and waved at family members as they were led into the courtroom , but they did n't speak during the brief appearance .
Afterward , the lawyers told reporters that they still hope to find a way to represent Guzman . They said they were waiting for them to consult with their sister on Thursday - the first jail visit he 's had by family member since they were brought to the U.S. from Mexico in January .
`` We are looking forward , desperately , to come into this case and fight for Joaquin Guzman . ... The guy has a constitutional right to the best counsel they can get , '' said one of the lawyers , Jeffrey Lichtman .
Prosecutors have argued that taxpayers should n't have to pay for their defense . But they also said in a letter to the court last week that the government will not `` grant a blanket prospective assurance '' that it wo n't go after money spent on a private defense .
Michelle Gelernt , a public defender currently representing Guzman , called that position `` hypocritical . ''
Lichtman is known for successfully defended John `` Junior '' Gotti , son of the notorious organized crime family boss , at a 2005 trial . The younger Gotti walked free after an acquittal on a securities fraud count and a mistrial on more serious racketeering counts .
The lawyer said they have met with Guzman on a weekly basis , hoping to defend them at a trial in April .
`` He is charming , funny , highly intelligent . I enjoyed getting to know him . ... I do n't judge someone by what I read in the papers , '' Lichtman told The Associated Press last week .
Guzman has pleaded not guilty to charges that their drug trafficking operation , the Sinaloa cartel , laundered billions of dollars and oversaw a ruthless campaign of murders and kidnappings .
The defense has claimed that he 's being held in inhumane and overly restrictive conditions at a high-security jail in Manhattan known for housing alleged mobsters and terrorists .
The government has argued that their strict jail conditions are appropriate for someone who escaped from prison twice in Mexico , including once through a tunnel dug to the shower in their cell . Prosecutors said that even while they were behind bars in Mexico , Guzman used coded messages , bribes and other means to control their Sinaloa cartel and orchestrate their breakouts .
___
AP reporter Claudia Torrens in New York contributed to this report .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
iOS 11.3 developer beta has been out for a few days and we 're seeing some ARKit 1.5 examples showing up on YouTube and Twitter . The demos are rudimentary right now , but will likely improve as developers get more time with Apple 's updates augmented reality technology .
One of the big new features in ARKit 1.5 is vertical plane , or wall , detection . That 's what the early demos are focusing on .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — When President Donald Trump 's U.N. ambassador recently urged the world to sever diplomatic ties with North Korea , they were sketchy on the details : Should all embassies close ? How about those providing the U.S. intelligence from the largely inscrutable country ? And what of Sweden , which helps with imprisoned Americans ?
Nikki Haley 's recent call to action underscores the challenge for the United States as it tries to advance a nonmilitary strategy for resolving the nuclear standoff with North Korea . Isolating the totalitarian state has been a central component of the U.S. plan , even though Washington says it remains open to talks .
Like international economic penalties , the Trump administration believes diplomatic isolation serves a purpose . It 's designed to punish North Korea leader Kim Jong-un for developing an atomic arsenal of bombs .
Injuries continue to plague the Chiefs with the super rugby season only just begun .
Lock-loose forwards Mitchell Brown and Fin Hoeata join the growing list of Chief players ruled out to play for the remainder of the year after sustaining anterior cruciate ligament ( ACL ) and shoulder injuries .
Assistant Coach Tabai Matson says , `` I do n't know what you can do . For us as a team , we just have to carry on and keep doing our best '' .
Hoeata and Brown join Atunaisa Moli , Tim Nanai-Williams , Brad Weber and Mitchell Graham who are already ruled out . All are expected to return in six months .
The Chiefs now face the difficult task of filling some big shoes .
`` As you can imagine , we are going through a thorough process of who is available and 'will they fit in here ? ' '' says Matson .
But it 's not all bad news , with co-captain Charlie Ngatai back on the training field . They are expected to make a full recovery soon .
The team now turn their focus to their clash with Japan 's Sunwolves side , currently coached by former Māori All Black , Jamie Joseph .
`` They 're a really good team which is really well-led and I think they will be up for the Chiefs coming up on Saturday , '' says Matson .
The Chiefs travel to Japan this week .
CASA GRANDE , Ariz. ( AP ) — The Latest on a quadruple shooting in Casa Grande , Arizona . ( all times local ) :
3:50 p.m .
The mother of one of the suspects in a quadruple shooting in Casa Grande , Arizona , says they feel shock , horror and dismay .
Mary Lou Rodriguez said in a written statement that they are the mother of Alec Javier Perez , one of two suspects held in the slaying of four people Thursday in the southern Arizona city .
Rodriguez says they love their son but does not condone or accept violent behavior . Rodriguez expressed condolences to the victims ' loved ones .
Police say 31-year-old Alec Javier Perez and 22-year-old Rodney Ortiz Jr. remain jailed after being arrested Thursday on suspicion of four counts of first-degree murder .
The victims are identified as 32-year-old Justin Allen Yates , 27-year-old Jose Martin Aguilera , 31-year-old Connie Carrera and 29-year-old Crysta Proctor .
Police said Proctor was the estranged wife of Perez .
____
2:21 p.m .
Casa Grande police have identified the two suspects arrested and the victims in a quadruple killing attributed to domestic violence , saying that one of the victims was the estranged wife of one of the suspects .
Police say 31-year-old Alec Javier Perez and 22-year-old Rodney Ortiz Jr. remain jailed after being arrested Thursday on suspicion of four counts of first-degree murder .
The victims are identified as 32-year-old Justin Allen Yates , 27-year-old Jose Martin Aguilera , 31-year-old Connie Carrera and 29-year-old Crysta Proctor .
Police said Proctor was the estranged wife of Perez .
Police say the case has been submitted to the Pinal County Attorney 's Office for review .
A police department spokesperson , Officer Thomas Anderson , says they do n't know whether the suspects have attorneys who could comment on the allegations .
Why it matters to you Nier : Automata is a fantastic game , and we hope to see more of the series from Platinum in the future .
Yoko Taro 's Nier : Automata is the eccentric director 's magnum opus , delivering consistently subversive gameplay to complement a story bolder and more complex than almost every other game to come before it . While many of Taro 's previous games were met with a mixed critical reception , the decision to partner with renowned action PlatinumGames helped to make Automata ‘ s combat on par with anything else in the industry , and Platinum director Hideki Kamiya feels that the game may have even saved the studio .
“ Nier ‘ s success has , to this point , given Platinum a new fan base , a growing staff , a brilliant success story , an increase in qualified job applicants , and a great benefit , ” Kamiya wrote on Twitter in a post translated by a NeoGAF user . “ Normally , I ca n't help but do everything by myself . It 's a pitiful story , but to say that Yoko-san saved Platinum would not be an exaggeration . I can not thank them enough . ”
Nier : Automata was n't just a critical success , but a commercial one , as well . The game has sold well over 1 million copies thus far , which is much higher than publisher Square Enix had anticipated , and the game 's producer even hinted that this could lead to a remastered version of the original Nier .
Previously , Taro had worked with the now-defunct studio Cavia to developer the original Nier as well as games in its sister series , Drakengard . They partnered with Access Games for Drakengard 3 before joining forces with PlatinumGames . Shortly after the game 's release , they parted ways with the studio , though we would n't be shocked to see them return for the all-but-inevitable follow-up .
Many of PlatinumGames ' other recent projects have n't generated the same buzz . Both Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Mutants in Manhattan and The Legend of Korra were poorly received , and Star Fox Zero ‘ s strange control scheme did n't help what was already essentially a remake of Star Fox and Star Fox 64 . The developer 's action-role-playing game Scalebound seemed to show promise , but the Xbox One and PC-exclusive title was canceled by Microsoft earlier this year .
Most recently , PlatinumGames has teased remastered games for the Nintendo Switch . Last month , the developer posted artwork from the first two Bayonetta games , with blue and red backgrounds similar to the Switch 's Joy-Con controllers . We 've heard little else in the following weeks , but we 're certainly hoping the ass-kicking witch will make their way to the system .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The polarizing politics of abortion have burst into the congressional budget debate , overwhelming bipartisan efforts to help millions of consumers who buy their own health insurance policies get relief from soaring premiums .
On Monday , Senate and House Republicans released their latest plan to stabilize the Affordable Care Act 's insurance markets . It provides new federal money to offset the cost of treating the sickest patients and restores insurer subsidies that President Donald Trump terminated last year .
That 's clearly a big shift from last year , when repealing `` Obamacare '' was the GOP 's demand . But the fine print of the GOP offer includes restrictions on abortion funding that Democrats have already rejected , a `` poison pill '' to abortion rights supporters . They say the proposal could block abortion coverage by some health insurance plans consumers purchase with their own money .
Lawmakers of both parties have been negotiating over a health insurance stabilization bill for months , and some experts estimate such legislation could reduce premiums by 20 percent to 40 percent , after two years of relentless increases .
The office of one of the leading Democratic negotiators , Sen. Patty Murray of Washington , Monday called the Republican offer `` partisan , '' saying in a statement it came as a surprise .
In an interview last Friday , Murray said that their GOP counterparts have only recently started raising the issue of abortion restrictions .
`` To me that is just unacceptable , '' Murray said . `` Why would they add it on at the last minute ? '' They complained that some Republicans were taking the stabilization bill `` hostage . ''
The impasse over abortion restrictions on health insurance is just one of several divisive social issues complicating prospects for the $ 1.3 trillion spending bill that would keep the government open and provide funding increases for military and domestic programs .
Others include a Republican demand for stronger `` conscience '' protections for clinicians who object to abortions and assisted suicide , and a Democratic maneuver to protect family planning money for Planned Parenthood clinics , which provide birth control for many low-income women .
Federal funding for abortion has long been restricted by a series of laws known as the Hyde amendment , which prohibit taxpayer funds from being used to pay for abortions , expect in cases of rape , incest , or when the woman 's life is endangered .
Abortion remains a legal medical procedure in the United States , covered by many employer plans . However , the abortion rate has dropped significantly , from about 29 per 1,000 women of reproductive age in 1980 to about 15 in 2014 . Better contraception , fewer unintended pregnancies and state restrictions may have played a role , according to a recent scientific report .
Former President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act attempted a compromise over abortion .
Passed with only Democratic votes , the health law allowed plans sold through HealthCare.gov to cover abortion , provided they did n't tap taxpayer subsidies that help low- to moderate-income people pay premiums . Instead the plans would have to collect a separate premium solely for abortion coverage , and keep the accounts strictly separate .
The ACA also allowed states to prohibit abortion coverage in their insurance markets , and about half have done so .
But abortion opponents decried Obama 's compromise as a bookkeeping exercise . They wanted the Hyde amendment applied to plans sold to individuals through HealthCare.gov and state insurance markets .
The new GOP bill would apply the Hyde restrictions to two streams of federal money .
One is restored subsidies that compensate insurers for required discounts on copays and deductibles for low-income people .
The second funding stream would stabilize insurance markets by helping cover costs for the sickest patients .
Abortion rights supporters say that the second prohibition could result in abortion restrictions for health insurance that consumers buy with their own money outside of HealthCare.gov . That 's because a fund to help with the costs of the sickest patients would help reduce premiums across all plans in a given state .
Sen. Murray is hoping Republicans will change their minds .
But Republicans say they 've already come a long way , by signing onto legislation that would address some of the problems with `` Obamacare . ''
`` I 'm willing to ensure payments are there to bring premiums down , '' said Rep. Chris Smith , R-N.J. `` But we do n't want to be complicit in taking the lives of unborn children . ''
Ebonyi communal killings ; Umahi threatens to dethrone traditional rulers , town union President
Obinna Ogbonnaya
The Ebonyi State Governor , Chief Dave Umahi yesterday threatened to dethrone any traditional ruler and town union presidents of communities who promote , instigate and support communal/land dispute that leads to killings of innocent citizens and burning of houses .
Gov Umahi expressed regret that instead of being peace ambassadors , some traditional rulers , town union presidents and individuals have chosen to encourage crisis in their localities , describing it as unacceptable and sabotage against the people and government .
The state Governor who spoke while addressing stakeholders of Okporojo and Ogiri villages , Oso-Edda in Afikpo South local government area of Ebonyi state was coming on the heels of the killings and destruction of properties worth millions of niara by the 2 communities .
The people of Ogiri who were badly hit by the land dispute leadership gathered have all deserted the village .
Accessing the level of damages at the scene Umahi who was represented by their Deputy , Dr. Kelechi Igwe condemned the carnage and destruction in ogiri village .
They ordered the local government area to take over the disputed land immediately and cultivate rice crops on the 85 hectares swamp land to prevent the two parties from coming near the land any more .
“ This administration should not be taken for weakness . The people should not for any reason go to provoke wars where people should be doing their normal business because they think government should wade in and pay compensation for destructions and loss of lives ” , they said .
Addressing Governor Umahi who was accompanied on the occasion by security chiefs and team of police officers , soldiers and DSS , Chairman of the local government Chief Eni Uduma Chima explained that the two communities have been living peacefully and expressed shock at the crisis which they said claimed many lives .
They lamented that the Internally Displaced Persons in the crisis who are taking refuge in different communities within and outside the local government have been receiving various attacks , describing it as unfortunate
The post Ebonyi communal killings ; Umahi threatens to dethrone traditional rulers , town union President appeared first on leadership.ng .
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BERLIN ( AP ) - The new leader of one of Germany 's governing parties said they support a protest against working conditions at Amazon during CEO Jeff Bezos ' visit to Berlin on Tuesday .
Andrea Nahles , the chairperson of the center-left Social Democrats , said they would take part in the demonstration held outside publisher Axel Springer 's Berlin offices .
Bezos was to be presented there with an award for their `` visionary entrepreneurship '' in online business and digitalization strategy at The Washington Post . The Amazon CEO bought The Post in 2013 .
Nahles argued that Amazon 's tax practices and working conditions are n't worthy of a prize .
The company said in a statement Tuesday that it `` provides a safe and positive workplace for thousands of people across Germany with competitive pay and benefits from day one . ''
The statement added that public tours are given at Amazon 's fulfillment centers `` so customers can see firsthand what happens after they click 'buy . ' ''
Nahles is working to boost their party 's profile after a disastrous election result last year and its decision to enter the new German government as conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel 's junior partner .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Rita Ora and Alfie Boe are amongst the special musical guest stars being welcomed onto the BGT stage for live final and semi-finals
Rita Ora and Alfie Boe are amongst the special guest performers announced for Britain 's Got Talent ‘ s live week of semi-finals .
Advertisement
The casts of musicals Tina , Matilda and Chicago have also been confirmed for the week 's line-up , as well as returning BGT winners Diversity and Tokio Myers .
The full list of guest performers for the live week are as follows :
Semi-final 1 ( Monday 28th May ) : Diversity and the cast of Matilda the Musical
Semi-final 2 ( Tuesday 29th May ) : Alfie Boe
Semi-final 3 ( Wednesday 30th May ) : Rita Ora
Semi-final 4 ( Thursday 31st May ) : Chicago the Musical
Semi-final 5 ( Friday 1st June ) : Britain 's Got Talent 2017 winner Tokio Myers
Grand final ( Sunday 3rd June ) : Tina the Musical and the cast of Magic Mike 's live Las Vegas show
Yes , this really is happening : Magic Mike live . On a Sunday night teatime family show . We can hear the complaints to Ofcom already .
For this year 's Britain 's Got Talent semi-finals , there is going to be a format change to how the voting is going to work .
The act who receives the most viewer votes will still automatically be going through to the live final , but the judges will then be deciding who else to put through to Sunday 's final from the performers who placed second and third with the public .
Golden Buzzer act Lifford Shillingford , comedian Lost Voice Guy and choir The D-Day Darlings are amongst the acts who will be vying for votes on BGT 's first live-semi-final on Monday 28th May .
Advertisement
Britain 's Got Talent 's live semi-finals air Monday to Friday on ITV , with the live final on Sunday 3rd June
Big One ! ! ! DJ Lambo Announced As Choc Boi Nation New President
Information Nigeria
Revered disco jockey , Olawunmi Okerayi , well known by their stage name DJ Lambo , has been announced as Choc Boi Nations ' President . DJ Lambo , who happens to be an in house DJ and producer for Chocolate City , has grown in ranks to become the first …
and more »
A THOUSAND OAKS , Calif. — Sean McVay will often take a few minutes to collect their thoughts before the Los Angeles Rams ' next offensive possession , the first-year head coach sitting on the sideline and sequestering themselves to prepare to call plays for the top scoring offence in the NFL and second-best in yards per play .
The television cameras have taken notice of McVay 's ritual , making those moments the image of the Rams ' sudden turnaround from a coaching standpoint . However , offensive co-ordinator Matt LaFleur plays an equally important and overlooked role in the offence 's success by making sure everything is ready for McVay on Sundays , especially communication .
“ So thankful to have them here , ” McVay said Friday . “ He 's as responsible as anybody for the success our offence has had . In terms of organizing the game plans , being able to run the meetings , making sure that everything is in alignment on the same page , they do it all . Ca n't say enough about the contribution they have made to our team . ”
LaFleur joined the Rams after serving as quarterbacks coach for the Atlanta Falcons the past two seasons , a position they have also held at Notre Dame in 2014 and in Washington from 2010-13 . McVay and LaFleur first worked together during those three seasons , developing a common understanding of offensive systems and philosophies that made LaFleur a natural choice to serve as McVay 's top lieutenant on that side of the ball .
It is that shared language that allows LaFleur to convey McVay 's ideas even if the head coach is n't in the room , backup quarterback Sean Mannion said . When they are together with quarterbacks coach Greg Olson , the offence truly flourishes .
“ They are good at communicating in a way that it makes sense to everybody in the room . Just the fact they all have sat in our shoes at one point or another kind of helps them understand how best to communicate what they are thinking on a play to us cause , really , sometimes all it is is saying it a certain way and it hits our brain right , ” said Mannion , snapping their fingers to emphasize the last few words .
As a former college quarterback at Saginaw Valley State who reached the Division II playoffs in three straight seasons , it makes sense that LaFleur can easily explain concepts and provide explanations to young quarterbacks Jared Goff , Mannion and Brandon Allen . Although it was n't in the NFL , LaFleur has practical game experience with whatever situations can happen on the field . That makes them a powerful voice in the room , Mannion said .
“ I think that 's great to be a quarterback with that type of coaching , where they really understand the way we see the game ands also have the ability to see it as the big picture for the whole offence , ” Mannion said . “ It 's huge . ”
Game day is when the conversations between LaFleur , McVay and the quarterbacks are the most urgent . Mannion is always listening in as McVay shares the play with Goff in the huddle , benefitting from what LaFleur sees up in the press box to inform their calls , and hears an extremely smooth relaying of information .
“ One thing that 's important to know about that it is worked on throughout the whole week , ” Mannion said . “ It 's not just a product of doing it well that one day . ”
Thanks to the guidance of McVay , LaFleur and Olson , Goff has taken several steps forward after a disastrous rookie season and is completing 66 per cent of their passes for 1,072 yards and seven touchdowns against one interception .
But it is n't some millennial mind meld as former Rams coach Mike Martz insinuated in August . McVay is the youngest coach in the NFL at 31-years-old , LaFleur is 37 . To the 25-year-old Mannion , neither speaks in a way different from any of their previous coaches .
“ If there has been a difference in kind of the way they communicate or anything I guess I have n't really noticed it , ” Mannion said . “ But , really , I think they are great communicators , great teachers . I think that 's half of what good coaches are is they are great teachers , great communicators . They are good at communicating in a way that it makes sense to everybody in the room . ”
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
EDMONTON — The Alberta legislature has passed a bill that bans protesters from standing , demonstrating or taking pictures within at least 50 metres of an abortion clinic .
The governing NDP , the Alberta party , Liberal David Swann and Independent member Richard Starke voted to pass Bill 9 in third reading .
The lone dissenter was Independent Derek Fildebrandt , who says women and staff should not be harassed outside clinics , but the bill goes too far in limiting free speech .
The Opposition United Conservative caucus again refused to participate in the debate and walked out en masse during the votes .
UCP Leader Jason Kenney is against abortion and said their caucus would not debate or vote on the bill , calling it nothing more than divisive political gamesmanship by Premier Rachel Notley 's government .
Kenney 's caucus walked out of the house 14 times when the bill came up in the house over the last two months , and only one member , Angela Pitt , spoke to it in debate .
Four Māori youth have been selected to represent the Vodafone Warriors at The Festival of Indigenous Rugby League youth summit in Sydney , Australia . The summit brings 68 Indigenous students chosen by all NRL clubs to participate in leadership workshops and self-development activities .
Ngawari Pio of Auckland Grammar School says , “ To stand as a role model for my people and my family , to show leaders out there that we can do anything . ”
Run by Aboriginal organisation Mirri Mirri , the NRL Indigenous Youth Summit is aimed at closing the gap in Indigenous education outcomes and employment .
“ The door has opened so I 'm taking the path , to meet other youth , stand as a leader for my family , and learn about their unique ( Aboriginal ) culture , ” says Erita Thomson of Manurewa High School .
Four students have been selected by the Vodafone Warriors through a partnership with Moko Foundation , a non-profit based in Kaitāia that looks to provide opportunities in leadership , health and education .
Pio says , “ I want to pursue new things , positive ideas , so my own ideas can guide me on a positive path . To discover new knowledge and connect with people from around the world . ”
At 15 and 16 years of age , two of them are yet to board an airplane but they 're all set to take flight .
Taipa Area School student Shalynd Ra'ui says , “ I stand as a leader for my school , for my tribe and my family . I 'm a little bit nervous about going but ultimately I 'm ecstatic . ”
They share hopes of being role models within their own families and their communities .
Pio elaborates , “ So they do n't go to bad places , so they too stand as role models like me , that 's what I really want is to show them that we can do it . ”
The summit takes place in Sydney from Wednesday to Sunday as part of the Festival of Indigenous Rugby League .
Former Katchafire member Haani Totorewa will showcase their new facial tattoo at this weekend Marley NZ All-Stars tribute concert . They say the tribute will also honour King Tuheitia 's 10 year reign .
Totorewa says their mataora celebrates an important milestone of the Māori King .
`` It 's an expression of love by my marae and sub-tribes , Ngāti Hine and Ngāti Naho to the King . It 's their 10th year as our King .
Three weeks ago 13 women received moko kauae and two men received mataora from Maurea marae to coincide with the Poukai they will host on Saturday .
`` I 'm comfortable in my own skin . I still feel the same now , but the difference is showing and revealing to the world , who am I ? I 'm Māori . ''
The former Katchafire keyboardist left the popular reggae band two years ago , and now teaches Māori . The request from their elder brother to take part in the mokopapa came as a surprise .
`` I was shocked because I did n't think I would be chosen to receive a tattoo . But I agreed that day . From that day in October till the day I received my mataora , I prepared myself mentally , physically and spiritually . ''
Totorewa says a quarter of my face is tattooed but , there 's more to do .
`` Perhaps next year I 'll complete the tattoo above my eyebrows . Then , that 's it for me . ''
The Marley All Star tribute event will be held in Kerikeri on Friday night .
Watch the EFL Championship LIVE on beIN SPORTS
The Australian is the Potters ' third signing of the off-season after Oghenekaro Etebo and Benik Afobe 's arrival at the club .
Federici joins after Manchester United completed the signing of Stoke 's second choice goalkeeper Lee Grant , and the former Socceroos stopper could become the club 's number one , depending on how the future of Jack Butland pans out .
The Potters have made their third new signing of the summer with Australian international goalkeeper Adam Federici arriving from @ afcbournemouth
👉 https : //t.co/lC4JQPgoLg # SCFC 🔴⚪️ pic.twitter.com/NKKTFHAkgK — Stoke City FC ( @ stokecity ) July 3 , 2018
`` Adam [ Federici ] is a player with bags of experience , with Reading notably and Bournemouth as well , '' manager Gary Rowett told the club 's website .
`` He 's an excellent professional , great trainer and a very good goalkeeper who we see as one of three senior keepers who need to be pushing each other . I 'm really pleased that we have been able to bring them into the club . ''
Federici , 33 , made 17 appearances in three years for Bournemouth and has been capped 16 times by Australia .
After dozens of coaching changes in the last 25 years , Saudi Arabia has a proven winner in charge for this year 's World Cup .
Juan Antonio Pizzi led Chile to the 2016 Copa America title , but it wo n't likely be easy for the Argentine to get their new team to play the same kind of high-octane , pressing style they used in South America .
Most of the squad heading to Russia does n't have any significant experience playing club football outside their homeland . The team is currently the lowest ranked of the 32 participants at No . 70 .
Saudi sports authorities tried to change that by sending nine players , including four internationals , on a half-season loan to Spanish clubs in January . Although wingers Fahad Al Muwallad and Salam Al Dawsari , and midfielder Yahya Al Sherhi are being exposed to different training methods , they have not played a competitive game .
The Saudis made their World Cup debut in 1994 , reaching the round of 16 . Since then , the team has gone through more than 30 coaching changes while qualifying for the 1998 , 2002 and 2006 tournaments and going out in the group stage .
Bert van Marwijk , who coached the Netherlands to the 2010 World Cup final , led Saudi Arabia through the most recent qualification campaign but failed to agree on a new contract to lead the team in Russia .
Edgardo Bauza replaced the Dutchman , but they lasted only two months . The Argentine was fired in November after underwhelmingperformancesin five friendlies and was replaced by Pizzi .
Here 's a closer look at the Saudi Arabia team :
COACH
Pizzi took over after failing to qualify for the World Cup with Chile .
The 49-year-old coach 's target is making the round of 16 . There have been signs so far of an attempt to introduce more of a passing style instead of the direct strategy used in the two years under Van Marwijk .
GOALKEEPERS
Four goalkeepers were called up for the recent warm-up games and Pizzi is n't fixed on a starter .
Walled Abdullah and Yasser Al Mosailem appear to be vying for the role . Abdullah is more experienced and is likely to be better able to handle physical challenges , although Mosailem performed well in a 1-1 draw with Ukraine in March .
DEFENDERS
The back four is an experienced unit but with three likely starters over 30 they are susceptible to pace from opponents .
The 34-year-old Omasa Hawsawi and 32-year-old Omar Hawsawi are set to partner in the centre .
MIDFIELDERS
Much depends on Abdullah Otayf , a holding midfielder who has drawn comparisons with Luka Modric of Real Madrid .
If Saudi Arabia can start to play out from the back , the 25-year-old Otayf can make the team tick .
Taisir Al-Jassim , who has made more than 130 international appearances , adds to the solidity in the centre while Al-Shehri provides creativity going forward .
FORWARDS
The team lacks a proven scorer at the top level with Mohammad Al-Sahlawi and Nasser Al-Shamrani both over 30 and not convincing against strong defences .
The wide players are vital . Salem Al Dawsari and Fahad Al Muwallad , the most talented player available , provide much of the threat , although both have been sitting on the sidelines in Spain .
GROUP GAMES
The Saudis will be based in St. Petersburg but will play their opening match against host Russia in Moscow on June 14 . That will be followed by a trip to Rostov-on-Don to play Uruguay on June 20 and to Volgograd to take on Egypt on June 25 .
——
More AP World Cup coverage : www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
VANCOUVER — The legal battle between a group of Tim Hortons franchisees and their parent company escalated today as the corporate-unsanctioned franchisee association filed a lawsuit alleging Restaurant Brands International , its subsidiary and several executives of subverting their right to associate .
A lawsuit filed on behalf of two franchisees who belong to The Great White North Franchisee Association claims the defendants sought “ to interfere with , restrict , penalize , or threaten franchisees from exercising their rights to associate . ”
The statement of claim alleges this happened in a number of ways , including commencing legal action late last month against a group of GWNFA board members that RBI alleges provided confidential information that was then leaked to a Canadian newspaper . The GWNFA denies this claim .
It alleges the defendants denied future store opportunities to franchisees because they are “ not aligned ” with Tim Hortons 's interest and set aside a $ 2 billion fund to buy out franchisees who have joined the GWNFA or may do so in the future .
None of the claims have been proven in court . Neither RBI nor Tim Hortons immediately responded to a request for comment .
Franchisees formed the GWNFA , which incorporated in March , to raise franchisee concerns over the management of the brand .
EUFAULA , Ala. — Alabama is known for its unusual memorials and statues , and the city of Eufaula is adding to the list with a monument to a fish .
Officials in the lakeside town on the Georgia border have unveiled a 12-foot-tall replica of a largemouth bass to celebrate its claim as the “ Big Bass Capital of the World . ”
Bass fishing draws thousands of people to Lake Eufaula each year , and the state tourism agency awarded a grant to construct the monument . It was unveiled Tuesday .
The agency also funded a marker celebrating the late Tom Mann , who helped get Eufaula on the fishing map with their lure company .
The big fish joins a list of Alabama monuments that includes a boll weevil statue in Enterprise and a coon dog cemetery in Cherokee .
Country stars are coming out in full force to be a part of 1 Night . 1 Place . 1 Time : A Heroes & Friends Tribute to Randy Travis on Feb. 8 at Nashville 's Bridgestone Arena .
Travis Tritt , Kane Brown , James Dupre , Scotty McCreery , Joe Nichols , Collin Raye , The Bellamy Brothers and Ricky Traywick have been added to the already stellar lineup that includes Alabama , Kenny Rogers , Rodney Atkins , Chris Janson , Jamey Johnson , Montgomery Gentry , Michael Ray , Ricky Skaggs , Michael W. Smith , The Randy Travis Band , Tanya Tucker and Josh Turner .
More artists will be announced in the coming weeks .
After suffering a massive stroke in 2013 , Randy has made remarkable strides toward recovery , recently singing “ Amazing Grace ” at their Country Music Hall of Fame induction ceremony in October as well as the tagline to their iconic “ Forever and Ever , Amen ” at the 2016 CMA Awards in November . A portion of the proceeds of the tribute concert will go to the Randy Travis Foundation , a nonprofit that raises money for stroke research and rehabilitation .
Tickets are on sale now at all Ticketmaster locations and the Bridgestone Arena box office .
ORLANDO , Fla. ( WFLA ) – A Riverview man is behind bars after police say they threatened to kidnap pop singer Lana Del Rey at their concert in Orlando Friday .
Shortly after 8 p.m. Friday , police located 43-year-old Michael Shawn Hunt a couple hundred feet from the Amway Center , where the singer , whose real name is Elizabeth Woolridge Grant , was set to perform and took them into custody . Police said they were in possession of concert tickets and a knife .
Police said they received a tip from a caller who said Hunt shared posts on social media “ cryptic and threatening ” in nature toward Grant . In the posts , Hunt professed their love for the singer and their intent to be with them
“ I want to see my queen on Friday and from that day forward our decisions will be as one , ” Hunt wrote on Jan. 30 .
Stay on WFLA.com for updates on this developing story .
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON :
LONDON -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 24 , 2018 -- , a global procurement intelligence advisory firm , has announced the release of their ‘ . ' The insights and data in this report provide a strategic analysis of the supply markets , factors influencing purchasing decisions , procurement best practices , pricing models , supplier landscape , and an analysis of the supplier capability matrix for the . This report breaks down the data and analysis behind the procurement of construction chemicals and acts as an all-inclusive guide for making smart purchasing decisions .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006238/en/
Construction Chemicals Procurement Report ( Graphic : Business Wire )
“ The increase in building and infrastructural developmental activities worldwide will influence the growth of the global construction chemicals market , ” says SpendEdge procurement analyst Anil Seth . “ Also , the manufacturers of construction chemicals have created a wide distribution channel in the market using both physical retail stores and online retailing , ” added Anil .
Looking for more insights from this report ?
SpendEdge sample reports are free of charge and provide insights that focus on cost-saving aspects of procurement and optimization of category spend .
Procurement analysts at SpendEdge highlight the following top three market trends that are contributing to the growth of the Global Construction Chemicals Market :
Increase in demand for ready-mix concrete solutions Rise in adoption of eco-friendly and non-hazardous construction chemicals Increase in R & D spend and focus on technological innovations by leading suppliers
This report is available at USD 1000 discount for a limited time only :
Increase in demand for ready-mix concrete solutions
In the last couple of years , there has been a considerable demand for ready-mix solutions . These solutions help the buyers avail high-quality concrete as per their requirements . It also reduces management effort associated with the mixing of concrete .
Rise in adoption of eco-friendly and non-hazardous construction chemicals
The demand for eco-friendly and non-hazardous construction chemicals is increasing due to the growing awareness on safety and health . This further helps to enhance the environmental safety and helps end-users comply with safety regulations .
Increase in R & D spend and focus on technological innovations by leading suppliers
Globally , the suppliers are increasingly investing in R & D initiatives to develop new products with enhanced capabilities . This provides the buyers access to a wide range of enhanced products that are best suited to meet their business requirements .
to gain detailed insights into the current market trends .
Get unlimited access to all our reports . Our Insights platform provides ready-to-use procurement research reports , the latest supplier news , innovation landscape , markets insights , supplier tracking , and much more at the click of a button .
We also reports meeting clients ' requirements .
Related Reports :
About SpendEdge
SpendEdge shares your passion for driving sourcing and procurement excellence . We are a preferred procurement market intelligence partner for Fortune 500 firms and other leading companies across numerous industries . Our strength lies in delivering robust , real-time procurement market intelligence that helps to source and procurement professionals make informed decisions . These innovative procurement solutions help enterprises transform structural capabilities , improve execution efficiency , and fast-track time to savings .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006238/en/
CONTACT : SpendEdge
Anirban Choudhury
Marketing Consultant
US : +1 630 984 7340
hello @ spendedge.com
KEYWORD :
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY OTHER CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY
SOURCE : SpendEdge
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/24/2018 04:15 PM/DISC : 04/24/2018 04:15 PM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006238/en
BEIRUT — Lebanese security forces clashed Sunday with demonstrators near the U.S. Embassy in Beirut as hundreds protested President Donald Trump 's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the Israeli capital .
The Lebanese army fired water cannons and tear gas as waves of young men hurled stones and burned effigies of Trump . Hundreds attended the Sunday morning protest on the edge of Beirut , many wrapped in Palestinian scarves and flags .
Injured demonstrators were carried away from the front line of the clashes , but no deaths were reported . The Health Ministry later said that eight people had been hospitalized and 43 people were treated at the scene .
Lebanon is home to more than 500,000 Palestinian refugees , many of whom fled modern-day Israel and the West Bank during the wars of 1948 and 1967 . The Lebanese government has never formally recognized their status as refugees , and Palestinians are barred from dozens of professions .
The White House 's announcement Wednesday triggered widespread protests , with tens of thousands across the region venting their anger .
In Jerusalem itself , violence has been limited to small confrontations between protesters and Israeli security forces . The larger demonstrations and clashes in the occupied West Bank and Gaza had largely died out by Sunday , though skirmishes between protesters and security forces were reported in Ramallah and near Hebron in the West Bank .
But predictions of explosive violence across the region have not materialized , and traditional allies of the Palestinians have offered little concrete support . Hezbollah — the Lebanese militia movement founded in response to the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon — has condemned Trump 's decision , though its first mass rally will not take place until Tuesday .
Arab foreign ministers on Sunday demanded that the United States rescind Trump 's decision , calling it a “ grave ” development that puts Washington on the same side as the “ occupation ” and is a violation of international law . But a resolution they put forward was short on concrete actions . The group also called on the U.N. Security Council to adopt a resolution condemning Trump 's decision , but it acknowledged that Washington would most probably veto it .
This is an extended battle , a battle that will be escalated . Arab League chief Ahmed Aboul Gheit
“ We have taken a political decision not meant to reflect ( what is going on in ) the streets . Political work is responsible work , ” said Arab League chief Ahmed Aboul Gheit . “ Jerusalem has been occupied for 50 years . This is an extended battle , a battle that will be escalated , ” they said at a news conference .
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , who has often sought to position themselves as a leader of the Islamic world , on Sunday described Israel as a “ terror state . ”
“ We wo n't leave Jerusalem to the mercy of a child-murdering country , ” Erdoğan said , accusing Israel of having no values other than “ occupation and plunder. ” There were no indications that Turkey would sever its diplomatic relations with the country , however .
In a news conference Sunday with Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu , French President Emmanuel Macron repeated their government 's opposition to Trump 's decision , describing it as a “ threat to peace. ” They urged Netanyahu to negotiate with the Palestinians .
Paris is the capital of France , and Jerusalem is the capital of Israel . Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu
But Netanyahu showed few signs of budging . “ Paris is the capital of France , and Jerusalem is the capital of Israel , ” they said . “ We respect your history and your choices . And I know that as friends you respect ours . This is essential for peace . ”
Standing at the far edge of Sunday 's protest in Beirut , Faraj Shahin , a Palestinian , described the region 's leaders as “ traitors ” who had sold out their countrymen .
“ Arab leaders sold al-Aqsa for dollars , shame on them , ” they said , in reference to al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem , one of the Islamic faith 's holiest shrines .
With their face buried in a scarf to shield their eyes from the acrid tear gas , an 18-year old protester described the small-scale clashes on Sunday as an attempt to “ liberate ” al-Aqsa from Israel .
Hours later , it was all over . Video footage from the aftermath showed street cleaners sweeping the area , wiping clean the soot left by a dumpster truck the protesters had set alight .
Chimamanda Adichie 's “ upset ” over Hillary Clinton 's “ wife ” bio sets twitter on fire
Nigerian writer , Chimamanda Adichie is in the news again for their feminist views for being ` upset ' by former US Presidential candidate , Hillary Clinton 's usage of ` wife ' on their Twitter bio . News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) reports that Adichie , who is a renowned feminist fighting for the equality of male and female genders , asked the question [ … ]
The post Chimamanda Adichie 's “ upset ” over Hillary Clinton 's “ wife ” bio sets twitter on fire appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Anthony Scaramucci stepped onto The Late Show Monday knowing well that it was like a comedy lion 's den and was greeted by a sea of boos while Queen played them to their seat . And almost from the very start , Stephen Colbert actually turned up the heat on The Mooch and did n't hesitate to talk about their short tenure in The White House , Trump 's response to Charlottesville , and their feelings towards the members of the administration . That includes asking the former prospective communications director if they were brought in to get rid of Sean Spicer and Reince Priebus and if they can suck their own c * ck like Steve Bannon — an aspect that had The Mooch asking if that could fly on television .
The administration was where the early previews of the interview sunk in , with Scaramucci saying they were actually friendly with Priebus before taking the White House job . Of course , this just could 've been another dig by The Mooch considering they said their “ friendly ” dealings were connected to Scarmucci 's donations . They also did n't seem too broken up that the former chief of staff was fired , noting that he 'd do the same to Steve Bannon if they were making the decisions .
Standing on the balcony of my suite at The Crane Resort in Barbados , watching the waves of the Atlantic Ocean crash ashore as day fades to night , it 's easy to understand why this former British colony has captivated travellers for centuries .
Of course , just about anywhere you go in the Caribbean you can find unimpeded views of the wave-whipped Atlantic or the calm , turquoise Caribbean Sea , dramatic sunrises or sunsets , long strands of sandy beaches with swaying palm trees , fresh tropical fruit and free-flowing rum punch , and plenty of sunshine . What 's harder to find is the peace of mind Barbados offers snowbirds looking to buy a piece of paradise .
Not surprisingly , after a year of record hurricanes crippled popular destinations and severely damaged properties , concern about hurricanes , volcanoes and earthquakes has heightened . “ Barbados has n't had a direct hit from a hurricane since 1955 , ” Paul Doyle , founder and managing director of The Crane Resort explained .
Checklist
By many accounts , Barbados tourist numbers suffered from confusion between it and Barbuda , the small island about a 1.5 hour flight northwest of Barbados , which was devastated by Hurricane Irma in September . While Barbados has the good fortune to be closer to the equator , nowhere is immune to natural disaster . That said , the island delivers , when it comes to a more general checklist that includes a good standard of living , established education and health care systems , low crime levels and feeling at ease with the population .
It is n't hard to imagine owning a piece of paradise on the most eastern island of the Lesser Antilles , as I discovered on a recent visit . Fond memories from my first visit several years ago — of Soca music , sweet bread made with fresh coconut , and the soft-spoken , polite Barbadians — did n't disappoint , and I carried home new memories of the people I met and the places I went .
Torontonian Doyle , who used to work in the reinsurance business in Canada , first went to explore the opportunity of buying a small , out-of-the way hotel in the late 1980s . They ended up selling their home in the city 's Wychwood neighbourhood and buying the Crane Hotel , which has perched on 16 hectares of cliff-top land on the southeast coast of the island since 1887 .
“ Barbados grew on me the longer I stayed , ” says Doyle , who is now a resident . “ It became clear Canadians are very appreciated here . And that the people are very warm and welcoming . ”
During a tour of the property , Doyle frequently points out that design , engineering , construction , furnishings , landscaping and management are all done in-house in keeping with their belief that you can have luxury without an exorbitant price tag , while maintaining authenticity and harmony with nature .
The award-winning resort has five restaurants — serving everything from sushi , to seafood , and southern Italian — a café ( which coincidentally has awesome coconut ice cream and sweet bread ) , shops , a fitness centre , spa , tennis and multiple pools , yet I never had to fight for a beach chair or line up to eat .
Doyle 's uncompromising approach to development has also been applied in two previously announced residential projects that are underway . The first of five buildings at The Private Residences at Crane is move-in ready . Spread over two hectares , each building consists of 16 two- and three-bedroom units of 1,916 sq . ft. and 3,619 sq . ft. , respectively .
And a model home sits at the low-density , eco-friendly East Coast Beach Houses , 35-minutes north of Crane on the one per cent of the east coast not allocated to Barbados ' National Park . When finished , 63 freestanding two- and three-bedroom beach houses will snuggle into the rolling hillside overlooking Skeet 's Bay Beach and Culpepper Island , each with unimpeded ocean views .
Site plans include a boutique hotel , two restaurants , a bar , day spa , state-of-the-art wellness centre and a convenience store . While under construction , a free shuttle will take residents to The Crane . Completing the site will likely take seven to 10 years , Doyle says , adding he 'd rather take their time than use a “ build it and they will come ” approach .
Chilling out
It seems “ liming , ” the Barbadian term for relaxing , has its benefits . An article in the most recent “ Ins and Outs of Barbados ” magazine cites a global survey ranking the island second to Okinawa , Japan when it comes to reaching a ripe old age . The Caribbean nation , with a population of about 285,000 , boasts more than 110 centenarians , which the writer attributes to the island 's stress-free , unhurried lifestyle ; access to clean , coral-filtered drinking water ; cooling northeast trade winds that keep temperatures at 24 to 28 degrees Celsius ; and a diet of ground provisions — think yams , sweet potatoes , dasheen root and cassava .
If you choose to buy a Crane property on the southeast coast , you can be relaxing on Crane Beach — widely considered one of the Top 10 beaches in the world — in less than 20 minutes after clearing customs at Barbados Grantley Adams International Airport . There are no nightclubs , or noisy motorboats and jet skis zipping around feet from where you are swimming to disturb you . Unlike the west Platinum Coast , you ca n't even see another resort .
Do n't think you have to trade excursions and nightlife for tranquility and seclusion , though . Barbados is only 19 kilometres from top to bottom and 12 km across at it 's widest point , putting destinations such as the lush tropical Hunte 's Gardens , the many pink- and white-sand beaches along more than 110 km of coastline , distilleries including St. Nicholas Abbey near the top , and many great restaurants and rum shops a short distance away by car , taxi , bus or even by foot .
You can get a reasonably priced typical Bajan lunch at Cutters Bajan Deli , an easy walk from Crane . Crispy fish cakes , and piping hot pumpkin fritters , dipped in Barbados ubiquitous yellow hot sauce , take the edge off owner Roger Goddard 's famous rum punch , while you wait for a cutter — the best is the pan-fried , breaded flying fish on a salt bread roll topped with lettuce and tomato . Or lime with locals at Oistins Friday-night fish fry , less than a 30-minutes ride away . Choose between grilled or fried tuna , swordfish , marlin , mahi-mahi , or flying fish with two sides — the coleslaw and macaroni pie were scrumptious — from among several vendors and find a place at the picnic tables . Or head 35 minutes up the coast to Bathsheba , a local surfers ' hangout , and enjoy an authentic Bajan buffet lunch served Wednesdays or Sundays at the Restaurant at Atlantis Hotel .
At the Crane , you have the pick of two of Barbados ' top-rated restaurants . At L'Azure Restaurant , famous for its seafood and ocean views , I opted for a char-grilled Mahi-Mahi with sweet potato gnocchi , garlic-infused wilted greens , corn and green beans , topped with a lobster nantua sauce that lived up to its reputation . A dessert of flourless dark chocolate cake that oozed warm milk chocolate when cut , and a scoop of handmade vanilla ice cream topped with spiced Bajan cherry compote , was memorable . From Zagat-rated Zen 's Japanese and Thai menu , on another evening we devoured starters of miso soup , lightly salted edamame beans , an assortment of crispy , piping hot tempura vegetables and pickled baby octopus and radish , followed by an array of sushi and sashimi over conversation with Paul Doyle .
Privacy
Suites at The Private Residences at Crane have generous kitchens , finished with granite countertops , ample storage and stainless steel appliances for those times you want to cook for yourself or reserve a private chef . And a personal service elevator makes it easy to bring groceries up from the underground parking . All that 's left is to set a table under the stars on your private terrace : at ground level , terraces face a private garden and pool ; private roof terraces and dining gazebos adjacent to the pool come with penthouse suites .
The Private Residences at Crane are priced from US $ 773,000 , and include appliances but not furniture , linens and dishes . If you plan to participate in the rental program , you may want to purchase a furniture package from the developer . The second phase of the development , scheduled for completion winter 2018/2019 , has one remaining suite for sale . The third phase has 19 condos available .
The Beach Houses , which offer more privacy , have 180-degree views and remote-controlled shades to shield terraces from wind and sun . A minimalist exterior hides generously proportioned living spaces , finished in tones that mimic the view through the floor-to-ceiling glass doors .
Owners can take advantage of a studio lock-off feature for some extra income , while maintaining their privacy and space . The main living area consists of a generous master suite with an indoor/outdoor bath with soaker tub and two showers surrounded by a private garden . It also has a separate 37-foot-long infinity edge pool and hot tub with ocean view . The studio has an indoor/outdoor shower , a small private terrace and a 19-foot infinity pool with hot tub .
Twenty-five of the beach houses planned for development are currently available for fractional , quarter share or whole ownership for between US $ 56,000 and US $ 2.95 million , with the front nine scheduled for completion next winter .
Monthly condo fees for a typical two-bedroom unit at The Crane Private Residences start at US $ 1,588 ; fees for a two-bedroom beach house with lock-off begin at US $ 2,452 . That covers contribution toward resort amenities and services , building insurance , property taxes , utilities , alarm systems , internet , long distance phone calls , cable television , property maintenance and rental pool management services , among other things .
Another benefit you wo n't find on most Caribbean islands is that Barbados ' foreign policy allows access to U.S.-dollar based mortgages from local offshore banks , many of which will be familiar to Canadians .
The writer was a guest of The Crane Resort . The organization did not review this article .
( AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel ) . On this Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 , photo , Donna Terrell of KLRT in Little Rock , Ark. , speaks about the exposure from an annual `` Babe Bracket '' competition conducted by a radio station and sponsored by a lingerie shop , in which l ...
( AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel ) . On this Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 , photo , Stephanie Sharp prepares to anchor a newscast on KARK-TV in Little Rock , Ark . Sharp says an annual `` Babe Bracket '' competition conducted by a radio station and sponsored by a lingerie sh ...
( AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel ) . Morning radio show hosts David Bazzel , Roger Scott and Tommy Smith pose for a photo outside a lingerie shop in Little Rock , Ark. , where they hosted their show for KABZ-FM on Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . Last year , the shop sponsore ...
By KELLY P. KISSEL
Associated Press
LITTLE ROCK , Ark . ( AP ) - An effort is underway to stop a Little Rock radio station 's annual `` Babe Bracket , '' which allows listeners to vote on 16 local female television anchors in a beauty and popularity contest sponsored by a lingerie shop .
A TV station news director who once supported the contest wrote in a blog post Thursday that it was time to end the competition , which is modeled after the NCAA men 's basketball tournament known as `` March Madness . ''
They and some listeners to the morning call-in radio show say the contest , which started in 1997 , does n't acknowledge the women 's professional accomplishments and wrongly concentrates on their attractiveness and personality . Others say there 's nothing wrong with it .
The contest begins each March with 16 women in eight pairs . Listeners to a KABZ show titled `` The Show With No Name '' vote on which women they like best . Eventually , 15 are eliminated . Past winners have received a crown and flowers .
Stephanie Sharp , an anchor at KARK television , said that amid an international backlash against sexual harassment , the contest is outdated .
`` I know it 's all in good fun and no one is hurt , but it 's 2018 . It 's not how we 're supposed to be comparing professional women , '' they said . `` And it 's sponsored by a lingerie shop . It kind of tells you what they 're going for . ''
Host David Bazzel , a former University of Arkansas football player , said they typically build the bracket with anchors who have appeared on the show to promote their journalism or local charities .
`` It does raise their visibility in the market . They 're savvy enough to know that it helps cross-promote what they do , '' said Bazzel , who with their two counterparts hosted Friday 's show at the lingerie shop that sponsored last year 's Babe Bracket .
A former winner of the contest says they do n't have a problem with it .
`` If the Babe Bracket helps me promote things that are important to me , I would say , 'Sign me up every year , ' '' said Donna Terrell , a KLRT anchor who has used their appearances to tout a charity they set up to fight colon cancer , which took their daughter 's life .
KARK 's news director , Austin Kellerman , went on the radio station two years ago to promote one of their journalists when they were a Babe Bracket finalist . Their blog post calling for it to end has prompted two days of conversation around the city . They will let their journalists decide for themselves if they 'll take part this year .
Bazzel said Kellerman 's complaint rang hollow because television is based on attractive people
`` It 's a little hypocritical for news directors to say we 're objectifying women when you look at how they 're hiring who 's going to be their news anchors , '' they said .
Bazzel said the hosts intend to run the contest again , though the decision has n't been cleared through station management . They said if the contest is held and a woman asks to be left off the bracket they would respect them wishes .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
ALLENTOWN , Pa. — A man who frequently checked a teenager out of school without their parents ' knowledge and fled to Mexico with them will soon be in the custody of Pennsylvania authorities .
Federal agents and Mexican authorities found 45-year-old Kevin Esterly and 16-year-old Amy Yu in Playa del Carmen on Saturday and flew them to Miami . An extradition hearing was held Monday for Esterly , and they will be returned to Pennsylvania in the next two weeks , the Miami-Dade State Attorney 's office said .
The girl arrived Sunday in Philadelphia and was taken home to Allentown , 60 miles ( 97 kilometres ) away . Esterly faces a felony charge of interference with the custody of a child when they arrive back in Pennsylvania .
The two had been missing since March 5 , when Allentown police said they bought one-way tickets from Philadelphia to Dallas and then headed to Cancun . Mexican authorities issued an Amber Alert in the case on Thursday .
Police have said they believe the teen went willingly with the married father of four , who had signed them out of school 10 times in the last few months . The girl had altered their student records to list Esterly as their stepfather , said Gary Hammer , of the Colonial Regional Police Department .
Amy 's family previously said the two met at church years ago , and the girl is friends with one of Esterly 's daughters .
Attorney John Waldron , who represents Esterly 's wife , Stacey , told The ( Allentown ) Morning Call on Sunday that their husband had been calling them from prison , but they refused to accept their calls and plans to file for divorce .
NEW YORK — The Latest on Roseanne Barr ( all times local ) :
11:50 a.m .
President Donald Trump has broken their silence on the cancellation of “ Roseanne . ”
In a tweet , Trump noted that Robert Iger , who is chief executive of ABC 's parent Walt Disney Co. , called Valerie Jarrett to say the network would n't tolerate Roseanne Barr 's racist tweet about the former Obama adviser .
Trump wrote that Iger never called them to apologize for “ the HORRIBLE statements ” that have been said about them on ABC . Tweeted Trump : “ Maybe I just did n't get the call . ”
The president reveled in the show 's success this spring , especially after Barr 's character came out as a supporter of their policies .
2 a.m .
Roseanne Barr shows no signs they will remain quiet about their firing from their popular ABC series and has highlighted supporters ' tweets criticizing the network .
Barr engaged in a series of tweets Tuesday night , hours after ABC announced it was cancelling the rebooted “ Roseanne ” over a racist tweet by the comedian attacking Valerie Jarrett , an adviser to former President Barack Obama .
Barr 's post-firing tweets included an apology to those who lost their jobs because of their words , but their choice of retweets struck a defiant tone . They included one post that juxtaposed an image of Jarrett with an image of a “ Planet of the Apes ” actor — a comparison that led to their firing .
They later tweeted that people should not defend them
Have your say
RFL interim chief executive Ralph Rimmer believes the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup semi-finals ' presence will be “ elevated ” when staged as a double-header for the first time .
The Wembley finalists will be decided this year when all four teams play at Macron Stadium , Bolton on Sunday August 5 with both games live on the BBC .
There has been three World Club Challenges held at the venue previously and the same number of Test matches between 1998 and 2007 .
Rimmer said : “ The Ladbrokes Challenge Cup is one of the most prestigious competitions in sport and the introduction of a semi-finals double header is a fantastic opportunity to showcase two of the biggest games of the year at one event .
“ Fans rarely get the chance to watch two games on one day that have so much riding on them .
“ We believe this unique event will offer another opportunity for the sport to showcase itself to a wider audience of event goers and casual sports fans .
“ By creating the double header we feel we will elevate the games and create a memorable experience for all those involved . ”
The first semi-final will kick off at 12.30pm with the second game starting at 2.45pm .
Phillip Bernie , Head of TV Sport , BBC , said they had been working with the governing body for some time on what will be a “ five hour feast of rugby league ” .
Leeds Rhinos welcome back Joel Moon , Matt Parcell , Carl Ablett and Anthony Mullally for tomorrow 's Cup quarter-final against Leigh Centurions .
However , they have lost Brett Delaney and Jack Ormondroyd to injuries suffered in Saturday 's defeat in Perpignan .
Castleford Tigers have recalled prop Will Maher from a season-long loan at Halifax ahead of tomorrow 's Super League game at Hull KR .
They could make their first appearance of the season for the club along with Kieran Gill and Tuoyo Egodo while Greg Eden and Joe Wardle return from injury .
After last week 's loss against St Helens , Junior Moors , Greg Minikin and Ben Roberts miss out through injury along with ex-Hull KR prop James Green .
Wigan Warriors prop Ryan Sutton , 22 , has agreed a two-year deal with Canberra Raiders starting in 2019 .
By BRIAN MAHONEYAP Basketball Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - DeMarcus Cousins will make an early season trip back to Sacramento , while Gordon Hayward will wait almost all season to see Utah again .
Chris Paul 's return to their old Clippers home is part of a Martin Luther King Jr. day tripleheader that includes another NBA Finals rematch , while Paul George and Jimmy Butler also learned the dates of their return games Monday when the NBA released its full 2017-18 schedule - which for the first time in history features no teams playing four games in five nights .
The league had unveiled its opening-week national TV games and its five-game Christmas schedule last week . Opening night is Oct. 17 , the earliest the regular season has started in 37 years .
Cousins will then return to California 's capital city to play for the first time since the Kings traded them to New Orleans last February when the Pelicans visit on Oct. 26 as part of a TNT doubleheader .
From there , it 's another five months until Hayward plays in Salt Lake City for the first time since joining the Boston Celtics as a free agent in July . The Celtics visit the Jazz on March 28 for an ESPN game .
Other nights of note :
- George travels back to Indiana on Dec. 13 for the first time since the Pacers surprisingly dealt them to Oklahoma City .
- Butler , another All-Star who went East to West in the summer , takes the Timberwolves into Chicago on Feb. 9 .
- The NBA 's top two picks go head-to-head for the first time Nov. 15 when Markelle Fultz and Philadelphia visit Lonzo Ball and the Lakers .
- The All-Star Game is Feb. 18 in Los Angeles .
The Christmas schedule , as usual , is headlined by NBA Finals foes Golden State and Cleveland meeting for the first time since the Warriors ' five-game victory in June . They will meet again on Jan. 15 on the Cavaliers ' home floor .
Later that night , Paul 's Houston Rockets play the Clippers at Staples Center for the first time since acquiring the point guard to play alongside James Harden in their backcourt . The opener of the TNT tripleheader features Memphis ' return to the Martin Luther King Jr. Day schedule , hosting the Lakers .
The regular season ends April 11 .
___
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
MACON , Ga. — Ross Cummings scored 22 points with six 3-pointers , both career highs , to lead Mercer to a 73-65 win over Wofford on Saturday .
Cummings , a 6-foot-3 sophomore making their second career start , finished 8 for 10 from the field and missed just two of their eight shots from long range . They have combined for 14 3-pointers in the last three games . Desmond Ringer added 16 points and Demetre Rivers had 10 for Mercer , which snapped a four-game skid .
Mercer ( 11-13 , 4-7 Southern Conference ) trailed by double figures midway through the first half but tightened it up with an 11-0 run just before the break . Cummings drained a 3-pointer with 4:11 remaining to put Mercer on top for good , 61-59 , and Demetre Rivers hit a 3 to stretch the lead to five . Cameron Jackson cut the deficit to 64-61 on a dunk but Cummings responded with their sixth 3 .
Fletcher Magee scored 23 points to lead Wofford ( 16-8 , 7-4 ) .
Today , three of more than a dozen women that have accused Donald Trump of sexual assault and misconduct came forward with details of their encounters with the 45th president . Meanwhile , three U.S . Senators ; Kirsten Gillebrand of New York , Cory Booker of New Jersey and Jeff Merkley of Oregon have demanded Trump resign . We 'll talk about the so-called “ Me Too ” movement and the cases of sexual misconduct against Trump , with The Mod Squad , Taya Graham and Stephen Janis of The Real News Network .
These stories today on AFRO 's First Edition with Sean Yoes .
And the prize for city of culture goes to – Litterland – sorry Sunderland . But again I may be right as now that our council in its infinite wisdom has decided to collect household rubbish every two weeks instead of weekly .
I do n't recall any consultation to the taxpayers , do n't suppose there will be any follow-up review in three months time .
What I do expect is litter dumped all over the city . We already have a litter and dumping problem , which will only be exacerbated by this decision .
The usual excuses used will be it will save a lorry driving around polluting the atmosphere , the money saved can be used for other essential services , we have to save money ( probably to pay for the iconic bridge to nowhere or another car park on the Vaux site ) .
What it will mean is that a number of people will be losing their jobs and the litter and dumping problem in the city will get worse than it is .
This will bring more problems .
Towns and cities that have gone down this route have noticed an increase in risk to health caused by rotting food waste .
This is also associated with noxious smells , disease and an increased rodent and insect problem .
Health and safety officials have also had complaints from binmen about the weight of the wheelie bins they have to move because people are cramming in as much as they can .
Sunderland Council has an obligation to the people of Sunderland to maintain a clean environment .
I just hope the budget for environmental health and pest control have not been cut .
Ray Craig
New York City 's deadly helicopter crash has prompted the National Transportation Safety Board to call on federal regulators to prohibit commercial flights that use passenger harness systems that do not allow for easy release .
The NTSB 's recommendation on Monday comes after last week 's helicopter crash in the East River . Five passengers who could n't free themselves from their harnesses drowned . The pilot escaped .
The Federal Aviation Administration on Friday temporarily grounded open-door flights involving restraints that can not be quickly released . It also said it was conducting a review of its rules governing such flights .
NTSB Chairman Robert Sumwalt applauds the agency 's move , but says “ definitive action needs to be taken . ”
FAA spokesperson Greg Martin says the grounding was a first step and that more formal action is expected .
( AP Photo/Jack Dempsey ) . The jersey of former Colorado Rockies manager Don Baylor hangs in the dugout as members of the Colorado Rockies bow their heads in a moment of silence before a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in ...
( AP Photo/Jack Dempsey ) . Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Chad Bettis sits in the dugout before a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Denver . The game marks Bettis ' first of the year after battling cancer .
( Ap Photo/Jack Dempsey ) . Atlanta Braves ' Ender Inciarte , left , is tagged out at home plate by Colorado Rockies catcher Jonathan Lucroy , right , during the first inning of a baseball game Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Denver .
( AP Photo/Jack Dempsey ) . Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Chad Bettis throws to the plate during the first inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Denver .
( AP Photo/Jack Dempsey ) . Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Chad Bettis high-fives teammates in the dugout before a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Denver . The game marks Bettis ' first of the year after battling cancer .
By MICHAEL KELLYAssociated Press
DENVER ( AP ) - Chad Bettis had trouble controlling their emotions as they took the mound for the first time since cancer treatment . They had no trouble controlling the Atlanta Braves ' lineup .
Bettis threw seven impressive innings in their season debut Monday , thrilling the crowd as the Colorado Rockies beat the Braves 3-0 on a feel-good night at Coors Field .
Bettis scattered six hits , walked none and struck out two . They had n't pitched in the majors since being diagnosed with testicular cancer in November .
`` I do n't think I was in tune to what was going on until the fifth , '' Bettis said . `` So many emotions . I was trying to get them under control . It was taking much longer than what was expected . ''
Bettis had surgery for the condition , but tests in March showed the cancer had spread to their lymph nodes . They later underwent chemotherapy .
The journey to get back to the rotation was on their mind all day , but they were able to harness their emotions and put together a strong outing .
`` From what everybody has told me about this fella , seeing what they did tonight did n't surprise me , '' first-year Rockies manager Bud Black said . `` I 'm sure it was emotional for him , their family , the people who he 's close to , people with cancer that follow their path . ''
The 33,641 fans at Coors Field were cheering for Bettis before they threw their first major league pitch of 2017 . The crowd rose as they walked in from the bullpen before the start , and gave a big cheer as they went out to pitch the first inning .
`` You try to get your mind clear because of the task at hand , and then to be hit with that emotion , it was unbelievable , '' Bettis said . `` Walking in it was deep breaths . ''
Reality hit in a hurry when Ender Inciarte led off with a triple past a diving Gerardo Parra in left , but Inciarte was thrown out trying to stretch it to an inside-the-park home run .
`` It went from being incredibly high to , 'Oh no , we 're about to be down 1-0 . ' I 've never had a problem with guys laying out , '' Bettis said . `` Parra tried to make a spectacular play and ended up still making a spectacular play . ''
The 28-year-old Bettis settled into a pitchers ' duel with Atlanta starter Julio Teheran and pitched the way they did last year when they led Colorado in starts ( 32 ) , wins ( 14 ) and innings ( 186 ) . Bettis left for a pinch hitter in the seventh with the game still scoreless .
Colorado scored three times in the eighth off Rex Brothers ( 2-3 ) , who relieved Teheran . The Rockies are tied with Arizona for the top NL wild card .
`` You hate not to get that one for ( Teheran ) , '' Brothers said .
Mike Dunn ( 5-1 ) got the win and Greg Holland closed for their 35th save . Holland , who had blown their previous two save chances , gave up a single and a walk in the ninth before getting the last out .
Teheran allowed four hits and struck out eight in seven innings .
`` I 've been working to try and get back on track and today I feel like I had my best , like the old Julio Teheran that we 're used to seeing , '' they said .
Charlie Blackmon led off the Colorado eighth with a triple . After an intentional walk , Parra singled through the drawn-in infield to put the Rockies ahead .
Carlos Gonzalez 's two-run single off Jason Motte provided some insurance .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Braves : OF Matt Kemp ( right hamstring strain ) did some running and is scheduled to do more Wednesday . They will take Thursday off but could play Friday against Cincinnati .
Rockies : OF-1B Ian Desmond ( right calf strain ) did some hitting and running on Colorado 's recent road trip .
CRISIS AVERTED
The Rockies got a scare Sunday when All-Star 3B Nolan Arenado , who leads the majors with 100 RBIs , left the game in Miami after being hit on the left hand with a pitch . They and the team feared they broke a bone but X-rays showed only a bruise .
`` I was a little surprised . I thought I broke it , '' Arenado said Monday . `` It got super tight right after . Last time I broke my finger , and I 've broken bones before , it gets super tight and it usually comes out broken . ''
Arenado did n't start but they pinch-hit in the seventh , fouling out to first .
`` I 'm good to go . It hurts , but I 've dealt with worse pain , '' they said . `` It 's not as swollen as we thought it was going to be . It 's just pain tolerance . ''
BAYLOR TRIBUTE
Before the game , the Rockies honored Don Baylor , the club 's first manager , with a video tribute and a moment of silence . Baylor , who managed Colorado for its first six seasons , died last week at age 68 after a 14-year battle with multiple myeloma . The Rockies hung their jersey in their dugout .
UP NEXT
Braves : LHP Sean Newcomb ( 1-7 , 4.45 ERA ) will make their 12th start of the season Tuesday .
Rockies : LHP Kyle Freeland ( 11-7 , 3.70 ) returns from a left groin strain to make their first career start against Atlanta .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The International Criminal Court ( ICC ) has called for the arrest and surrender of Saif al-Islam Gaddafi , who was released by a militia in Libya last week after six years in jail .
The son of late leader Col Muammar Gaddafi is wanted for alleged crimes against humanity during the rebellion that ousted their father in 2011 .
Their location is unclear . The UN-backed government has condemned the release .
It is feared that the move could fuel further instability in the country .
Saif al-Islam was freed from jail last Friday by the Abu Bakr al-Siddiq Battalion militia in the western town of Zintan under an amnesty law .
They have not been seen in public since then . A source told the BBC they were in the Tobruk area of eastern Libya .
Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda , of the Hague-based ICC , said their office was still trying to verify the release , and called on Libya and other states to arrest and surrender him .
“ Libya is obliged to immediately arrest and surrender Mr Gaddafi to the ICC , regardless of any purported amnesty law in Libya , ” they said in a statement .
The re-emergence of Saif al-Islam Gaddafi could deepen old wounds and create fresh divisions in this fractured country . For those who gathered in Martyrs ' Square in Tripoli six years ago demanding freedom it will be seen as a betrayal of the revolution . One man said it was like building a house just to have it torn down .
But many of those we spoke to around the square accepted their release . That is not so surprising perhaps given Libya 's descent into chaos since their father was overthrown .
One woman said that those who had come after Col Gaddafi had made an even bigger mess in Libya , and their son might bring stability . In the words of a young man , better the devil you know .
The former playboy often appeared in the West as the public face of the Gaddafi regime , and was their father 's heir apparent . Their supporters will be hoping they return to the political fray here , but they are still a wanted man .
The Abu Bakr al-Siddiq Battalion said it was acting on a request from the “ interim government ” based in the east of the country .
However , Saif al-Islam has been sentenced to death in absentia by a court in Tripoli , in the west of the country , where control is in the hands of the rival , UN-backed Government of National Accord .
The 44-year-old Saif al-Islam was captured in November 2011 after three months on the run following the end of Muammar Gaddafi 's decades-long rule .
They were known for playing a key role in building relations with the West after 2000 .
But after the 2011 uprising , they found themselves accused of incitement to violence and murdering protesters .
Four years later , they were sentenced to death by firing squad following a trial involving 30 of Gaddafi 's close associates .
–
Source : BBC
Narrator is also getting a slew of upgrades . The screen reader will be more responsive and will navigate the web more effectively . It will also be able to emphasize bolded , italicized , underlined and capitalized text without having to use announcements like `` start bold '' and `` end bold . '' Instead , Narrator will change its reading speed , pitch and/or volume to denote the text formatting . Narrator can now also run in Safe Mode and within Microsoft Edge , it will start describing actions like opening and closing tabs , adding favorites and page loading .
Microsoft 's eye control features are still in preview , but they 're also getting some improvements . Upcoming features include the ability to scroll , direct left and right click capabilities and the option to pause eye control so users can read or stream without accidentally clicking .
And lastly , Learning Tools in Microsoft Edge will also get new features , like the ability to break down complex words and identify parts of speech , and Microsoft will introduce text suggestions for hardware keyboard use .
Microsoft says it 's always looking for feedback when it comes to new features and these are no exception . Those previewing these features through the Windows Insider Program can share their thoughts through the Feedback app .
Police say a boy riding their bike Friday in Latonia , Ky. was struck and killed by a vehicle .
It happened Friday evening at 10 E. 32nd Street , near Decoursey .
Police said the driver of the car is in custody .
Stay with FOX19 NOW for updates .
Copyright 2017 WXIX . All rights reserved .
LiAngelo Ball got to wear Lonzo Ball 's No . 2 while working out for the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday , but it appears as though the Purple and Gold may be reluctant to add LaVar Ball 's second son in some capacity this summer .
According to the New York Times ' Marc Stein , “ there is pessimism in the extreme coming out of L.A. today that the Lakers have any intentions for [ Gelo ] … G-League or otherwise . ”
A dribble of draft scuttle for those interested : The Lakers had LiAngelo Ball in for a well-chronicled workout this week but there is pessimism in the extreme coming out of L.A. today that the Lakers have any intentions for them … G-League or otherwise — Marc Stein ( @ TheSteinLine ) May 30 , 2018
The odds of the Lakers—or any NBA team , for that matter—spending a draft pick on LiAngelo have always seemed long . L.A. , for its part , owns the Nos . 25 and 47 picks in the June 21 draft .
But the notion that the Purple and Gold might pass on Gelo entirely could come as something of a surprise . It 's not uncommon for NBA teams to add the less-talented siblings of their incumbent players to their then-D-League rosters . The New York Knicks pulled that favor with J.R. Smith 's brother Chris Smith . The Golden State Warriors similarly helped the brothers of Stephen Curry ( Seth Curry ) and Klay Thompson ( Mychel Thompson ) .
Granted , none of those players had a father quite like LaVar Ball , with all the political and public-relations concerns they bring . The Big Baller Brand CEO has seemed more amenable of late to their second son playing outside of L.A. , though that would clearly imperil their “ master plan ” to get all three of their boys on the Lakers .
That said , Stein 's report , in all its vagueness , does n't explicitly disqualify the possibility that LiAngelo could land on the Lakers ' Summer League squad as an undrafted free agent . But if the organization is n't keen to even consider keeping the 19-year-old around , it stands to reason that they would n't wear Purple and Gold in July either .
If this rumor is true , it should give Gelo all the more reason to put on their best performance yet when they audition for the Warriors on June 10 .
Related LiAngelo Ball to reportedly work out for Golden State Warriors in June
Have your say
Metro passengers are facing disruption this morning after a points failure knocked out trains on a stretch of the Sunderland line .
There are no trains running between South Hylton and Park Lane in both directions .
Metro said tickets will be accepted on the Stagecoach number 8 bus to South Hylton .
Head lice is an issue that affects many kids , but since Public Health has deemed lice a nuisance instead of a disease , more and more school boards have loosened their rules on lice and putting the onus on parents to identify and treat it .
Nearly a decade ago , if a student came to school with lice or eggs also known as ‘ nits ' , they 'd be sent right back home and would n't be allowed back until their scalp was clear . But over the years school boards have eliminated the ‘ no-nit ' policy .
Hamilton public , Catholic and Niagara school boards allow students to return to class as long as they are undergoing treatments . Only the Halton district school board continues the ‘ no-nit ' policy . School-wide checks are determined by the princical , instead , concered parents are sent information on how to spot and treat lice .
Lice Squad has 33 locations across Canada and charge $ 75 an hour for inspections . First they check lice hot spots around the ear , across the neck and at the crown . If found , a shampoo , which costs $ 30 can be applied and left on for thirty minutes . Then a specialized comb is used to weed out the bugs . Depending on hair length the process could take an hour or more . Once that 's done , it 's time to clear out the house .
“ The comb you need to boil at least 20 minutes , clothes need to wash with hot water for 20-30 minutes , and vacuuming all the carpets if you have a lot of carpets in the house . ”
It could take up to six days to clear out a lice infestation .
Axel Witsel Explains Decision To Snub Juventus For Chinese Club Tianjin Quanian
Juventus look set to miss out on their long-term transfer target Axel Witsel with the Belgian midfielder poised to join Chinese Super League club Tianjin Quanjian .
The 27-year-old had previously hinted they would be happy to link up with the Serie A champions at the end of their contract with current club Zenit , but they appear to have been tempted by a January move to China instead .
Quoted in Tuttosport , Witsel said : “ It 's been a very difficult choice , because on one hand I had an offer from a great club like Juventus , but I also had an offer I could not turn down for my family 's sake .
“ The Bianconeri have always been great with me and I ca n't be anything but grateful for that . I will support Juventus and I hope they can win the Champions League . And who knows what will happen in the future , maybe we 'll cross paths once again . ”
Witsel will link up with Fabio Cannavaro at Tianjin Quanjian , and earn a reported €18 million annual salary over a four-year contract .
Belgium international Witsel has won one Russian Premier League title , one Russian Cup and two Russian Super Cups since joining Zenit from Benfica in 2012 in a move worth €40m .
But they will now leave Europe to play in the CSL , a competition which has been increasingly successful in attracting global talent .
Carlos Tevez completed a move to Shanghai Shenhua last month that reportedly makes them the world 's highest-paid footballer .
The post Axel Witsel Explains Decision To Snub Juventus For Chinese Club Tianjin Quanian appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Writer Daisy Goodwin has teased what we can expect from the third season
Rejoice , Victoria fans – a third series of the hit ITV drama has been confirmed .
Advertisement
And it 's also been announced that Jenna Coleman and Tom Hughes will be back and reprising their roles as the young Queen and Prince Albert in the critically acclaimed drama .
We 've already been given some hints of what to expect from the next chapter in the young monarch 's life by writer Daisy Goodwin , who has teased “ more drama than ever before ” in the third season .
Goodwin said : “ Series three will start in 1848 which was a hugely dramatic and eventful time for both the royal family and Europe , with revolutions on the continent and uncertainty around the monarchy .
“ Viewers can expect more drama than ever before in the third series . ”
Victoria is commissioned by ITV 's Head of Drama Polly Hill , who said that ITV looked forward to “ regaling audiences with the next part of the illustrious Queen 's reign . ”
Damien Timmer from production company Mammoth Screen added that the period series three will cover was “ filled to the brim with royal scandals , political skirmishes and constitutional crises , as new historical figures enter the saga to challenge Victoria and Albert as never before . ”
Although no date has been confirmed for the series ' return , at least fans wo n't have to wait long for their next Victoria fix . Christmas special Comfort And Joy will air at 9pm on Christmas Day .
Advertisement
Goodwin revealed they were writing a special episode for Christmas 2017 over a year ago . Speaking at the Radio Times Television Festival , they said : “ I know it 's going to be utterly brilliant and there 'll be a lot of snow in it . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chester based music producer Chris Beale is looking forward to 2018 as it marks the 10th anniversary of them launching Mashup Events .
Chris owns Mashup Events , one of Chester 's main club nights which has brought artists such as Shy FX , Ms Dynamite , Danny Dyer , Goldie , Hype , Wilkinson , B Traits , Jaguar Skills , Maxxi Soundsystem , Yousef and many more to Chester venues such as The Live Rooms , the Frog and Nightingale and Compass .
They said : “ As an independent business this is a truly great achievement to have lasted a decade .
“ In the current climate , with so many clubs and events disappearing , we have worked against all odds and learned to adjust and change every single day .
“ There have been so many obstacles and challenges and it has driven us to improve and forced us to develop an original product that can no longer be imitated .
“ And now we have become a nationwide business that other independent brands turn to for our services , as well as locally , which include top quality event production , promotion , brand and equipment hire . ”
Mashup Events will be staging a 10th anniversary UK this year with its own custom designed pop-up venue at several festivals .
( Image : UGC )
The main event is to be held in Chester later this year . People can find out more information about this by on Facebook.com/ mashupeventsuk .
Recently , Chris Beale won support from BBC Introducing .
Their debut record was Steklo , released in 2013 . Soon after , they signed the track to Move Records on Itunes which in turn saw their name showcased at ADE , the world 's biggest music festival .
Their breakthrough track came with Mashup Chester with C Gritz ( Boy Better Know ) which gained widespread support from both clubs and radio and helped to further popularise bass music in their home city .
In 2014 , Chris released the BBC Introducing supported track Thinking Out Loud featuring vocals from UK artist Fran Young .
The success with the BBC was followed by the solo track Going My Own Way , released on the same label , which reached and stayed at number 15 on Juno 's Chart for three months over the summer of 2015 .
Late 2014 saw their debut album For The Love signed to Move which helped to cement their position as a mainstay UK techno producer and gained Chris the recognition as a product of Britain 's electronic dance movement .
As a DJ , Chris has earned a Guinness World Record , with the number one spot for the DJ relay at London super club Ministry Of Sound where they have also been featured as a ‘ local hero ' .
And they have also headlined the Marina Stage at major UK festival Wakestock .
You see , all four clips in the video orbit around a person with one arm sticking up , and it 's most likely that there 's a 360 camera stuck in the hand ( it 's invisible due to the nature of image stitching ) . And yet somehow , it 's as if the camera is also flying though smoke and glitter in the first two clips , then under a flock of pigeons in the following clip , and finally around a boat in the last segment .
This is all rather mind-boggling , to say the least . If it were n't for the arm plus the lack of shadow , we 'd be leaning towards this being a drone footage or some sort of clever selfie trick -- like swinging a camera around on a string ? There 's also the possibility of this feature being purely based on software which , if compatible , it 'd make a sweet update for existing Insta360 users . But then again , this may require more onboard processing power so chances are slim .
Little else is shown in the video except for the `` August 28 '' date plus the `` everything epic in one '' tag line towards the end . Furthermore , Insta360 's updated homepage appears to be hinting at a new consumer-level 360 camera . We 've tried poking for more information but the company reps would n't budge ; all they added was that the footage shown here is non-final , which means there 's more to look forward to when the big day finally arrives . And of course , when GoPro finally manages to launch its Fusion 360 camera , it 'll be interesting to compare its reality-warping OverCapture feature with Insta360 's upcoming trick .
KYLE BENNETT saluted the killer movement which took down Blackpool .
Bennett believes Pompey 's attacking flexibility proved key to delivering the 2-0 success over the Tangerines last night .
Paul Cook 's side produced a first-half performance of free-flowing football and fluidity to please the home crowd .
The intent of the trio utilised behind Eoin Doyle in Cook 's preferred 4-2-3-1 formation was central to that display .
The second half proved more disjointed as Pompey eventually put the game to bed in stoppage-time .
Bennett explained their team have worked on not being so regimented in their attacking positions . And the 26-year-old felt that paid dividends .
They said : ‘ We 've worked on Jamal ( Lowe ) , me and Robbo ( Gary Roberts ) inter-changing .
‘ It could be whoever 's in there , but it 's us at the moment .
‘ We 've been looking at there being more flexibility in our play .
‘ Maybe we 've been a bit rigid at times in that three .
‘ It 's about inter-changing because movement kills people .
‘ The flexibility between us was great and it was the same when the subs came on .
‘ They had a massive impact on the game .
‘ The gaffer 's motto is movement kills – and it does in this game .
‘ The inter-changing and taking up positions where they do n't know who is picking up who is brilliant for us .
‘ It 's great for the team and the people behind us – because it 's easier for them to find a pass . '
Bennett has no doubt the positive atmosphere created by Pompey fans in the crowd of 15,132 helped the team 's upbeat first-half display .
They added : ‘ The first-half performance showed we 're all on the same page and pulling in the same direction .
‘ You can feel it around the stadium at the end of the game .
‘ Nights like these at Fratton Park are the best you can get .
‘ The momentum 's building but it 's just on to the next one .
‘ The warm-up was enthusiastic and sometimes you can sense it in the dressing room . I think everyone felt that . '
Bennett also lauded the impact of new striker Eoin Doyle , who put in endless graft before getting their stoppage-time goal .
They said : ‘ It 's their first goal and hopefully it 's the first of many . Hopefully they can help get us over the line . '
– JORDAN CROSS
Senior Relationship Managers ( S-RM ) at XpatFunds – Akwa Ibom
XpatFunds , is recruiting to fill the position of : Senior Relationship Manager ( S-RM ) . The position is located in Uyo , Akwa Ibom State . Interested candidates should possess a first degree/HND in any of the Social Sciences , with at least 3 years work experience .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Hotnigerianjobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By ANDREW DALTON
AP Entertainment Writer
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday , saying a two-hour documentary on the singer 's last days improperly used the King of Pop 's songs , music videos and movies .
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles alleges that last week 's special , `` The Last Days of Michael Jackson , '' illegally uses significant excerpts of their most valuable songs , including `` Billie Jean '' and `` Bad , '' and music videos , including `` Thriller '' and `` Black or White . ''
It also says ABC used clips from the estate 's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary , `` Michael Jackson 's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall , '' and from the 2009 feature film `` Michael Jackson 's This is It . ''
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate 's intellectual property .
It frequently cites Disney 's aggressive defense of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of `` fair use , '' the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news , criticism and research .
`` Like Disney , the lifeblood of the estate 's business is its intellectual property , '' the lawsuit says . `` Yet for some reason , Disney decided it could just use the estate 's most valuable intellectual property for free . ''
Representatives from ABC said they had not yet reviewed the lawsuit but reiterated a statement from last week that the special was a piece of journalism and `` did not infringe on their estate 's rights . ''
As a work of news , the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson 's work , but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value , calling it `` a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson 's life and entertainment career . ''
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered .
The special focused on Jackson 's apparent decline in the run-up to their death on June 25 , 2009 . The 50-year-old left behind heirs that include their mother and three children .
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol , a prescription anesthetic they had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts .
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug . They served two years in jail , and their conviction was upheld in 2014 .
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The Toronto Argonauts are now James Franklin 's team .
Franklin will make their first start with Toronto on Saturday when the club hosts the Edmonton Eskimos at BMO Field . Franklin takes over as the Argos ' No . 1 quarterback with incumbent Ricky Ray sidelined with a neck injury .
Ray was hurt in Toronto 's 41-7 home loss to the Calgary Stampeders on June 23 .
Toronto acquired the rights to Franklin last December from Edmonton while Ray pondered their CFL future . Franklin skipped free agency to sign a two-year contract extension with the Argos .
The six-foot-two , 225-pound Franklin spent their first three CFL seasons ( 2015-17 ) backing up Edmonton veteran Mike Reilly , the CFL 's most outstanding player last year . Franklin appeared in 12 games with the Eskimos , going 2-1 as a starter .
Franklin replaced Ray against Calgary ( 3-0 ) , completing eight of 13 passes for 65 yards . They also ran three times for 14 yards , their 10-yard TD run accounting for Toronto 's lone touchdown of the game .
It 's the ability to make plays with their feet that differentiates Franklin from Ray , a traditional drop-back passer . And that will present Edmonton 's defence with an additional challenge .
Edmonton 's defence did register five sacks against B.C. , with defensive lineman Kwaku Boateng and linebacker Christophe Mulumba-Tshimanga , both nationals , registering two apiece .
But Toronto ( 0-2 ) finds itself at a crossroads already this season . The defending Grey Cup champions have yet to establish an identity , having struggled to mount any sort of consistency .
And now , they must try to surge ahead without their offensive leader .
The challenge for Toronto defensively will be containing Reilly , who was 22-of-30 passing for 326 yards and three TDs in rallying Edmonton ( 2-1 ) past B.C . 41-22 last week . The Lions led 11-2 heading into the second quarter but were outscored 29-3 over the second and third .
But Reilly was hardly a one-man show . Running back C.J . Gable ran for 165 yards and a TD on 23 carries while D'haquille Williams had six catches for 129 yards and a touchdown as Edmonton 's offence rolled up 517 total yards .
Prediction : Edmonton .
Hamilton Tiger-Cats vs. Saskatchewan Roughriders ( Thursday night )
At Regina , Jeremiah Masoli chases a record-tying ninth straight 300-yard passing effort for Hamilton ( 2-1 ) after throwing for 369 yards and a TD in last week 's 31-17 home win over Winnipeg . Saskatchewan quarterback David Watford replaced Canadian Brandon Bridge to open the second half of last week 's 23-17 home loss to Montreal , but the Roughriders ( 1-2 ) have said they 're going back to Bridge against Hamilton . The Als targeted Duron Carter , who had trouble covering speedy Chris Williams ( three catches 130 yards , TD ) .
Prediction : Hamilton .
Ottawa Redblacks vs. Montreal Alouettes ( Friday night )
At Montreal , the Alouettes ( 1-2 ) look to build off last week 's win over Saskatchewan that snapped their miserable 13-game losing streak . Jeff Mathews was 8-of-12 passing for 98 yards in relief of Drew Willy ( concussion protocol ) . Trevor Harris completed 13-of-29 passes for 135 yards and a pick for Ottawa ( 1-1 ) in last week 's 24-14 road loss to Calgary . William Powell ran for 123 yards while Greg Ellingson had six catches for 97 yards and a TD .
Prediction : Ottawa .
B.C . Lions vs. Winnipeg Blue Bombers ( Saturday night )
At Winnipeg , the Blue Bombers ( 1-2 ) continue to chase their first home win of the season . Rookie Chris Streveler finished 17-of-28 passing for 146 yards and no TDs — for the first time in three starts — last week against Hamilton . Veteran starter Matt Nichols has been removed from the six-game injured list , so they could be back behind centre soon . B.C . ( 1-1 ) started out well enough against Edmonton but could n't make it stick as quarterback Jonathon Jennings finished 13-of-24 passing for 199 yards with an interception while rushing for 34 yards on five carries .
Prediction : Winnipeg .
Last week : 3-1
Overall : 8-4
The firm that commissioned the popular “ Fearless Girl ” statue in New York 's financial district has agreed to pay $ 5 million , mostly to settle claims that it discriminated against 305 top female employees by paying them less than men in the same positions .
In the agreement , officials at the Labor Department also allege that the firm , State Street Corp. , discriminated against 15 of its black vice presidents by paying them less than white employees in the same positions .
State Street , a financial services firm , denies the allegations , according to the agreement . Still , the filing says that the firm has agreed to pay about $ 4.5 million in back pay and about $ 500,000 in interest into a settlement fund for the affected employees .
In a statement on Thursday , the company said that it “ is committed to equal pay practices and evaluates on an ongoing basis our internal processes to be sure our compensation , hiring and promotions programs are nondiscriminatory , ” according to The Associated Press .
Federal officials began their “ evaluation ” of State Street in late 2012 , according to the agreement . They contend that the compensation discrimination dates back to December 2010 .
“ Fearless Girl , ” a bronze statue of a small child , has drawn consistent crowds since it first assumed its defiant stance in the front of the financial district 's well-known “ Charging Bull ” in March .
State Street Global Advisors , a division of State Street Corporation , said that it had installed the statue there on the eve of International Women 's Day in order to celebrate “ the power of women in leadership , and the potential of the next generation of women leaders . ”
Although it had originally been scheduled to be removed in April , officials later decided it would remain until International Women 's Day in March 2018 .
While praised by many , the statue has endured its share of criticism . Arturo Di Modica , the sculptor who created “ Charging Bull , ” has denounced the rival statue as an attack on and an insult to their own . Others have denounced “ Fearless Girl ” as “ corporate feminism ” and a “ marketing coup . ”
As news of the $ 5 million agreement spread Thursday , many Twitter users were quick to assail the company once more , citing what they perceived as hypocrisy .
“ IRONY . The company that erected the ‘ Fearless Girl ' statue pays fine on pay discrimination , re women and blacks , ” wrote one with a photo of the statue under the words “ Fearless girl , Underpaid girl . ”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
By William Muchayi
Retired Air Marshal Perence Shiri , the now Lands and Agriculture Minister stunned their audience recently in Makonde Ward 5 in the Mhangura Constituency as they warned that Zanu PF is like a hyena that can devour its rebellious children . In their own words , ‘ ' Zanu PF yakafanana nebere yekuti ukange waitasva hauburuke nokuti ukaburuka inokudya , ‘ ' implying that once an individual has joined the party they ca n't be a member of opposition without being eliminated .
It is without doubt that this chilling salvo was directed towards none other than Retired Brig Ambrose Mutinhiri and remnants of the vanquished G40 renegades . Indeed , the significance of these threats by Shiri , an individual with a chequered record of violence and brutality can hardly be underestimated .
It is in this context that Hopewell Chin'ono gives a critique of Dr Chipo Dendere 's testimony before the US Congress and without doubt , has concluded that the latter has sold their soul to the devil for thirty pieces of silver .
As Dr Dendere argues , the lifting of sanctions on Zimbabwe needs to be premised on a return to the rule of law as opposed to a unilateral decision divorced from set benchmarks that led to their imposition .
In their own words , Dr Dendere argues , ‘ 'it would be a greater injustice to uplift sanctions ( on Zimbabwe ) before a thorough investigation has been conducted , for , Zimbabwe ca n't have economic growth divorced from addressing human rights issues . ''
It is this stance that has infuriated Hopewell Chin'ono , an individual who has morphed into Amai Jukwa or the Australia based Herald columnist , Reuben Wafawarova in the New Dispensation under the guise of pragmatism .
In Hopewell Chin'ono 's view , sanctions on Zimbabwe need to be unilaterally uplifted by the EU and the US in light of the New Dispensation as they hurt the most vulnerable in society more than their intended targets . In their own words , ‘ ' the law of unintended consequences invariably ends up affecting the very people suffering due to politics of the elites . ''
It is from this premise that Chin'ono questions Dr Chipo Dendere 's intellectual acumen insinuating that they being a Political Science Lecturer , ‘ ' would have had 17 years of sanctions history to examine the impact they have had on the poor and the effectiveness or lack thereof in bringing the political elites to heel . ''
In fact , with due respect , it is regrettable that Hopewell Chin'ono , in spite of their purported sound background in the media fraternity has decided to be a snake oil salesperson in the New Dispensation for reasons best known to himself . It is difficult to understand why Chin'ono appears to imply that Robert Mugabe 's exit from the political stage on its own is a reform in itself for which Harare has to be rewarded with the unilateral uplifting of sanctions .
In contrast , Dr Dendere argues that before sanctions are lifted , the burden is on the military junta to prove to the world that they have changed behaviour in light of the New Dispensation . Indeed , Perence Shiri 's words above do not reflect in any way a born-again convert . In fact , Shiri , Constantino Chiwenga , Engelbert Rugeje let alone Sibusiso Moyo are generals disguised in civilian attire . In light of this clear and flagrant distortion of the facts , one wonders whose trumpet Chin'ono blows .
As Chin'ono argues , sanctions are ineffective in removing an entrenched dictatorship . In their own words , ‘ 'Robert Mugabe was not removed by ZEDERA or the European Union sanctions , it was their comrades in Zanu PF and the military that forced them to go over their succession plans… . ''
In fact , it is surprising that Chin'ono still feeds on the outdated myth that sanctions on Zimbabwe were meant to bring about regime change . In contrast , these punitive measures by the EU and the US were meant to register displeasure in the Mugabe administration for its poor human rights record manifested through vote rigging and the harassment of opposition activists as opposed to regime change . By slapping the regime with these measures , a clear message was sent to the effect that relations between the West and Harare were never to be the same again until there was a return to the rule of law .
In the same way , Chin'ono is well aware that the British government of Theresa May is not all that naïve to be under the illusion that the punitive sanctions it has slapped on Russia in the wake of Sergei Skripal 's poisoning in Salisbury will bring down the Kremlin . No one is all that stupid to exaggerate the effect of sanctions on its intended targets . Rather , these measures are meant to send a clear message of disapproval for a rogue regime 's actions that do not comply with what is viewed as the accepted behaviour by international standards .
By the same token , Putin 's retaliatory measures against the British government are not in any way meant to bring down the Conservative government of Theresa May . Chin'ono is well aware of this fact but for reasons best known to them has decided to be mean with facts . In addition , Chin'ono fails to grasp the impact of sanctions on the elite in Zimbabwe .
The recent denial of UK visas to Mike Bimha ( Industry , Commerce and Enterprise Development Minister ) , Simon Khaya Moyo ( Energy and Power Development Minister ) and others who had planned to attend a key investment conference in London is clear testimony that sanctions hurt if well targeted .
In Shona , it has been an acknowledged truism that mbeva inoteiwa pane mwanza ( a mouse trap is set where mice frequent ) , meaning that what hurt the mafia most is to deny its members the lifestyle associated with their status . In light of this argument , it follows that Robert Mugabe would n't have enrolled Bona at the City University of Hong Kong had it not been for these sanctions .
Paris , London or New York would have been their preferred choice . It also applies to looted funds that used to be hidden in Swiss banks . In the advent of sanctions , who among these thieves still stash their loot in Western banks where in the past it used to be secure ? By freezing the bank accounts of looters , sanctions do hurt the elite as opposed to what Chin'ono believes .
In light of this , who would doubt the effectiveness of sanctions if fellow African countries are prepared to impose sanctions on rogue counterparts ?
Indeed , it is a fact that sanctions do hurt the vulnerable as well along the way , just as chemotherapy damages healthy tissues as it targets cancerous cells . Vulnerable black Africans were affected by sanctions imposed on Ian Smith and the Apartheid regime respectively during the colonial era and on reflection , does Chin'ono object to their imposition in the first place ?
And typical of a Mnangagwa bootlicker , Chin'ono laments the extension of the US sanctions against Zimbabwe since this move has strengthened the hand of hardliners in that administration . In their own words , the extension of sanctions has ‘ ' killed the dream of a diaspora vote which some in Zanu PF were now starting to entertain . ''
Chin'ono , with due respect , who are these reformists in Zanu PF who have been campaigning hard for the diaspora vote to happen and now ‘ ' feel let down by the US government 's action ? '' In contrast , the denial of a diaspora vote to millions of Zimbabweans is a strategic necessity for the survival of the junta as most diasporas fled Mugabe 's misrule aided by Mnangagwa and accomplices in the current administration . It therefore implies that few of these people would vote for Mnangagwa , hence , the reluctance to give the diaspora a vote .
Hopewell Chin'ono is well aware of this fact but for selfish reasons best known to themselves has decided to twist the truth under the guise of pragmatism . And , consistent with their bootlicking , Chin'ono exonerates Emmerson Mnangagwa and Constantino Chiwenga in another piece on the pretext that the two committed atrocities on the orders of Robert Mugabe . In their own words , ‘ ' none of them ( Mnangagwa and Chiwenga ) would have gone on a frolic and detour of their own without Mugabe 's orders , approval and their signature . ''
Oh my God ! This is bootlicking of unprecedented magnitude and for an award winning journalist as Chin'ono extols themselves to be is a shameful . Is Chin'ono not aware of the fact that even today Nazi associates are being pursued for crimes they committed in the 1930s ?
In 2015 , a court in Northern Germany tried a 94 year old Oskar Groening , a former Nazi junior squad leader to four years in prison on 300 000 counts of accessory to murder as the ‘ 'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz . In contrast , up to now Mnangagwa does n't acknowledge their complicity in the numerous atrocities Mugabe committed let alone ask for forgiveness .
Naively , Chin'ono wishes the wronged to embrace the junta in light of the ‘ ' Winds of change or New Dispensation . '' With due respect , where are the winds of change when POSA and AIPPA are still intact and notwithstanding the fact that ZEC ( Zimbabwe Electoral Commission ) is still manned by the junta ? Zimbabwe can only be deemed to be open for business provided they have a free media , free and fair elections , respect for the rule of law , an independent judiciary , adherence to constitutionalism and the prosecution of corrupt government officials .
In light of all this evidence , Chin'ono 's desperate attempt to elevate Mnangagwa to the status of an angel ca n't go unchallenged until the latter undergoes genuine personal transformation and Zimbabweans are ready to forgive them but not now . Indeed , Chin'ono is selling snake oil and let the naïve buy it without being poisoned .
William Muchayi is a pro-democracy campaigner who can be contacted on [ email protected ]
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - A judge in Philadelphia has denied Meek Mill 's request for the removal of another judge from the rapper 's case .
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill in a Wednesday hearing that they do n't have jurisdiction over the matter . They say only the state Supreme Court can decide that .
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill 's release from prison last month where they were serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction .
Mill 's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley removed from their case . They allege she 's been waging a vendetta against the rapper , including sending them to prison for the probation violations .
They have strongly defended their impartiality .
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer .
___
This story has been corrected to show the judge did n't address retrial , only removal of other judge .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
No one was more surprised than Daryl Worley to hear that the cornerback was traded by the Carolina Panthers to the Super Bowl champions in exchange for Eagles wide receiver Torrey Smith .
Check out the video at the top of this story to hear what Worley thinks they bring to the defense and how they found out about the March 9 trade .
Latest list of prospects meeting with Eagles
Below is the press release issued by the Eagles following the acquisition of Worley :
The Philadelphia Eagles have traded wide receiver Torrey Smith o the Carolina Panthers in exchange for third-year cornerback Daryl Worley .
Originally a third-round draft pick ( 77th overall ) of the Panthers in 2016 , Worley appeared in 31 games and made 25 starts for Carolina during their first two NFL seasons , compiling 153 tackles ( 131 solo ) , two sacks , three interceptions and 17 passes defensed .
A native of Philadelphia , Worley attended William Penn Charter School and went on to play collegiately at West Virginia University from 2013-15 . During their Mountaineers career , Worley became a two-time All-Big 12 selection and totaled 146 tackles , 10 interceptions and 21 passes defensed in their 34 career games . In 2015 , they earned first-team All-Big 12 honors after finishing seventh in the country with a team-high six interceptions and a conference-leading 12 passes defensed .
A seven-year veteran , Smith signed with the Eagles as a free agent during the 2017 offseason and helped Philadelphia win a Super Bowl during their lone season with the club . In 2017 , Smith appeared in 19 games ( 17 starts ) , including playoffs , and totaled 49 receptions for 587 yards and three touchdowns . Their 13 postseason receptions ranked third on the team and they caught a 41-yard touchdown on a flea flicker from QB Nick Foles in the NFC Championship Game .
Mike Rosenstein may be reached at mrosenstein @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ rosenstein73 . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
In practice , that means the online form will look different to filers as they fill it in , said Carrie Warick , director for policy and advocacy at the National College Access Network . Specifically , applicants transferring financial information using the retrieval tool can not see the actual tax return data in their online Fafsa .
According to the Education Department , instead of the transferred numbers , “ applicants and parents will see the words ‘ Transferred from the IRS ' in the data entry fields throughout the online Fafsa form . ”
The upside is the data should be more secure ; previously , officials worried that criminals could skim income data from the online forms and use it to file fraudulent tax returns to collect illegal refunds .
The downside is that because students and their families can not see their imported tax data , they ca n't make any changes or corrections to the information . The Education Department , however , said in guidance to financial aid professionals , “ Because the data came directly from the tax return filed by the applicant or parent and because income and tax items can not be updated , we do not expect that there will be a need to make many corrections to these items . ”
If any changes are needed — if , for instance , a family 's income has changed drastically since the tax return was filed — students must contact the financial aid administrator at the college to which they are applying .
Justin Draeger , president and chief executive of the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators , said that while the situation was n't ideal , having masked data was better than not having the retrieval tool at all . That 's because the information transferred from the I.R.S . is generally accurate , they said , and using the tool helps avoid problems that may delay the financial aid process , like the need to provide additional documents to verify income .
“ The tool continues to make the process faster , easier and more accurate , ” said Diane Cheng , associate research director at the Institute for College Access and Success , which offers more information about the changes on its website .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Students and their families should know that financial aid administrators are aware that families may have questions about the form , Mr. Draeger said , and that they are expecting increased calls .
“ They will always do whatever they can , ” they said , “ to help students apply for financial aid . ”
Students and their families should also be aware that after using the retrieval tool , they may receive a letter in the mail from the I.R.S . notifying them that their tax information has been transferred , Ms. Cheng said . Official I.R.S . notices tend to make recipients nervous , they said , but the letters are simply another step to increase security .
This is the second year that students and their families have been able to file the form as early as October , three months earlier than was possible in the past . The start date was moved up as part of a move to give students more time to apply and to have more financial information when making decisions about what college to attend . Nearly 238,000 online applications were submitted on the first day , an increase of 8 percent over a year ago , the Education Department said .
Here are some questions and answers about financial aid and filing the Fafsa :
■ Where do I find the online Fafsa ?
The form is available at a new web address : https : //fafsa.gov .
■ When should I file the Fafsa ?
As soon as you can , to make sure you 're eligible for as much aid as possible . Some states have early aid deadlines , and some distribute aid on a first-come , first-served basis , so filing early is best , Ms. Cheng said . The Education Department lists state deadlines online .
■ Can I use the I.R.S . data retrieval tool if I am filing a Fafsa for the current school year ?
No . The tool is unavailable for anyone still filing a Fafsa for the 2017-18 school year , which ends in June 2018 . Applicants can still file the form online , but they must enter income information manually .
By Tuesday we will be closely watch Tropical Storm Alberto as it moves toward the Great Lakes .
It will not have strong winds , but it is bringing very muggy air and rain chances .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - A Philadelphia man who fell into a sinkhole says they were putting traffic cones around it because they were worried about the safety of children playing outside .
Eugene Clark tells WCAU-TV ( http : //bit.ly/2wJ1NiG ) they were near the sinkhole Saturday night when the asphalt gave way and they tumbled 10 feet ( 3 meters ) into it .
The 58-year-old calls it a `` shocking situation to be in . ''
Clark has injuries to their ankle , wrist and lower back . They say a city firefighter pulled them out about an hour later with their bare hands `` like Hercules . ''
They say the water department recently came out to deal with other issues on the street but never fixed the sinkhole . The department says there appears to be a sewer line leak and they will look at the hole this week .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Zambia suspends 48 MPs who boycotted president 's speech
South African Broadcasting Corporation
Zambia 's parliament on Tuesday suspended 48 opposition lawmakers who boycotted president Edgar Lungu 's address to legislators in March to protest their contested electoral victory . The lawmakers from the United Party for National Development ( UPND ) …
and more »
Them story is told with the honesty of photographs .
“ This is me as a child , ” begins Jodi Krah , 54 . They hold a black-and-white photograph of a girl , themselves at age 8 , balancing in a T-position on white figure skates . They wear a long-sleeved bodysuit and mini-skirt , gloves and a hat trimmed with fur that frames a circle around them face .
“ I was always a chubby kid , ” they say .
Jodi grew up on a farm in Fonthill . The outdoors was their playground . They were always running around with friends , playing tag or hide and seek .
“ We were n't allowed to be in the house , ” they say . “ We played outside . ”
There were chores to do , and animals to feed . In the summer , they played baseball , and in the winter , skated .
“ I was very active , ” they say . “ And I just happened to be a bigger kid . ”
At school , kids teased them Called their names . Once , a boy thought it would be funny to hand them a dog biscuit . At 10 years old , they went on their first diet . Them mother was concerned about their weight , and the grief it was causing them at school .
“ I felt different , because I looked different , ” says Jodi .
The next image they show is a pencil sketch they created in high school . A self portrait . They are sitting behind a table , their eyes cast downwards . Them mother found it on their bedroom dresser . “ It startled her , ” says Jodi .
They tried diet programs , read books and even experimented with hypnosis . They lost weight , but always gained it back .
“ You feel like it 's you , ” they say . “ You did n't try hard enough . You do n't have enough willpower . If you only exercised more , ate less and tried harder … ”
It was a sentiment reinforced by their family doctor .
“ I felt defeated , ” they say .
When they enrolled at Brock University in fine arts , they painted a portrait of themselves naked , sad and big . Classmates knew them as an outgoing , gregarious personality , not as the person they were on the inside . Sad . Unaccepted . And vulnerable .
When they finally presented their artwork to the class , it silenced the room .
“ Why is everyone looking shocked ? ” they asked .
No one replied . Eventually , their teacher spoke : “ It 's the overwhelming sadness . They do n't know what to say . ”
They offer a final photo . “ This is what I looked like , nine years ago , ” they say . Jodi is at their heaviest , a Size 24 . They are holding a birthday cake , a white apron is wrapped around their midsection .
They are about 100 pounds heavier than they are now .
In their lifetime , they have gained and lost hundreds of pounds and spent thousands of dollars on weight-loss strategies .
But what they most wants people to understand , is not how they eventually lost the pounds but the damage that can be caused from living under the weight of fat-shaming .
They participate on the science committee of the Canadian Obesity Network and is part of its public engagement initiative . They also offer their voice as a public speaker .
It 's a passion shared by Dr. Arya Sharma , scientific director of the Canadian Obesity Network .
They do n't mince words . “ Obesity stigma is based on this notion that fat people are lazy , ” they say . “ They 're not motivated . They 're not trying to lose weight .
“ And so it 's their problem . They 're doing it to themselves . Obesity is self-inflicted . It 's your fault . It 's something to be ashamed of . And when you get it , you 've got no one to blame but yourself . ”
Shame and blame can be debilitating .
It causes anxiety and stress . Destroys resilience . And it drains motivation to go out into the world and enjoy life . People live in fear of judgment , they say .
And it does n't work . It changes nothing .
“ If feeling bad about yourself was a good motivator to change , then we would n't have obesity , ” they say .
“ It 's not possible to make them feel worse .
“ They 're already feeling bad . They 're already depressed . They 're already angry at themselves . They already feel like failures . They already feel that they 've done this to themselves . ”
What 's needed is education , they say .
Obesity is not a number on the scale . It 's not a percentage calculation of body fat . It is simply this : an excess of body fat that affects a person 's health , says Sharma , who is also a professor of medicine and chair in obesity research and management at University of Alberta .
In Canada , one in four adults and one in 10 children live with obesity . That 's about six million Canadians , according to the obesity network .
Exactly why a person has excessive body fat is complicated . “ There 's an endless list of factors , ” they say . To peg it solely on how much a person eats and exercises , is to over simplify and play into an uninformed stereotype , they say .
Genetics is a big influence . “ The genetics that determines our body weight is as strong as the genetics that determines our height , ” they say .
Genetics can make people more or less susceptible to weight gain , they say . That 's why a group of people could consume exactly the same number of calories , exactly the same diet , and some will gain weight and some will lose weight .
In fact , it can take surprisingly few extra calories — say 30 calories a day of a recommended 2,000 — to gain a pound or two a year , they say .
Add stress , sleep problems , a genetic predisposition to weight gain , insulin resistance , previous attempts at weight loss , and the complexities of obesity become more clear , they say .
In simple terms , they remind people this : “ The human body is physiology . ”
It can learn to run on less fuel . If given fewer calories , the human body will quickly adapt and run more efficiently , not shed pounds .
“ Your physiology is designed to defend your body fat , ” they say . “ Your body does n't really care how you got to 200 pounds . Once you 're 200 pounds , 200 pounds is the weight that your body defends .
“ It does n't matter what exercises you do . It does n't matter what diet you go on . Any time your body weight falls below 200 , your body is working very hard to get it back to 200 .
“ Which is why every diet ultimately fails . ”
There are many benefits to exercise and physical activity . Just do n't confuse physical fitness , with weight loss . It 's possible to be both fat and fit .
“ There 's no question that physical activity and exercise will improve physical fitness . It 's important for good health , ” they say . “ The problem is , it does very little for body weight regulation . ”
Along with greater education , fat-shaming needs to end , they say .
Earlier this year , the Canadian Obesity Network embarked on a campaign that drew attention to the abundance of unflattering media images used to portray people who live with obesity .
“ You 're not going to see the person who is wearing an Armani suit , ” says Sharma . “ What you 're going to see is the overweight person in the ill-fitting sweatpants and the T-shirt that 's too short , but you just see the mid-line poking out , ” they say .
The fat person usually has a pop can in one hand , a hamburger in the other , often with their head cut out of the photo , to accentuate the belly , they say .
Implicit in the images is moral judgment and blame .
“ We 've got this level of discrimination that goes through the whole system , ” they say . “ And it 's all based on a misunderstanding of obesity . ”
Cclock @ postmedia.com
Where to turn
Canadian Obesity Network . For more information on fat-shaming and obesity , visit www.obesitynetwork.ca
Contact Jodi Krah : Interested in hearing Jodi speak ? Contact them at krah @ obesitynetwork.ca
Seven or eight years ago , when they were starting out , the big hit of the TootArd ( Arabic for strawberries ) band was a song titled ...
( AP Photo/Orlin Wagner ) . Arizona State guard Remy Martin , top , steals the ball from Kansas guard Sviatoslav Mykhailiuk , bottom , during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game in Lawrence , Kan. , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 .
( AP Photo/Orlin Wagner ) . Arizona State guards Remy Martin ( 1 ) and Shannon Evans II ( 11 ) celebrate after a basket during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Kansas in Lawrence , Kan. , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 .
( AP Photo/Laurence Kesterson ) . Villanova head coach Jay Wright talks to guard Jalen Brunson ( 1 ) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against La Salle , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 , in Philadelphia .
By AARON BEARD
AP Basketball Writer
Villanova is the new No . 1 in the AP Top 25 while Arizona State made a big leap after a tumultuous week in which half of the top 10 lost .
The Wildcats ( 10-0 ) were fourth but earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State , which earned 19 first-place votes to climb from third to second . They were the favorites to take over at the top following unanimous No . 1 Duke 's weekend loss at Boston College .
Wichita State climbed three spots to No . 3 , followed by Duke and Arizona State . The Sun Devils ( 9-0 ) jumped 11 spots and earned the other five first-place votes after winning at then-No . 2 Kansas to extend their best start since the 1974-75 season .
The Jayhawks fell to No . 13 after two losses .
___
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
( AP Photo/Gregory Bull ) . A plane drops fire retardant on a wildfire Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 , in Fallbrook , Calif . The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California .
( AP Photo/Gregory Bull ) . Fire crews search for hot spots among destroyed homes in the Rancho Monserate Country Club community Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 , in Fallbrook , Calif . The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed do ...
( AP Photo/Gregory Bull ) . Dick Marsala looks through debris from their destroyed home after a wildfire roared through the Rancho Monserate Country Club Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 , in Bonsall , Calif . The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuat ...
( Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP ) . In this early morning Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department , firefighters working on structure protection , keep a close eye on nearby flames atop Shepard ...
( AP Photo/Noah Berger ) . Firefighters light backfire while trying to keep a wildfire from jumping Santa Ana Rd . near Ventura , Calif. , on Saturday , Dec. 9 , 2017 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - The Latest on California wildfires ( all times local ) :
1:20 p.m .
President Donald Trump has received a lunchtime briefing on the government 's response to wildfires in California .
White House spokesperson Lindsay Walters says Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue also briefed Trump and Vice President Mike Pence on a wildfire prevention roundtable they participated on Monday .
Trump has declared a state of emergency in the state and ordered federal agencies to help with the efforts .
Walters says the White House `` continues to closely monitor the situation '' and is urging `` anyone ordered to evacuate during a wildfire , do so immediately and listen to your local and state officials . ''
They also say the White House `` extends its thoughts and prayers '' to everyone affected by the fires that have been tearing through Southern California .
___
10:50 a.m .
Authorities have issued new alerts about unhealthy air from smoke and ash sent up by a growing Southern California wildfire .
Richard Sanchez , a manager at Jeannine 's American Bakery Restaurant in the foothill enclave of Montecito , says customers are coming in Monday wearing masks . They say smoke is so thick that visibility is down to a few feet and a layer of ash is coating the streets .
Regulators are warning people in parts of Santa Barbara , Ventura and Los Angeles counties to stay indoors , avoid vigorous outdoor activities and not do anything to stir up ash .
Even residents of Montecito and neighboring Carpinteria who are n't under evacuation orders have opted to leave because of the thick blanket of smoke .
___
7:45 a.m .
A growing Southern California wildfire is threatening the wealthy seaside enclave of Montecito , where celebrities have evacuated estates perched on hillsides below heavy flames .
Smoke shrouded Rob Lowe 's home and the actor wore a mask as they livestreamed their family leaving on Sunday . Lowe thanked fans on Instagram for their thoughts and expressed gratitude for firefighters , saying `` we need you ! ''
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres said on Twitter that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety . They said they were proud to be a part of the small , exclusive community in Santa Barbara County northwest of Los Angeles .
Retired tennis star Jimmy Connors tweeted that their property was in danger .
Many residents of Montecito and neighboring Carpinteria not under evacuation orders have opted to leave because of heavy smoke and ash blowing through .
___
5:30 a.m .
Crews aided by calm overnight winds kept a wall of flames from descending from mountains into coastal towns after a huge Southern California wildfire exploded in size over the weekend .
Thousands remain under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churns west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito , Santa Barbara County seaside towns about 75 miles ( 120 kilometers ) northwest of Los Angeles . Much of the fire 's new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest .
The fire , which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings , burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday . It 's just 10 percent contained after burning nearly 360 square miles ( 930 square kilometers ) .
Officials say the blaze , which broke out a week ago in neighboring Ventura County , is now the 5th largest in California history .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Still , the idea of having a device inserted may cause anxiety for some teen girls , and Di Meglio concedes the procedure can initially be somewhat uncomfortable .
`` You get a few pretty intense cramps , but nothing more than you would have with a really bad period , '' they said . `` It subsides pretty quickly and then for the next few days , you might have a few cramps on and off . ''
Di Meglio said a girl can get an IUD or IUS any time after getting their first period and ideally prior to becoming sexually active . By age 17 , about half of Canadian youth are having sex , the CPS says .
`` We 're not recommending that this be used the minute the kid has their first period , but there are certain benefits in using the hormonal IUS — one of them being that it can reduce the amount of bleeding or also reduce cramping a lot , '' they said .
`` We have even used it for that reason instead of for contraception in kids who have not even had sex . ''
Andrew Townsend of Planned Parenthood Toronto welcomed the CPS recommendation , saying the clinic gets a lot of questions from young people who `` still view the pill as the first kind of birth control that they should start on or that they have to start on .
`` Something like IUDs being a recommended option is great because different people have different needs , '' they said , adding that a growing number of clients being seen in the clinic are opting for the implanted devices . The program provides information and health-care services to those aged 13 to 29 .
While intrauterine contraception may be the most effective means of preventing unplanned pregnancy , the up-front costs of the devices are high compared with the pill and other methods , said Di Meglio .
One hormone-releasing IUS that lasts five year costs the Quebec government 's prescription plan about $ 325 , while copper-based IUDs run from about $ 60 to $ 100 , they said . For those not covered under private insurance , the provincial plan covers 65 per cent of the cost of birth control pills and IUDs .
Coverage by public insurance plans varies across the country . In Ontario , for instance , long-acting reversible contraceptives are fully covered for women under age 25 , along with the physician 's fee for implanting one of the devices .
Di Meglio said that over time , IUDs and IUSs are actually more cost-effective than most other birth-control methods because of how long they last before needing to be replaced .
The CPS statement also recommends that practitioners adopt a collaborative approach that empowers youth to make informed decisions about their birth control options , weighing the benefits , risks , side-effects and suitability of each method based on individual preference .
`` At the end of the day , we just want to facilitate whatever contraceptive they choose , '' Di Meglio said .
— Follow @ SherylUbelacker on Twitter .
By Sheryl Ubelacker , The Canadian Press
'Game of Thrones ' , starring Kit Harington , is the most pirated show in TV history ( AFP Photo/Neilson Barnard )
Mumbai ( AFP ) - Four people have been arrested in India for leaking an episode from HBO 's `` Game of Thrones '' television series before it was aired in the country , police said Monday .
Already the most pirated show in TV history , the popular fantasy drama -- which tells the story of noble families vying for the Iron Throne -- has been plagued by leaks in recent weeks following the premiere of the seventh season .
After receiving a complaint for a company `` we investigated the case and have arrested four individuals for unauthorised publication of the fourth episode from season seven , '' Deputy Commissioner of Police Akbar Pathan told AFP .
They said the four -- accused of criminal breach of trust and computer-related offences -- would be detained until August 21 amid an investigation .
The case was filed by a Mumbai-based company responsible for storing and processing the TV episodes for an app , local media said .
The four arrested were company employees who possessed official credentials giving them access to the episodes , the reports added .
Game of Thrones has more Emmy Awards than any narrative show in history and airs in 170 countries , with viewership figures shattering records across the world .
As well as being a hit globally , it has a massive fan base in South Asia .
Showrunners David Benioff and D.B . Weiss last year announced the shortened run of seven and six episodes for the final two seasons and confirmed the summer return for season seven , a departure from the usual April premieres .
The show has been teasing winter 's arrival since its pilot episode in 2011 , and in the latest episode preview `` Death Is The Enemy '' has finally moved closer to showcasing a battle between a horde of undead `` White Walkers '' from the frozen North and a troop of warriors led by hero Jon Snow ( Kit Harington ) .
LAS VEGAS — A month after speaking at the March for Our Lives in their hometown of Austin , Texas , Matthew McConaughey says they support some gun control but fears the youth-led movement could be “ hijacked ” by those hoping to eliminate all guns in the United States .
McConaughey spoke about their support for the marchers on Monday in Las Vegas , where they were promoting their upcoming film , “ White Boy Rick , ” at the CinemaCon theatre-owners convention .
They called gun violence “ an epidemic in our country . ”
“ I 've got a lot of friends who are gun owners . I 've got a lot of friends who are NRA ( National Rifle Association ) . I grew up hunting . We had responsible gun ownership , but I was taught the right way to respect that tool , ” they said . “ At the same time , their petition that they were speaking about is a very good one . And I also fear that their campaign — they have to watch that they do n't get hijacked . Meaning , a lot of the crowd was for no guns at all . That was not the march for life . March for Our Lives was for rightful , just , responsible gun ownership — but against assault rifles , against unlimited magazines and for following up on the regulations . ”
The 48-year-old Oscar winner said they hoped to find room for agreement between anti-gun activists and the NRA .
“ The two sides ( have ) got to talk . Because we both agree that there 's an epidemic . We both agree something has got to change . So I was for what they were marching for , and I wanted to speak to my hometown on the capital of my state Texas ' steps . And also talk to the many men and women who I grew up with , I know that had the guns , that owned the guns , and say hey , do we really , where can we reach across the aisle here ? Find a compromise for the betterment of all of us ? ”
McConaughey plays the father of a teenager who becomes a drug dealer and an FBI informant in “ White Boy Rick , ” based on a true story . It 's set for a September release in theatres .
BOOM ! Trump Interrupts NYE Party To Make Israel Announcement- Now Netanyahu RESPONDS !
Everyone knows that Obama has backstabbed Israel , and America for that matter…and not many are very happy about it . Right before Christmas they and their ego decided to insult our allies by throwing them under the bus . It is just wrong .
It 's as if they just had to get in one final insult to a nation that is supposed to be our ally , and a nation that they have betrayed many times before during their 8 years in the White House .
Coward .
With Trump preparing to enter the White House and restore balance to this country they have criticized Obama 's anti-Israel moves and is not going back down when it comes to showing Obama what they have done is wrong .
In fact , Trump is so serious about theirs that they addressed this issue at their very own NYE 's event this past weekend .
It was an impromptu news conference down at their Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida and that is where the President-elect and their family were celebrating the New Year .
They were asked by a reporter if they felt “ like president Obama has been trying to undermine you at all in some of the last-minute actions he 's taken ? ”
Their response is one you do n't want to miss .
“ I spoke to them yesterday . He 's been very nice on the phone . We have a very good relationship , ” Trump began .
“ Look , we have to protect Israel . Israel to me is very , very important . We have to protect Israel . And I disagree with what he 's done there . I listened to Secretary Kerry 's speech , I think it 's very unfair to Israel what happened , ” they continued .
It was not long after this response that Israeli Prime Minister , Benjamin Natanyahu offered their thankfulness for Trump 's words and acknowledgement .
Netanyahu tweeted “ Thanks for your support , President-elect Trump ! ” in both Hebrew and English , combined with the flags of the United States and Israel .
Given that this came a little less than a week after one of the most divisive moments in the recent relationship between Israel and the United States , it was a major development . Netanyahu had already been critical of the Obama administration 's failure to veto a resolution that condemned the Jewish state for its settler activity in East Jerusalem and the West Bank . According to the Economic Times , they called Kerry 's speech on the matter — in which the secretary of state accused Israel of jettisoning the two-state solution — a “ great disappointment . ”
“ For a full hour , the secretary of state attacked the only democracy in the Middle East , ” Netanyahu said .
All I have to say is… 18 more days !
Lesions of lichen crust stone rain these fields . I lie in a hollow , a shallow scrape of earth bedded in clover and buttercups and the hill holds me still . Cow bells , chainsaws , dogs barking , church bells dawdle on the warm breeze . A pair of orange butterflies tumble . I hold in my hand a piece of lead glazed pot , turned green in the firing . A cuckoo calls my name .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
More
Email
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Notes on city council happenings …
New homes goal for soccer field
A new subdivision will be created in east St. Catharines on Berkley Drive .
Council approved a draft plan for 30 detached dwellings fronting a new public road west of E.I . McCulley Public School .
The 1.6 -hectare site was formerly owned by Niagara Catholic District School Board and contained soccer fields used in conjunction with Berkley Park to the south .
St. George 's Coun . Sal Sorrento said it 's desperately needed housing in the city .
A concern for the number of soccer fields being lost to developments in St. Catharines was raised by Grantham Coun . Bill Phillips .
“ Are we going to be in a deficit as far as soccer fields are concerned in the city ? ”
Acting director of parks , recreation and culture services Phil Cristi said at least one soccer field would be affected by the Berkley Drive development .
But Mayor Walter Sendzik said two soccer fields were added to the complement recently when Catherine Street Park was rehabilitated by the city and at the former Queen Mary Public School , which they said has a functioning soccer field .
City on board with inter-municipal transit
St. Catharines city council once again supported a plan for regional transit .
Councillors consented to a bylaw to provide Niagara Region with the non-exclusive authority to establish , operate and maintain an inter-municipal passenger transportation system .
Council had already unanimously endorsed the principle of a consolidated transit system with Niagara Falls and Welland at a special council meeting on Feb. 22 .
Regional council voted to endorse in principle the consolidated creation on March 23 and adopted a bill to establish , operate and maintain it . But the idea must be passed in a triple majority process before the bill can come into effect on June 1 .
That means the majority of regional council must pass it along with the majority of the region 's 12 municipal councils , representing the majority of Niagara 's population .
Club scores baseball parking
Visitors to the Grantham Optimist Club 's youth baseball opening and closing weekends will be allowed to park on Linwell Road , despite a city staff recommendation against it .
Council approved the club 's request to temporarily waive parking restrictions on the south side of Linwell Road between Lake and Geneva Streets during the May 27-28 and Aug. 26-27 weekends .
The temporary parking exemption will continue for opening and closing baseball season weekends for another five years .
Grantham Optimist Club president Don Walker told council that more than 400 boys and girls between ages four and 18 participate in Optimist 's baseball season .
Traditionally the two-day opening and closing weekends attract more spectators than the parking lot allows , they said .
Parents , grandparents and numerous guests arrive and leave at various times in the day . Walker said the club was concerned if council did n't waive the parking restriction , visitors will park illegally and annoy neighbours on adjoining side streets .
City staff had recommended council deny the request because parking is restricted on roads with bicycle lanes .
But Grantham Coun . Bill Phillips said allowing people to park on the south side of Linwell means not as many people will be dodging cars crossing Linwell Road . Phillips said it 's only two weekends during the year and will help out an organization that contributes tremendously to the community .
Mixed use building gets mixed reviews
A proposal to permit the construction of a mixed-use commercial and residential building on Martindale Road near Grapeview Drive was pushed to another meeting .
Council asked staff to explore a compromise between the applicant and neighbours who oppose a zoning change to allow a commercial build .
The proposal is for 700 square metres of ground floor commercial space and 700 square metres of second floor residential space . That requires a change in zoning from low density residential to local convenience commercial .
Applicant agent Chris Millar told council the applicant has provided concessions for six of the seven resident requests .
But St. Patrick 's Coun . Mat Siscoe said they could n't support the staff recommendation to change the zoning because the expectation for residents was the land would remain residential .
“ They purchased their homes with the understanding that this was going to be a residential development if ever it was redeveloped . ”
But St. George 's Coun . Sal Sorrento said the property is surrounded by commercial buildings . “ We 're trying to encourage people to invest in our community commercially , residentially and I 'm getting the sense we 're putting up barriers . ”
The issue will come back to council on May 8 .
Condos proposed near creek
A draft plan for 14 condominiums on Lakeshore Road was presented to council .
The proposed neighbourhood at 168 and 170 Lakeshore RD . consists of 10 townhouses and two semi-detached dwellings on a private road with visitor parking . Spring Garden Creek traverses the site along the west boundary . The plan calls for a dozen spruce trees to be moved onto lands owned by the city down the slope .
City planner Aaron Butler said the 14 proposed units are at the low-end of density allowed in official plan for the property .
Council will vote on a zoning bylaw amendment for the plan on April 24 .
kwalter @ postmedia.com
Follow @ karena_standard
HARRISBURG , Pa. — Amish men lead muscular horses across a concrete threshold , their straw hats only as high as the beasts ' shoulders , the clip-clop of huge hooves echoing loudly .
Nearby , a black stallion glistens as a boy in suspenders washes it with a garden hose . An auctioneer holds court in a sea of bridles , bits and buckets . Bay doors open and snow blows in as harness horses clamber into holding stalls .
At the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex , at the nation 's first major horse auction of the year , the activity bustles along like a well-oiled buggy .
Amish from all over the country come here to buy and sell their massive draft horses and magnificent harness horses . It also draws non-Amish horse fans , lured by the “ Cadillac ” quality of the animals , and vendors of everything from saddles to buggies to custom-made harnesses .
The public auction was held this year Jan. 16 and 17 . It 's actually three sales rolled into one , offering draft horses for use in the fields , harness horses and a separate Morgan horse sale .
The first day is all about presentation , with sellers hitching up their animals and taking them for a spin around the dirt-floored arena . It gives potential buyers a sense of how the horse moves and its demeanour as the announcer describes its family heritage .
About 85 per cent of the buyers and sellers are Amish , said Dale Stoltzfus , an organizer of the sale .
On the first day , potential buyers in traditional straw hats chatted in Pennsylvania Dutch as they took notes in the 200-page guide that listed horses . Buyers could sleep on it and come back for the auction the next day ready to bid .
About 500 horses were up for sale this year , Stoltzfus said , and the crowd was estimated at about 10,000 people . On one side of the complex was a live auction of farm and horse equipment ; in the centre were vendor stalls selling everything an Amish farmer could need : wagons and buggies ; barn construction ; blacksmithing and horseshoeing services ; handcrafted harnesses , saddles , bits and blankets ; and whoopie pies , cream-filled doughnuts , milkshakes and soft pretzels .
Included in the audience at the draft horse presentation was Shelley Thorne-Le Blanc , the co-owner of Butternut Ridge Belgians in New Brunswick , Canada .
They drove over 13 hours to Harrisburg with a group of Canadians who show Belgians at fairs around Canada and in the U.S .
“ It 's worth the drive for us , ” they say . “ The quality of horses is good . ”
They were filming horses that sparked their interest and said they would compare their thoughts with their husband 's later that night .
“ We look for the diamonds in the rough , ” they said “ We do n't mind something that takes a little bit of work . We enjoy the challenge of getting a horse going . ”
There was a lot of audience excitement about No . 95 , named Eastview Thunder , but in the end the horse was a no-sale because the bids were too low and the owner refused .
The highest price paid at the sale was for a draft horse by the name of Watersedge Flash Impressive , which sold for $ 25,000 to a family in Maine , Stoltzfus said . They 'll use them as a show horse , rather than plowing fields or pulling farm equipment .
Stolzfus said they have learned you can never predict which horses will bring the big money .
“ It 's the whims of the buyers that determine what happens , ” they said .
Shannon Crabb , co-owner of Maple Creek Belgians , in Ottawa , Ontario , agreed .
“ It only takes two people to fall in love with the same horse to make the price go up , ” they said .
Filmmaker Remo D'Souza on Saturday announced that its a wrap for the Mumbai shoot of the third installment of the Race franchise titled Race 3 which features Salman Khan , Jacqueline Fernandez , Bobby Deol , Saqib Saleem , Daisy Shah and Anil Kapoor in prominent roles .
Salman Khan 's forthcoming film Race 3 , which is being helmed by Remo D'Souza , is one of the most anticipated movies on this year . The film was announced in November and now Remo D'Souza on Saturday took to micro-blogging site Twitter to announce that Mumbai shoot for the film has wrapped up . They posted a picture of Salman Khan along with Jacqueline Fernandez and wrote , “ It 's a wrap # mumbaischedule . # race3 . # racetofinish. ” The film also stars Bobby Deol , Saqib Saleem , Daisy Shah and Anil Kapoor in prominent roles .
While the first installment , directed by Abbas-Mastan , featuring Saif Ali Khan , Akshaye Khanna , Katrina Kaif and Bipasha Basu garnered positive reviews , Race 2 , starring Saif Ali Khan , John Abraham , Jacqueline Fernandez and Deepika Padukone performed average at the box office . Now , with a new director on board and with an ensemble star cast including Salman , Jacqueline Fernandez , Saqib Saleem , Bobby Deol , Freddy Daruwala and Daisy Shah , it would be interesting to see what will come out on the silver screen on Eid in 2018 .
Race 3 is produced by Tips Films & Salman Khan films . It is a sequel to the 2013 film Race 2 and the third installment of Race film series . The first two editions starring Saif Ali Khan in the lead were directed by Abbas – Mustan . Race 3 happens to be Salman 's first association with the Race franchise . Salman 's leading lady from Kick—Jacqueline Fernandez , who was a part of the previous film Race 2 , is back with the megastar for this film . Besides Jacqueline , Daisy Shah and Saqib Saleem too are a part of this much-awaited action-thriller .
Nigeria 's WeCyclers Bags Grand Prize in Le Monda Smart-Cities 2017 Global Innovation Awards
We love success stories ! Earlier this month , Nigerian social enterprise WeCyclers was crowned Grand Prize winner of the Le Monde Smart-Cities 2017 Innovation Awards . Wecyclers aims to improve the collection of domestic waste in Nigeria , using customized tricycles , adapted for the transport and collection of domestic waste and a system of confirmation of transactions by SMS . [ … ]
The post Nigeria 's WeCyclers Bags Grand Prize in Le Monda Smart-Cities 2017 Global Innovation Awards appeared first on BellaNaija .
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Red Bull Formula 1 driver Max Verstappen has apologised for any offence they may have caused by making a joke about Brazilians during the Bahrain Grand Prix weekend ...
A Donald Trump supporter had every right to brandish a profane protest sign in a busy public park on a summer 's day at Niagara Falls , Ontario 's top court ruled on Monday .
In quashing a trespass notice issued to Fredrick Bracken , the Court of Appeal said the ability to protest publicly — even using vulgar language — is an essential part of the democratic process .
“ In a free society , individuals are permitted to use open public spaces to address the people assembled there , to challenge each other , and to call government to account , ” the Appeal Court said . “ The idea that the parks are somehow different — that they are categorically a ‘ safe space ' where people are to be protected from exposure to political messages — is antithetical to a free and democratic society and would set a dangerous precedent . ”
At the same time , the court upheld the constitutionality of a rule barring park users from abusive behaviour that could interfere with the enjoyment of other users . The provision , the court found , was a reasonable restriction on free speech .
The case arose in August 2016 in the run-up to the presidential election in the United States . Bracken , of Fort Erie , Ont. , was in a park near the falls holding up a sign reading : “ Trump is right . F—k China . F—k Mexico . ”
Niagara Parks police decided the sign was offensive and disturbing visitors . Officers told Bracken they could not display the sign and told them to leave .
A couple of days later , Bracken went to the Parks police headquarters , where they were told that if they returned to the park with the sign , they would be removed under trespassing laws .
They turned to the courts , seeking a declaration that parks rules prohibiting “ abusive or insulting language ” that interferes with other park users was unconstitutional , and that the oral trespass notice police gave them had violated their free speech rights .
In September 2016 , Superior Court Justice James Ramsay ruled that constitutionally guaranteed freedom of expression does not apply to shouting insulting or abusive language in parks . However , Ramsay declined to rule on the validity of the oral trespass notice because they were not satisfied police had actually issued such a notice .
Bracken turned to the Court of Appeal , which decided Ramsay was mistaken to conclude that park rules did not infringe on free speech . The judge was also wrong in deciding police had not issued a trespass notice so there was nothing to quash , the Appeal Court found .
For their part , Niagara Parks police and Niagara Parks Commission tried to argue that the parks are intended to be a place of refuge where users can experience natural beauty without the distraction of potentially divisive expression . However , the higher court found the plaza where Bracken was protesting was a busy , partly commercial area where neither quiet nor an absence of distraction was possible .
At the same time , the court upheld the law itself on the grounds that it aims to prevent individuals and groups from using public spaces in a way that makes them unfit for others to use . When the line is crossed must be decided on a case-by-case basis and , the Appeal Court said , Bracken in no way went too far .
“ The public is not required to endure personalized invective , but nothing in the sign 's message could be characterized in this way , ” the Appeal Court said . “ The display of the sign , despite its profanity , did not constitute the use of insulting or abusive language . ”
In November 2016 , Niagara police arrested Bracken , then 39 , during a similar protest at Brock University , according to the student paper Brock News . They were charged with assaulting a student and making offensive racial comments .
Colin Perkel , The Canadian Press
Hiplife heavyweight , Sarkodie , has been threatened with a legal suit over sections of a song they were featured in , titled ‘ Jennifer Lomotey ' .
According to the Kloma Hengme Association , a line in the song attributed to Sarkodie translates as “ A noble Krobo lady with beads around their waist who has been cursed by Okomfo Anokye with promiscuity ” is discriminatory and demeans the people of Krobo .
“ This [ lyric ] is founded on a myth and in this case , this myth is created to cast aspersions on the Krobo people . They are therefore prejudiced and discriminatory , contrary to Article 17 ( 2 ) of the Constitution of the Republic of Ghana which provides that “ [ a ] person shall not be discriminated against on grounds of [ … ] ethnic origin [ … ] ” , the group said in a letter serving notice about the possible suit .
Writing on behalf of the Krobo heritage and advocacy group , Lawyer , Kwadkwo Apiegyei-Atua , is asking Sarkodie to implement six reliefs – one of which is the payment of GH¢2,000,000 to the people of Krobo – or prepare to meet them in court .
The song was produced by David Kojo Kyei ( aka Kaywa ) and Joy News sources say they have received the notice on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 .
Click the link below to listen to the contentious lyrics ( in Twi ) from 2:45s onwards .
The demands by the group that describes itself as “ a Krobo heritage and advocacy group whose mission is to project Krobo values as the basis to promote the development of the Krobo people ” is for hiplife artiste to do the following :
1 . Issue an immediate order to the relevant media houses asking them to halt playing the “ Jennifer Lomotey ” song on their airwaves ;
2 . Expunge or cause to be expunged the portion of the lyrics which my clients find offensive and defamatory or completely ban the use of that song from the airwaves ;
3 . Expunge or cause to be expunged all audio and video clips of the song which are found on various social media platforms that are registered in your name ;
4 . Write an unreserved apology to the Chiefs and people of the Krobo Traditional Area , including a statement to the effect that such an offensive act will not be repeated against the Krobo people ;
5 . Make a statement to the general public advising them to desist from transferring or sharing the song which contains the offensive lyrics with anybody else ; and ,
6 . For denting the image of the Krobo people and dragging their hardearned reputation in the mud , pay a compensation of two million Ghana cedis ( GHS2 , 000,000 ) to the Krobo people .
Lawyers for the group say failure by Sarkodie to respond to the demands within from Wednesday June 14 result in legal action .
Millions of people across the United States celebrated on February 9 when an appeals court blocked Donald Trump 's efforts to reinstate their ban on immigrants and refugees from seven predominantly Muslim countries . This was an important victory for our movement and the more than 100,000 people who marched , protested , and shut down airports to win the release of immigrants detained under Trump 's bigoted executive order .
But the fight against this right wing administration has only just begun . Further attacks on Muslims , immigrants , women , LGBTQ people , the environment , unions , and workers are already under way and are sure to intensify . We must use this as an opportunity to take a serious look at how the airport struggles were won , what worked well , and what are the lessons for our movement going forward . Doing this will help us prepare for the even bigger challenges to come . Ultimately our goal must be to build a mass movement powerful enough to defeat Trump and the Billionaire Class , and fight boldly beyond that for positive change for the 99 % .
Airport victories are proof Trump can be defeated
As Trump barrels along with one horrifying executive order after another , and as each of their right wing cabinet picks wins Senate confirmation , it might be easy to forget how our movement was able to deliver Trump their first decisive blow just one week into their administration . Building off the nationwide Inauguration Day protests and massive Women 's Marches , our movement responded in a matter of hours to Trump 's Muslim ban , winning immediate victories as immigrants in many airports were released and a judge temporarily blocked Trump 's order in response to the protests .
Like in other cities , the Seattle occupation was pulled together mostly over social media , as word rapidly spread that immigrants were being detained at Seatac airport . In just a matter of hours , the occupation swelled from about 200 people at 6:00 PM to over 5,000 at its peak around 8:30 PM , with people looking to fight Trump 's ban and win the release of immigrant detainees .
The SeaTac occupation shows how people are being radicalized in the Trump era
If the sheer magnitude of the Women 's Marches on January 21 demonstrated that millions of people are now willing to take to the streets against this dangerous administration , the SeaTac occupation showed that many are also now open to going beyond purely symbolic protest and to take part in mass nonviolent civil disobedience .
People are quickly realizing that we ca n't defend ourselves against Trump and the right wing without determined struggle . To achieve their goal , thousands were willing to sit down and block airport security checkpoints , lock arms with others in struggle , and face possible arrest and repression from the police . Just a few months ago , this would have been unthinkable !
This rapid process of political development raises the possibility of a sustained mass movement and even more powerful mass struggle in the period to come .
The SeaTac occupation showed the importance of bold tactics and leadership
While thousands came out to SeaTac spontaneously on January 28 to protest Trump 's Muslim ban and demand the release of the immigrant detainees , the initiation and organizing of mass non-violent civil disobedience at the airport was led primarily by Socialist Alternative members and Seattle City Councilmember Kshama Sawant .
A few minutes before 6 PM , Kshama spoke to an initial rally of several hundred people , and called for mass nonviolent civil disobedience while putting forward basic demands for the movement like “ Release all detainees , ” “ Reverse the Muslim ban , ” and “ Not one more deportation . ”
The growth of the airport protests was temporarily delayed by the actions of Port of Seattle police to shut down the light rail system with the intent of preventing more protesters from arriving . This showed how the political establishment is far from neutral , and has no concerns itself with causing disruption in defense of its interests .
But after light rail was restored and people flooded into Seatac the size of the protest swelled to several thousand . Kshama , Socialist Alternative members and other activists led a spirited march through the airport , chanting “ Set them free ! Set them free ! ” and “ No ban ! No wall ! Donald Trump has got to fall ! ” We distributed hundreds of placards , signs , and pickets , and organized a mass rally at the far end of the airport , so activists and community leaders could have a platform to talk about their experiences , discuss next steps , and build confidence in our ability to struggle and defeat Trump and their Muslim ban .
At 7:30 PM , Kshama and Socialist Alternative led the growing march to a nearby security checkpoint where we initiated mass civil disobedience for the first time . We had gauged that there was a mood to take decisive action with the growing outrage against the holding of immigrant detainees .
But it was not automatic . While the energy was incredibly high , many protesters had never engaged in civil disobedience before and needed to be convinced that was the right thing to do . We won over dozens , sometimes hundreds of people at a time by letting them know that other airport protests had used civil disobedience to win detainees ' release in New York and Chicago . We explained that Kshama was attempting to negotiate with the Port of Seattle , and that our best hope of winning the SeaTac detainees ' release was to not allow business as usual to continue at the airport . We made a concerted effort to be clear with people about the risks that went along with civil disobedience , but also explained that it would be harder for police to arrest or repress us as long as we had thousands of people , and we were organized , disciplined , and peaceful in our direct action .
There were also logistical challenges , with multiple checkpoints each needing to be peacefully shut down in order to maintain a blockade . Socialist Alternative members , along with other activists , led groups to different security checkpoints to sit down and stop passage to and from flights . This involved identifying locations where police were directing passengers past our blockade , making sure there were enough protesters at each checkpoint , and giving information and direction to large groups of people . We explained the need to move forward , get as close as possible to the people nearby , sit down , and lock arms to increase the likelihood that we would be strong enough to block the checkpoints .
Debates in our movement
On the whole , the SeaTac action on January 28 was a huge success . All those who participated became part of a real life local and national mass movement to deliver Trump 's bigoted agenda its first serious blow , providing a live example of how we can defend ourselves against future attacks . Thousands of people got their first experience with civil disobedience , and dozens stepped up to play leadership roles in helping to organize it .
At the same time , some activists left the action feeling confused , conflicted , or even angry about Socialist Alternative and Kshama Sawant 's decision to call for an organized withdrawal of our mass civil disobedience action at 10 PM .
We should have open discussion and healthy debate when these kinds of questions arise in our movement , and if mistakes do take place we should try to learn from them . Was it correct for Socialist Alternative to call for an orderly withdrawal as the action was losing strength , or should we have advocated to stay all night ? Should Socialist Alternative have remained quiet and not openly advocated its position , even though we had initiated the civil disobedience ? Was the announcement made too early ?
Our movement is just beginning to grapple with questions about how we can most effectively defend ourselves against Trump 's attacks , how we can build a powerful mass movement , and where and how civil disobedience fits into that process .
These debates will be essential in preparing us for future struggles .
Why Socialist Alternative called for an organized withdrawal rather than all night occupation
Socialist Alternative feels that the massive size of the spontaneous protest and people 's willingness to fight made it absolutely correct to call for and organize mass nonviolent civil disobedience at Seatac .
And our protests worked ! We celebrated a partial but important victory when we got word that the two immigrant detainees at SeaTac had been granted legal representation . This meant they could no longer be summarily deported without some form of due process .
Yet the mass character of the action was changing as the night progressed , including the balance of forces between protesters and police . The occupation reached its peak at around 8:30 PM , after which the number of protesters began to decline , at first slowly then rapidly . By 10 PM , Socialist Alternative 's estimation was that there was no prospect that a mass occupation of many hundreds of people ( much fewer thousands ) could be maintained all night long . As the protesters became fewer we would increasingly face arrests , pepper spray , shoving of bicycles , and other aggressive tactics by police .
Physical showdowns between police and small groups of protesters are different than mass civil disobedience action by thousands of people . They are different in terms of their effectiveness , but also in terms of the takeaway experience of those who participate , and in how positively they are perceived by the broader working class . Ruling classes are well aware of this , and that is why police and government officials tend to exercise much more caution with large and disciplined civil disobedience actions , while often moving aggressively , and sometimes violently , against direct action carried out by small , isolated groups .
In reality , by the time of our announcement we had too few people to hold all the checkpoints and our blockade was increasingly being bypassed .
Because Socialist Alternative took the political responsibility of initiating the mass civil disobedience at Seatac , we feel we also had a responsibility to take a position regarding the action 's decline and the increased dangers of police aggression and arrests . We feel that either calling for an ineffective all-night occupation or quietly walking away would have been irresponsible .
Staying all night could also have pushed new people back into the arms of the Democratic establishment , who are only too happy to give radical sounding speeches while channeling these movements into “ acceptable ” yet totally ineffectual avenues to resist attacks from Trump .
Few people came out to Seatac that night expecting to engage in mass civil disobedience , block security checkpoints , and stand face to face with police prepared to begin pepper spraying them and carrying out arrests . The fact that thousands of people ended up doing this anyway was courageous , and an important step forward for the movement .
For all of these reasons , Socialist Alternative and Kshama made the decision to announce the movement 's success of winning legal counsel for detainees and at the same time to advocate for an organized withdrawal , while our numbers were still significant and our energy high . We also announced that a mass rally against the Muslim ban would be taking place at Seattle 's Westlake Park the following day and called on people to join it . The Westlake protest ended up attracting approximately 15,000 people , one of the largest and most dynamic in recent Seattle history .
Yet it may be true , as some have argued , that it would have been better to call for withdrawal at Seatac an hour or so later than Socialist Alternative did . By that time it may have been better understood that we did not have sufficient numbers to continue the blockade .
In the end , most people did not take up Socialist Alternative 's call for an organized withdrawal . Hearing the concerns and recognizing the mood of many to stay and fight , Kshama Sawant and Socialist Alternative did remain with the protest until 1 AM when the vast majority had made their final departure .
A few dozen activists continued to protest through the night , suffering increasingly sharp repression and ultimately more than 35 were arrested at the hands of the police departments from several area jurisdictions , including the Seattle Police Department .
Kshama has since been using their City Council office to collect stories of the SPD 's role at the Seatac protests , to hold them accountable and try to advance legislation defending Seattle as a real “ sanctuary city ” which should not allow its police to harass peaceful protesters who are defending basic rights of Muslims , immigrants , and other communities targeted by Trump .
The urgent need to get organized and escalate our struggle
Seatac and the other January airport occupations were just the beginning .
Stopping Trump 's reactionary agenda will require us to organize an ongoing , powerful struggle and shut down “ business as usual ” on a far larger scale .
That 's why Socialist Alternative is calling for 100 days of resistance and mass civil disobedience and strike action on International Women 's Day and International Workers ' Day .
All of those determined to resist Trump should help build toward escalating resistance in the coming weeks . We must organize now and plan for mass peaceful civil disobedience to block highways , airports and other key infrastructure on March 8 and May 1 , as well as beginning a discussion about strike action in our unions .
Trump can be defeated . But to do so we must base ourselves on bold struggle , unity in action , and the enormous social power of the working class with it 's potential to shut down the capitalist system .
Everyone knew who the ball was going to .
Facing Sunny Hills High on Feb. 3 , Sonora trailed by one point with 2.8 seconds remaining in overtime . Sonora High senior Kevin Marlow stared ahead at the hoop , eyes sharp , hands ready .
They caught the ball in the middle of the court , and as their teammates spread across the floor , they took two hard dribbles to their right , releasing a 3-pointer with a defender 's hand in their face , limiting their vision . The ball swished through the net and Sonora won , 61-59 , clinching a share of the Freeway League title .
Just another day at the office for Mr . Clutch , who dropped 33 points for the Raiders ( 25-3 , 9-1 ) .
“ I want the ball . I want it to be on me , ” said Marlow , averaging 17.4 points , 5.4 rebounds and 3.5 assists per game . “ I love that pressure because I feel like it makes me play at a higher level . ”
Marlow , quick and athletic , a skilled shooter off the bounce and off the catch , is comfortable in conflict . When the final shot is being diagrammed for them on the team 's clipboard with the clock dwindling , the 6-foot sharpshooter does n't say a word ; their expression does n't change .
“ From NJB to AAU to travel-ball teams , he 's played so many times , he 's not nervous , ” said Dave Marlow , their father , who played one year of hoops and three years of baseball at Biola . “ It 's nerve-racking when you have n't done it before . He 's done it . ”
Marlow , who is shooting 46.6 percent from the field and 80.3 percent from the charity stripe , hit back to back threes against La Costa Canyon High earlier this season in a tournament in San Diego – they tied the game with under a minute to go in regulation . The Raiders won in triple overtime .
Last season , they hit two game-winners , one against Troy and one against Long Beach Jordan , both with less than three seconds remaining . As a sophomore , they hit three threes in the CIF finals against Gahr High .
“ He 's just incredible . I 've never had a player like them that 's risen to the occasion , time after time , ” said Mike Murphy , Sonora 's coach . “ Pressure does n't bother him . ”
Marlow has long aimed to surpass expectations . When they were a child , he 'd run across their family 's house , never running out of breath , jumping up and down to try to touch the highest mark they could . Doorways , tables , walls , Marlow leapt for it – leaving dirt marks all over the white surfaces .
“ He was a wild child , ” said Adam Marlow , their brother , a former Sonora standout who now plays for UC Santa Cruz . “ He was like this little ball of energy . ”
As a second-grader , Marlow had to quit a local church-league because they could n't abide by the limiting rules . Players were n't allowed to block shots or steal the ball , but Marlow could n't help himself . They could n't cool their competitive fire .
They channeled their energy on the defensive end as a middle-schooler . They did n't care if they were defending a bigger wing or a quicker point guard , their goal was to shut down anyone .
“ He 's always been the fastest kid . He 's always jumped the highest . Defense just came natural to them because they were such a good athlete , ” Adam Marlow said .
Defense was also a means to survival for Marlow against their older brother , who was better , bigger and quicker . If they could n't out-play their brother , Marlow would make sure they could out-hustle him , learning to strip the ball away before it bounced back up .
But offense ?
“ I was one of our worst shooters , ” Marlow said of their middle-school travel team .
That changed the summer heading into their sophomore year , when they stayed in the gym , putting up jumper after jumper , for hours . He 'd earn their keep , starting half of the team 's games as a sophomore , they said .
Shooting became more than an activity , but a kind of art to Marlow . They could sense the slightest hitch in their form quicker than onlookers could . They could sense if the ball was going to rattle in or out as soon as it left their fingertips . They were either “ feeling good ” or “ not feeling good , ” and like any shooter that studies their craft with the precision of a scientist , they could correct their error within seconds .
Fortunately for Marlow , and Sonora , they are often feeling good – able to enter a space where their palms feel part of the ball , where the rest of their body feels aligned . The basket , they said , looks three times bigger .
“ You feel like superman , ” they said .
But Marlow is n't infallible . He 's quick to point out there have been missed game-winners , too . Even before their game-winner against Sunny Hills , they missed a potential game-winning shot toward the end of regulation . But they took the shot again because misses do n't faze him ; they motivate him .
“ It does n't kill my confidence because I still want the ball . I still want it to be on me , ” Marlow said . “ Being one of our captains for the last two years , I want the pressure . I want my teammates to trust me as much as I trust myself . ”
Contact the writer : mfader @ ocregister.com
Rick Patrick : Greene Publishing , Inc .
On Friday , Feb. 10 , the Madison County High School ( MCHS ) Cowboys varsity basketball team took another big step toward their bigger goal of winning a state basketball title by defeating the Trojans of Hamilton County High with a final score of 66-30 . This gives the Cowboys the Class 1A District 5 Championship .
Deep threat Dilan Lawson led the Cowboys in scoring with 14 points . Travis Jay had 12 points , four assists , and six rebounds for the Cowboys . Josiah Mitchell had nine points , five rebounds , four blocked shots and three assists . Tre Adams and Kris Allen combined for 16 points and nine steals for the Cowboys .
Next , the Cowboys will face Newberry High School in the regional semi-final game . That game will take place on Thursday , Feb. 16 , in the Madison County High School gym . Tip-off is scheduled for 7 p.m .
( AP Photo/Seth Wenig ) . Michael Cohen arrives to court in New York , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Lawyers for President Donald Trump and Cohen , their personal attorney , appear again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about attorney ...
By LARRY NEUMEISTER and TOM HAYS
Associated Press
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Lawyers for President Donald Trump 's personal attorney , Michael Cohen , failed to win more time Wednesday to analyze millions of files seized by the FBI , but they did get one thing they wanted : Their TV tormentor , Stormy Daniels ' attorney , withdrew a request to get a formal role in the case .
A federal judge refereeing an ongoing legal tussle about which documents should be withheld from investigators because of attorney-client privilege gave lawyers for Trump and Cohen until June 15 to finish reviewing 3.7 million paper and electronic files seized from Cohen in the April raids .
The deadline for them to identify documents they believe are confidential was set over the objection of Cohen 's lawyer , Todd Harrison .
`` We 're working around-the-clock , '' they told U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood , saying that even with a team of 15 lawyers `` moving heaven and earth , '' they had only finished reviewing 1.3 million files so far and did n't expect to finish until mid-July .
`` I do n't know if we can make that , '' another Cohen lawyer , Stephen Ryan , said of the June 15 deadline .
Wood was unmoved , but they made comments in court that may have prompted Daniels ' lawyer , Michael Avenatti , to withdraw a request to get a formal role in the legal negotiations .
Avenatti had applied to intervene in the case so they could ensure that any confidential records or recordings related to Daniels that were in Cohen 's possession were n't improperly disclosed .
Much of Wednesday 's hearing was consumed by spirited arguments about Avenatti 's numerous public attacks on Cohen , mostly through live cable TV appearances . Ryan protested that the barrage was improper , saying Avenatti was on television at least 170 times , mostly to badmouth Cohen .
They also complained that Avenatti had improperly acquired and released certain bank records related to Cohen 's business dealings .
`` I have never seen an attorney conduct themselves in the manner that Mr. Avenatti has , '' Ryan said .
Wood told Avenatti that while they are free to speak their mind now , they would have to end their `` publicity tour '' and attacks on Cohen if they became part of the case . Lawyers practicing in the federal court in Manhattan must follow local rules barring statements that might taint prospective jurors .
`` That means that you would have to stop doing some things you have been doing . If you participate here , you would not be able to declare your opinion as to Mr. Cohen 's guilt , which you did ; you would not be able to give publicity to documents that are not public . It would change your conduct , '' Wood said . `` I do n't want you to have some existence in a limbo , where you are free to denigrate Mr. Cohen and I believe potentially deprive them of a fair trial by tainting a jury pool . ''
Shortly after the court hearing , Avenatti withdrew their application , but not before appearing TV cameras outside again and assailing Cohen and their legal team once more .
Among other things , they accused Cohen 's lawyers of giving a journalist an audio recording of a conversation between Daniels ' former lawyer and Cohen .
In court , Ryan denied that Cohen 's lawyers gave recordings to a reporter , saying that if any did exist pertaining to Daniels , they were `` under lock and key , '' controlled by their law firm , the Trump Organization or the president .
`` It has not occurred , '' they said .
Daniels , who was not in court Wednesday , got a $ 130,000 payment from Cohen before the election in exchange for not speaking about an alleged sexual encounter with the president in 2006 . Trump denies it .
Speaking to reporters after the court hearing , Avenatti said Ryan 's reference to the existence of audio tapes was a major revelation , and that they were certain some of those tapes relate to Daniels .
`` As a result of our efforts , there was a shocking admission that was made in court today , namely , that just like the Nixon tapes , we now have what I will refer to as the Trump tapes , '' they said .
They called for the `` release of all those audio recordings to the American people and to Congress so that they can be heard by all . '' Then , they added , `` people can make their own determination as to their importance as it relates to the president , what they knew and when they knew it , and what they did as it relates to conspiring with Michael Cohen to commit one or more potential crimes . ''
Special Master Barbara Jones said in a letter Tuesday that lawyers for Cohen , Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to attorney-client privilege . They said the material includes data from a video recorder .
Judge Wood said if Trump and Cohen 's lawyers do n't finish reviewing material by June 15 , the task of performing the attorney-client review will be handled by a special `` taint team '' of prosecutors walled off from those involved in the criminal probe .
Of the material seized from Cohen 's home , hotel and office in April , only two old Blackberry phones and the contents of a shredder have yet to be turned over to Cohen 's lawyers , prosecutors said .
The files , mostly from phones and electronic storage devices , were seized April 9 in raids on Cohen 's Manhattan home and office . The raids initially drew an outcry from Trump , who claimed an attack on attorney-client privilege .
The raids on Cohen were triggered in part by a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller , who separately is looking into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election .
Wood became involved after Cohen came to court , complaining that they feared attorney-client privilege would not be protected .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Instagram/ @ oliviapierson
Valentine 's Day is a celebration of love for some , but also a dreaded day for others . There are those that are single and do n't want to be reminded of it , and then there are those in casual relationships that do n't want to be too serious who find themselves in an awkward spot on Valentine 's Day .
You can count Joel Embiid into that latter category . Reality TV star Olivia Pierson posted a picture to Instagram on Tuesday night claiming Embiid as their Valentine and said that they had “ docked their ship ” with them Embiid made sure to put an end to any Valentine talk by commenting on their post that it was “ Old news I 'm not trusting this process , ” as pointed out by The Philly Voice .
As millions of children , and their parents , prepare for the start of a new school year , parenting expert Ericka Souter opened up about their top tips for what both can do to be physically and emotionally prepared .
Here are their top tips for kick-starting a successful school year :
1 . Ease back into a healthy bedtime routine
Souter , an editor of the popular parenting site Mom.me , told ABC News that they recommend easing back into the routine of waking up early for school starting at least two weeks before the actual first day of school . Souter also advises parents to wake up late sleepers a little earlier each day as summer vacation comes to an end .
Souter explained that if children have been staying up late every night in the summer , it will not be easy going to sleep early the night before school starts .
Routines are key for children , especially when it comes to sleep , Souter adds . Enforcing an hour of quiet time before bed , which includes a no-electronics rule , can help children get into a healthy bedtime routine , according to Souter . They suggest reading as a good way to help children wind down without using their devices .
Souter also recommends giving children their own alarm clock , and giving them more responsibility when it comes to going to bed on time .
2 . Start on summer homework ahead of time
Easing back into your schoolwork can also be a great way to prepare before the start of a new school year . Souter recommends starting on a packet of summer homework well before the first day of school , and if your child 's school does not give out summer homework , to buy workbooks or even use educational apps as a refresher before going back to school full-time .
3 . Keep a family calendar
Keeping everyone 's schedules straight can also be a difficult task for parents , so Souter recommends staying organized by using a shared family calendar with everyone 's assignments , practices and appointments in one place . They also recommend making a morning `` to-do '' list everyday to avoid going mad if you try to keep track of everything in your head .
Having a central calendar that everyone shares can also reduce confusion for the whole family , Souter says . While a classic paper calendar will do , many families also opt to use a shared Google calendar .
4 . Set goals for the school year -- other than good grades
Finally , to kickstart a successful new school year , Souter recommends setting goals other than getting good grades .
Other goals you can set for school-age children include doing daily chores and household responsibilities , such as clearing dishes from the table , taking out the trash and brushing your teeth before school , according to Souter .
Souter recommends using an incentive-based based program , with rewards , to encourage children to do their chores and other household responsibilities .
Souter says they use a Garmin Vivofit Jr. activity tracker for their son , which is similar to a FitBit except for children , and keeps track of activities and chores that children do . Parents can add points using an app when a child completes a chore , and then children can cash out the points for a reward such as extra play dates or more iPad time .
GLENDALE , Ariz. — Phil Dawson has n't had the greatest season and missed another field goal on Sunday .
They made the other four , though , all the offence the Arizona Cardinals needed in a 12-7 victory that knocked the Tennessee Titans out of first place in the AFC South .
Dawson connected from 47 , 23 , 32 and 35 yards and missed from 40 for the Cardinals ( 6-7 ) , whose victory came two weeks after they beat then-AFC South leader Jacksonville on the same field .
“ It was n't our most fancy or nifty offensive performance I 've ever been a part of , ” Arizona 's Larry Fitzgerald said . “ But it 's a win and we 'll take them . ”
The Cardinals intercepted Marcus Mariota twice in the second half after the Titans ( 8-5 ) nursed a 7-0 lead at halftime .
Mariota completed 16 of 31 passes for 159 yards . Tennessee managed 65 yards rushing against the Cardinals after gaining 198 on the ground in a win over Houston a week ago .
Mariota was 6 of 16 for 60 yards with two picks in the second half .
“ Frustration is an understatement , ” Mariota said . “ Defence played lights-out , special teams did their job and I 've been hurting our team . I 've got to find ways to be better . ”
Mariota said they hurt their knee in the first half when they did n't slide soon enough to protect himself , but they would n't use that as an excuse for their performance .
The Cardinals gained 64 yards in the first half and 197 in the second .
Blaine Gabbert completed 17 of 26 for 178 yards for Arizona with no interceptions , but was sacked eight times , most by a Cardinals quarterback this season . Kerwynn Williams rushed for 73 yards as Arizona , ranked last in the NFL in rushing , outgained Tennessee on the ground 136-65 .
Cardinals coach Bruce Arians improved to 7-1 against the AFC South .
“ I know what everybody is going to say . ‘ It 's an ugly win , ” ‘ Arians said . “ There is no such thing . ”
The game 's lone TD came after Andy Lee 's 33-yard punt gave Tennessee the ball at the 50 . The Titans needed nine plays , Derrick Henry sweeping right and diving at the pylon on the 6-yard touchdown play in the second quarter .
Mariota directed the Titans on a drive from their 26-yard line to the Arizona 40 in the final 49 seconds of the half , but Ryan Succop 's 58-yard field-goal try bounced off the crossbar .
Arizona took the second-half kickoff and , despite Tennessee getting two sacks , got a 47-yard field goal from Dawson to cut the lead to 7-3 .
Then came a big Tennessee gamble .
After the subsequent kickoff , the Titans faked a punt on fourth-and-1 from their 35 . Initially , officials ruled that Eric Weems had made the first down . But Arians challenged the spot and , after a review , it was determined the runner came up a few inches short .
Tennessee coach Mike Mularkey said they probably got “ a little over-aggressive ” with the fake punt call .
But , they said , “ We should have got it . I thought we had it . Both officials had the mark as a first down . I was standing right behind them . I do n't know how it got overturned . ”
The Cardinals took over and Dawson 's 23-yard field goal cut the lead to 7-6 .
Dawson missed a 40 yarder that would have given the Cardinals the lead with 12:04 to play . But the 42-year-old kicker would get another chance .
Rookie Chad Williams ran 33 yards on an end-around to ignite an eight-play , 71-yard drive that culminated in Dawson 's 32-yard field goal to put Arizona ahead 9-7 with 5:59 to play .
Josh Bynes intercepted Mariota over the middle on the next possession and returned it 25 yards . A late-hit penalty against the Titans play moved the ball to the Tennessee 7 . Jurrell Casey 's second sack of the game forced yet another field goal by Dawson , good from 35 yards to finish the scoring .
The Titans will stay in the desert and practice next week at Arizona State University to prepare for next Sunday 's game at San Francisco .
FITZ MOVES UP
With their 23-yard catch on the Cardinals ' first possession of the second half , Fitzgerald moved past their boyhood idol Randy Moss into third place on the NFL career yards receiving list , trailing only Terrell Owens and Jerry Rice .
Fitzgerald was a ball boy for the Vikings and used to wash Moss ' cars for cash , and even borrowed their BMW to go to the high school prom .
INJURIES
The Titans lost starting left tackle Taylor Lewan in the second quarter with a lower back injury . Arizona outside linebacker Gabe Martin left in the first quarter with a hamstring injury .
UP NEXT
Titans : at San Francisco next Sunday .
Cardinals : at Washington next Sunday .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
AUSTIN , Texas — University of Texas officials are inviting companies to submit proposals to build and operate an on-campus basketball facility to replace the 40-year old Frank Erwin Center .
School officials want a public-private partnership with minimal financial investment from the school . The arena would also be available for concerts and other public events .
The Erwin Center will eventually be demolished to make room for the expanding campus medical school . School officials said they want bids from companies with experience working with universities and building facilities that cost $ 350 million to $ 450 million at a minimum .
The announcement did not say how many seats school officials want it to have . The Erwin Center holds close to 16,500 for basketball .
WASHINGTON — As the death toll from the shooting in Las Vegas rapidly rose , White House officials urged President Donald Trump to show restraint in their response : No speculative tweets , please . No over-the-top bluster .
White House chief of staff John Kelly encouraged a simple tweet of condolences . Aides wrote sombre remarks that had Trump quoting scripture . Some around the president were encouraged to hear them connecting to the tragedy on a personal level — talking about their property and calling friends there — a sign they were taking in the impact of the event .
The anxious counsel from their aides as Trump prepared to react to the largest mass shooting in U.S. history was a reminder of Trump 's troubled track record in such moments . Trump has often had difficulty embracing a central role of the American presidency : consoling people dealing with intense grief , regardless of their political affiliation or support for the White House 's agenda . It 's a quality that is rarely debated or analyzed on the campaign trail , yet one that can shape the way Americans view the success of their president .
Trump 's challenges with empathy were on full display this week , as they responded to two disasters at once with very different results . Trump ultimately stuck to the script in Las Vegas , avoiding controversy and assuming the role of national healer . It was a measured response that stood in stark contrast to their uneven response to the hurricane in Puerto Rico , which saw Trump lash out at the mayor of San Juan , urge officials to say positive things about their administration and throw rolls of paper towels into the crowd at a relief centre like they were tossing T-shirts at a sporting event .
This account is based on conversations with 11 White House aides and others who spoke with the president this week .
Presidents are remembered for the way they respond in moments of great tumult or trial .
Bill Clinton 's speech after the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing helped them right their struggling presidency . George W. Bush 's bullhorn address while standing atop the rubble of the World Trade Center helped heal the nation after the 9-11 attacks . Yet Bush 's presidency would never fully recover from the government 's botched response to Hurricane Katrina , which left many Americans with the perception that the president was detached from the suffering on the ground .
Trump 's response to the devastation in Puerto Rico has generated a raft of criticism .
In the first days after Maria , Trump was more focused on their feud with NFL players who were kneeling during the national anthem , blasting them in private to their allies and in public on Twitter . As images of the devastation in Puerto Rico began appearing more frequently on cable television , aides intensified their briefings , but Trump complained about the island 's debt and became fixated on the criticism from San Juan mayor 's , Carmen Yulin Cruz , according to three White House officials and outside allies .
Despite the scenes of devastation around Cruz , Trump decided to hit back on Twitter , ignoring advice from Kelly and homeland security adviser Tom Bossert to focus on the recovery .
The public has been watching .
Just 32 per cent of Americans approve of how Trump has handled disaster relief in the U.S. territory , while 49 per cent disapprove , according to a poll by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research . On Thursday , Rep. John Lewis , D-Ga. , called Trump 's visit to the island an insult .
“ When we see the president of the United States go to Puerto Rico throwing toilet paper , paper towels , what is that saying to the American people ? It is an affront , ” Lewis said .
The president , however , believed their trip to Puerto Rico on Tuesday went well , according to a person who spoke with them after the visit . And friends say Trump , an unconventional president by any measure , was simply handling the situation in their own way .
“ I think he 's an old school John Wayne-type guy who does n't like to wear emotions on their shirtsleeves , ” said Chris Ruddy , a longtime friend of the president and the chairperson of Newsmaxe . “ He does n't cry in public and they do n't like men who do . ”
After Trump 's bumpy response to the Puerto Rico hurricane , top aides , including Kelly , scripted out a more measured response for the president after the shooting in Las Vegas on Sunday , which left 58 people dead . Trump largely followed the game plan , including avoiding public speculation about the motive of the shooter in a city where they own a hotel that sports their name in giant gold letters . Trump consulted several friends from the city , including casino magnate and mega-donor Sheldon Adelson , about their response . They told aides they wanted to salute the law enforcement personnel they believe prevented the massacre from being worse .
Trump often struggled as a candidate to exude the kind of empathy that comes naturally to some politicians . In the summer of 2016 , aides tried repeatedly to explain to Trump why their attacks on Khizr Khan , a Muslim-American whose son was killed fighting for the U.S. military in Iraq , were off-putting to so many voters . One former campaign official said Trump was unmoved by arguments about the sacrifices Khan 's family had made for the country and could n't get past the fact that Khan had spoken out against the Republican nominee at the Democratic Party 's convention .
Their staff tried to limit small , potentially emotional gatherings with supporters , knowing that Trump preferred the distance of a large , roaring crowd . In October , as they made a last-minute push to win Florida , advisers prepped Trump about the gut-wrenching story of Miriam de la Pena , whose son 's plane was shot down by the Cuban government in 1996 , according to another former campaign staffer .
But Trump was far more focused on the endorsement they were set to receive later that day and , as de la Pena choked up recounting their tale , their eyes wandered around the room , only turning to say “ very sad story ” when the tearful mother finished speaking .
Former advisers say Trump also appears to lack any understanding of the impact their often sharp-tongued tirades can have on aides . One adviser recalled being berated by Trump in the Oval Office , in front of multiple colleagues , in particularly humiliating fashion . The next day , Trump called the adviser on the phone and started joking as though the previous day 's outburst had never happened .
——
Lemire reported from New York .
——
Follow Lemire at http : //twitter.com/jonlemire and Pace at http : //twitter.com/jpaceDC
Photo
Bitcoin action is now available without the Bitcoin . The Chicago Board Options Exchange started offering futures on the cryptocurrency late on Sunday . The new contracts open fresh avenues for trading , but for now they have little utility beyond speculation .
The one-month future surged more than 20 percent from the open to $ 18,700 before trading below $ 18,000 Monday morning . With the price of Bitcoin rising two-thirds this month alone , that seems fairly sedate . Volume was roughly $ 50 million , Breakingviews calculates , less than 0.5 percent of actual Bitcoin trading in the previous 24 hours , according to Coinmarketcap.com .
Futures have real-world value , allowing producers or consumers of a commodity to insure themselves against price movements , or helping investors to hedge their positions . In the Bitcoin world , there are so-called miners with investments in processing power and hefty costs like electricity who could use the contracts this way , but that 's about it . And with Bitcoin soaring more than 15-fold in 2017 to well over $ 16,000 early Monday , selling Bitcoin futures short is likely to be prohibitively expensive .
Most market players will be cautious until the contracts settle down . There are , though , other reasons for concern . Bitcoin futures are n't perfect proxies for the real thing , partly because they will be settled in dollars , not the cryptocurrency , which trades at different dollar prices in different places . Chicago Board Options Exchange settlements , for example , will be based on Bitcoin 's value on the Gemini Exchange , established by Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss of Facebook fame .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
CME Group 's Bitcoin futures , starting next weekend , will settle at a reference price drawn from multiple exchanges . One opportunity could be arbitrage , exploiting the pricing discrepancies . But it will take time for any patterns to emerge .
Proponents reckon that the entry of two big , regulated United States exchanges bolsters the legitimacy of Bitcoin . It certainly broadens the universe of possible investors , and it invites the creation of new exchange-traded funds , which need a liquid benchmark to track . That would bring Bitcoin exposure to retail investors .
For an entire generation , watching The Simpsons was something akin to a religious experience . Day in , day out , we would watch reruns of The Simpsons as they aired in syndication , we would rewind and rewatch original run episodes we 'd taped on VHS ( that had the extra bits later cut for syndication ) , and - most importantly - we would relentlessly quote and reference the show to one another . `` Referencing The Simpsons '' became second nature to a certain subsection of the population - practically a language all of its own . Impenetrable and jarring to anyone not familiar with `` classic run '' Simpsons episodes ( roughly seasons 1-10 ) , but as familiar and understandable as anything to those in the know .
And for years and years , that 's how it was . The same seasons , the same references , the same ... everything .
Something was bound to change eventually - you can only say `` bake 'em away , toys '' so often before it starts to grow a little stale ( that 's not actually true , but bear with me ) - and once the change began to happen , it made total , perfect sense , although no one could have predicted that THIS would be the path things would go down . Of course , I 'm referring to ( what 's generally known as ) `` Simpsons shitposting . ''
`` Simpsons shitposting '' had simple roots - ugly , blurry screencaps of Marge krumping in a ( semi ) -recent run episode , simple faceswaps , awkward screencaps that would capture mid-frame movement , replacing everyone 's face with Hans Moleman , etc . But as of the past two years or so , they 've evolved into something more sophisticated ( on the whole ) . They 've evolved into cross-reference masterpieces :
The basic essence of the modern version of Simpsons Shitposting is that instead of a SINGLE reference from The Simpsons , you give the people MULTIPLE references bizarrely interwoven with one another in inexplicable ways ... that still leave both ( or MORE ) references intact . It 's a delicate act - but the beauty of it is that it brings SURPRISE back to Simpsons references .
That was the problem ( I use that term very loosely - there was no actual `` problem '' with some of the best TV ever produced ) with Simpsons references - they had all become too familiar and rote , so every reference was anticipated and expected . It was dull - there was no way to actually catch anyone by surprise with a reference , unless you were just pulling some random never-talked-about moment as some kind of ironic joke ( I had a friend who used to reference Wendell frequently ) . But Simpsons Shitposting was able to bring that surprise back to the references and jokes we all know and love , free of irony . And hell , it REWARDED the kind of deep Simpsons knowledge that is otherwise only utilized at bar trivia nights - not only did you have to understand individual moments from Simpsons episodes , you had to be able to juggle multiple ones at the same time .
Of course , there grew certain GENRES within this already seemingly niche subgroup of memes , primarily around specific references that could be twisted and and repurposed in a multitude of ways :
Moe 's `` dissing your fly girl '' class speech
Burns ' false identity `` Snrub ''
Todd Flanders ' shocking `` I do n't want any damn vegetables '' reply to their mother
Lenny 's drunken thumbs up to a terrified Mr. Burns after a company-sponsored drag race night
The angry dad who warns their kids that it 'll be `` back to Winnipeg '' if they do n't calm down
and there was a good day or two where the Simpsons subreddit was ALL ABOUT the Tungsten guy .
But none of these hold a candle to the KING of Simpsons Shitposting : STEAMED HAMS .
`` Steamed hams '' is - of course - in reference to the Skinner and Chalmers story from 22 Short Stories About Springfield , showcasing a seemingly disastrous dinner date that manages to work out ( mostly ) well , thanks to Skinner 's completely unbelievable lies and Chalmers ' surprising acceptance of said lies . If you 've read this far , hopefully I do n't need to actually EXPLAIN the scene to you - you know it is like the back of your hand . And the reason you know it is because it 's possibly the most perfect sequence The Simpsons ever produced .
It 's short - only around 2 and a half minutes . But in that short timespan , it packs in jokes and character moments so densely , it 's nearly unbelievable . There is not a single ounce of fat in this scene - everything moves lightning fast and no beat goes to waste . It 's a masterclass in comedy writing that we should all feel blessed we were able to witness .
- only around 2 and a half minutes . But in that short timespan , it packs in jokes and character moments so densely , it 's nearly unbelievable . There is not a single ounce of fat in this scene - everything moves lightning fast and no beat goes to waste . It 's a masterclass in comedy writing that we should all feel blessed we were able to witness . Career best voice acting from Harry Shearer as Skinner and Hank Azaria as Chalmers . You can hear Skinner 's increasing desperation ( and impossible attempts to maintain an aura of calmness , like when they try to get their terrified mother to go along with the lie that the house burning down is `` just the Northern Lights '' ) with every new fib , and each one of Chalmers ' quietly disbelieving `` uh-huh '' s is a work of art ( to say nothing of the `` AURORA BOREALIS ? ! '' section ending in a meek `` ... may I see it ? `` ) .
You can hear Skinner 's increasing desperation ( and impossible attempts to maintain an aura of calmness , like when they try to get their terrified mother to go along with the lie that the house burning down is `` just the Northern Lights '' ) with every new fib , and each one of Chalmers ' quietly disbelieving `` uh-huh '' s is a work of art ( to say nothing of the `` AURORA BOREALIS ? ! '' section ending in a meek `` ... may I see it ? '' ) . The way the bit plays off of an established rhythm between Chalmers and Skinner taken to the most absurd degree possible . Sure , Chalmers may shrug off hearing a student ask `` what 's a battle ? '' with Skinner 's awkward interjection of clarifying Ralph was asking `` what 's that rattle ? '' or that there would be an unrelated article within the banner headline of the newspaper - but those lies never compounded beyond one or two questions . Here , the lies begin piling on top of each other and growing in absurdity , until Skinner 's desperately trying to claim grilled hamburgers are called `` steamed hams '' in upstate New York ( specifically Albany ) and that the raging fire within their kitchen is actually just aurora borealis . At each turn , you expect the flimsy house of cards Skinner has built to finally collapse ( because how could it not ? ) , and at each turn Chalmers just accepts Skinner 's blatant cover and moves on .
Through this scene , the term `` steamed hams '' entered the lexicon and `` aurora borealis '' was forever given a new connotation forever - seriously , I would imagine an enormous chunk of people on this planet would immediately associate it instantly with the fire raging in Skinner 's kitchen ahead of the atmospheric lights visible in the higher latitudes . And having these two unbelievably memorable terms made for perfect shitpost fodder : all it really takes to make a solid shitpost out of it is to replace two faces with those of Skinner and Chalmers and swap one key phrase with `` steamed hams . '' The results are ... magical .
And the nature of these shitposts continues to evolve - someone composed the ENTIRE `` steamed hams '' sequence for piano . And it works ... surprisingly well .
There 's also someone who edited 10 different versions of the scene ( each getting progressively faster ) so that they would all sync up when Chalmers says `` AURORA BOREALIS ! `` , a version that plays as normal except that all of Skinner and Chalmers ' lines are reversed ( it makes sense if you watch it ) , a version where the dialogue is translated into Chinese and then back into English using Google Translate , and so on .
Basically , `` steamed hams '' has become the ultimate source of inspiration for Simpsons shitposters all around the world ( as it deserves ) .
INTERVIEW : BILL OAKLEY
We managed to get ahold of Bill Oakley to answer some questions , because I will take ANY opportunity to pester my writing heroes about utterly nonsensical memes they inspired . In case you did n't know , Oakley is the individual responsible for the `` steamed hams '' segment , and is thus responsible for the spread of this genre of shitpost . I wanted to know their feelings on the matter :
Have you ever heard of or seen `` Simpsons shitposts '' ? Specifically the trend of mixed-reference shitposts ? Sorry for typing `` shitpost '' so much .
Yes , I have seen hundreds and hundreds of them and I love almost all of them .
What 's your take on Simpsons shitposting ?
I think your analysis is spot-on . It is remixing references which have grown pretty tired after 20 straight years and putting them together in new and delightful ways . Actually my only quibble is that I do n't think they are shitty so I think the term is a misnomer .
I agree that the term `` shitpost '' is n't really ideal for this subgenre , which feels like an honest-to-goodness art form , if a highly specific one . Maybe `` fishbulbs '' ?
I like fishbulbs !
When you originally wrote the `` steamed hams '' sequence of 22 Short Films About Springfield , did you feel you had struck something meaningful ?
No , I had no idea whether it was funny or not . I thought there was a possibility it might be terrifically unfunny , in fact . It was extremely self-indulgent of me to write the longest segment in the entire episode and not include a single `` traditional '' joke and I thought there was a huge possibility it might get cut . When I turned the script into Greg Daniels , who was coordinating the episode , I seem to recall they read through it without laughing once . And the table read was a pretty big failure at the time too . It seems to have gotten a lot more popular as time went on -- which I appreciate .
When did you start realizing `` steamed hams '' had become a legitimate meme unto itself ?
I feel like I first noticed it three or four years ago , on Twitter and to a lesser degree on Facebook . Then when this happened about 18 months ago ( https : //www.buzzfeed.com/bradesposito/thousands-of-people-keep-asking-this-grocery-store ) . I knew the whole thing had taken off and since then it has been feeding on itself . I have a feeling `` Inventor of Steamed Hams '' is going to be on my tombstone now .
Do you have a favorite `` steamed hams '' meme , shitpost , or video ? There are a ton - someone even turned the scene into a track in Guitar Hero . My favorite one is the one my kids made me two years ago for Christmas , which is a live action reenactment of the entire segment , word for word and shot for shot , starring them . They even had steam coming out of Seymour 's oven ( my actual oven ) for the flaming roast . However I am never putting this online because it shows how messy my house is . Besides that one , I like the one where Seymour never answers the door and Chalmers just remains standing on the porch forever . But there are so many other good ones too , I just ca n't recall them at the moment . However my favorite shitpost of all , which is not steamed hams-related , is the super-cut of the all the `` You got the Dud '' mash-ups which I believe it so incredibly hysterical it may have given me a slight brain aneurysm .
Have Simpsons Shitposts given you any deeper appreciation of old jokes that otherwise were semi-forgotten ? Moe 's `` here 's the 4-1-1 '' bit is now one of the MOST FREQUENTLY-CITED Simpsons jokes - a bit that was n't even on most fans ' radars before a few years ago .
I had no idea people liked the lemon stuff that much , or Kirk 's drawing of dignity . And till you sent me this , I did n't think anyone remembered the `` paint my chicken coop '' bit .
Do you ( or any other former/current Simpsons writers ) send EACH OTHER these mash-up shitposts ever ? Would love to know if anyone is sending these to John Schwartzwelder .
To my knowledge we do n't send them to each other , no , but we might tag each other in them in twitter or cc ' one another sometimes . Mainly for me it 'd be Josh or Dan Greaney on Twitter , I am not in touch with most of the others
I have not communicated with Swartzwelder , I have no idea how one would send them to them other than tag or cc them on Twitter as I suspect they do not own a cell phone or anything like that .
What 's the next rich vein of Simpsons Shitposting people should be diving into ? Moe 's `` Oh , dear god , NO ! '' from Bart 's Comet ? Homer 's `` It 's pretty big ... I guess . '' from Bart vs. Australia ? Something completely different ? In other words , what 's your favorite Simpsons reference that you do n't see get referenced ENOUGH ?
I would like to see more Itchy & Scratchy stuff but I realize that 's hard to mash-up . But I guess most of all I would like to see a lot more of the McCrary twins on their minibikes .
For more Bill Oakley , follow them on Twitter - or watch Portlandia , where he 's served as co-executive producer and writer since 2012 .
And because Bill Oakley richly deserves this and more , we went ahead and made some McCrary twins shitposts ( aka `` fishbulbs '' ) :
For some incredible repositories of Simpsons Shitposts / Fishbulbs , check out :
... and basically EVERYWHERE on the internet where The Simpsons is being discussed in any way .
GALLIPOLIS , Ohio — Good things do n't always come in threes .
The Ohio Valley Christian boys basketball team suffered its third loss of the season to Calvary Baptist Academy by way of a 86-43 defeat on Friday night in Gallia County .
The Defenders ( 4-15 ) fell behind early in the contest and were unable to recover , as the Patriots ( 19-3 ) utilized a 29-10 first quarter run to set their course to a 43-point victory .
CBA further widen its lead in the second quarter , as they manufactured a 17-5 run to enter the locker room leading OVCS by a score of 46-15 .
The Blue and Gold made only 4-of-22 shots from the field , including 3-of-8 from beyond the arc in the first half . The Defenders mustered only nine rebounds and turned the ball over 18 times .
Calvary Baptist connected on 19-of-36 shot attempts for 53 percent , including 7-of-17 from three-point range for 41 percent . The Patriots pulled down 21 rebounds and committed 10 turnovers .
The Defenders slipped further behind in the third period as they visitors widened the deficit to 33 points as they entered the finale holding a 61-28 advantage .
The Patriots closed out the final eight minutes of play on a 25-15 run to earn a 43-point win . The victory served as a season sweep for CBA as they defeated the Defenders on Nov. 17 , 2017 , by a final of 74-17 . The other came on Dec. 12 , 2017 , by a final of 82-29 in Hurricane , W.Va .
OVCS was 13-of-50 from the field for 26 percent , including 5-of-17 form three-point range for 29 percent . The Defenders totaled 26 rebounds and 31 turnovers for the contest .
Bryce Gruber and Justin Beaver led the way with 12 points apiece . Miciah Swab and Asher Peck were next as they chipped in five markers each .
Arden Peck , Andrew Dubs , Jeremiah Swab and Conner Waller each finished the game with two points apiece . Rounding out the scoring for OVCS was Christian Higginbotham with one marker .
Calvary Baptist made 29-of 68 shots from the field for 41 percent , including 8-of-28 from beyond the arc for 28 percent . The Patriots collected 39 rebounds and committed 14 turnovers .
Luke Ponley finished with a game-high 25 points . Cole Kirkpatrick was next with 16 markers , while Roger Clutter and Isaac Massie finished with eight points apiece .
Robert Clutter followed with seven markers and Dimitri Daniels chipped in with six points . Larson Blake and Jordan Ruby each provided five points , while Zach Richards and Seth Workman each had four markers .
Rounding out the scoring for CBA were Bryce Sexton and Jonah Tincher with two points each , respectively .
Ohio Valley Christian first-year student Bryce Gruber ( 11 ) attempts a shot against a Calvary Baptist Academy defender the first half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis , Ohio . http : //www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Gruber.jpg Ohio Valley Christian first-year student Bryce Gruber ( 11 ) attempts a shot against a Calvary Baptist Academy defender the first half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis , Ohio . Scott Jones|OVP Sports Ohio Valley Christian junior Andrew Dubs ( 22 ) attempts a shot against a Calvary Baptist Academy defender the second half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis , Ohio . ( Scott Jones|OVP Sports ) http : //www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Dubs.jpg Ohio Valley Christian junior Andrew Dubs ( 22 ) attempts a shot against a Calvary Baptist Academy defender the second half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis , Ohio . ( Scott Jones|OVP Sports ) Scott Jones|OVP Sports Ohio Valley Christian junior Justin Beaver attempts a free throw during the second half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis , Ohio . ( Scott Jones|OVP Sports ) http : //www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Beaver.jpg Ohio Valley Christian junior Justin Beaver attempts a free throw during the second half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis , Ohio . ( Scott Jones|OVP Sports ) Scott Jones|OVP Sports
By Scott Jones sjones @ aimmediamidwest.com
Scott Jones can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2106 .
Scott Jones can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2106 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The first phase of a high tech tracking system is in place at the Countess of Chester Hospital that will mean the location and status of patients , staff and equipment is known at any moment in time .
More than 4,000 infra-red sensors are being fitted above beds , doorways and even on hand gel dispensers that can read electronic chips in patient wristbands , staff security cards and tags on equipment .
The pioneering national pilot scheme – the first in the country – is being deployed at the Countess ' sites in Liverpool Road , Chester , and at Ellesmere Port Hospital .
And the first phase is operational according to the July edition of ‘ Countess Matters ' which says the computer-controlled system can now request porters to carry out certain tasks via handheld devices . Porters are given all the information they need for prepare for each job and spend less time waiting for patients to be ready .
All tasks are logged , which the Countess says will monitor ‘ how hard they work ' .
Countess managers hope the measures will increase transparency and personal accountability in how the hospital works but have attempted to reassure staff it is not driven by a Big Brother motivation .
Teletracking is part of the Countess ' aspiration to be The Model Hospital based on the 2015 Lord Carter review of the NHS . The main aim is to free up beds by reducing length of stay per patient through improving patient flow .
Countess chief executive Tony Chambers wrote in the magazine : “ I would like to recognise our porters for their patience as pioneers of the new teletracking system . Teletracking represents a giant step towards greater transparency , efficiency and effectiveness and it is fitting that our porters should lead the way in this advancement . ”
Among the other claimed benefits of the tracking system are :
■ A security system triggers an immediate alert if a vulnerable patient goes astray
■ Sensors on hand gel dispensers encourage a hand hygiene culture
■ An alarm is triggered if a colleague mistakenly walks off with keys to a drug cupboard
■ Relatives concerned about staff attentiveness can be reassured with reference to the data
■ Staff will have the option to trigger an alarm in the event of a personal safety issue
■ Keeping tabs on expensive equipment
■ Tracing key staff members during a major incident
An internal bulletin reassures staff the system is not about checking up on them . It reads : “ This is about making our jobs easier , knowing where people are and working more safely . We are not interested in spying or snooping on colleagues at any given point in time . We trust our staff and know that our people come to work here every day for the right reasons . ”
Guidance for Australian Securities and Investments Commission staff on the use of Section 313 ( 3 ) of the Telecommunications Act to block Australians ' access to particular websites or online services are currently in draft form and awaiting sign-off from ASIC 's legal office , some 10 months after the government issued whole-of-government guidelines .
The ASIC s313 guidelines are expected be approved shortly and could be released within a month , Computerworld understands .
Under the section of the Telco Act , telecommunications providers must “ give officers and authorities of the Commonwealth and of the States and Territories such help as is reasonably necessary ” for “ enforcing the criminal law and laws imposing pecuniary penalties ” , “ assisting the enforcement of the criminal laws in force in a foreign country ” , “ protecting the public revenue ” , and “ safeguarding national security ” .
The authority of the act has been used by government agencies including ASIC and the Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) to issue notices to Internet service providers ( ISPs ) requesting that they block their subscribers from accessing certain websites .
The AFP has primarily used the power to block access to child exploitation material but it has also employed s313 to block the spread of malware .
ASIC 's use of s313 has focused on blocking websites associated with fraud . The commission has used s313 at least 10 times to block websites – and on one occasion issued a request for an IP-based block that mistakenly led to some Australian Internet users being unable to access around 250,000 unrelated sites .
Outcry in the wake of that incident led to a 2014 parliamentary inquiry into the use of the power . The report of the inquiry by the Standing Committee on Infrastructure and Communications , released in mid-2015 , rejected suggestions to narrow the scope of s313 or impose restrictions on its use .
The June 2015 report from the committee said that narrowing the range of agencies that could use the power would be “ unnecessarily restrictive . ”
The committee also concluded that limiting the offences against which s313 could be employed would be “ unnecessary and overly restrictive ” .
“ The Committee supports the concept of s.313 being a broad and flexible mechanism for responding to changing circumstances in the online environment , ” the report said .
However , the committee did recommend that the government develop whole-of-government guidelines in order to reduce the risk of unintentional blocking of web services and to increase transparency around the use of s313 .
Although the federal government accepted the recommendation , it was n't until April 2016 that draft guidelines were released for consultation . In July 2017 , a final version of the guidelines was published .
The guidelines , which do n't apply to state and territory agencies , recommend a range of measures to limit unintentional disruption of online services , including agencies developing internal policies and procedures for disruption requests .
Under the guidelines , agencies should only request the disruption of access to services to cases that involve “ serious criminal or civil offences , or threats to national security ” . The document gives the example of offences with a maximum prison term of at least two years or a financial penalty of at least $ 25,200 .
The guidelines recommend that where possible an agency 's policies and procedures should be made publicly available , and Computerworld understands that ASIC intends to publish its s313 guidance for staff on its website once it is finalised .
Photo
A revolution is afoot in space . As the use of satellites transforms from a national and military-led enterprise to one dominated by businesses , governments worldwide are playing catch-up with the rules and regulations that apply . It 's now possible for a private enterprise with headquarters in the United States to launch Argentine satellites from New Zealand 's soil .
The gaps in international regulations and coordination became clear recently when a California-based start-up , Swarm Technologies , launched four tiny satellites called SpaceBees on an Indian rocket , over the objection of the Federal Communications Commission . Among other things , the F.C.C . is responsible for making sure satellites are trackable by the government 's Space Surveillance Network to minimize the chance of collisions . The SpaceBees were so small ( about 4 inches by 4 inches by 1 inch ) that the network could not regularly track them , though a private tracking service , LeoLabs , says it has been tracking them since the launch .
Several new space start-ups are planning enormous “ mega-constellations ” of hundreds or even thousands of satellites in low Earth orbit ( about 100 miles to 1,250 miles in altitude ) in the next decade , and these too will challenge the regulatory framework . Only about a thousand or so operational satellites are in that region now , so the mega-constellation trend portends an increase of more than tenfold in active satellites in low Earth orbit , all within a matter of years .
How much distance should separate these various constellations so that any collision in one does n't create havoc for those in higher or lower orbits ? Currently , orbital slots in low Earth orbit are not assigned — you launch to wherever you like — but this laissez-faire attitude may soon need revisiting .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Collisions in space have already occurred and can create thousands of debris particles . This threat will only grow unless new protocols are introduced and enforced . Debris in orbit can cause a chain reaction of collisions , creating more and more debris and putting certain orbital bands off limits .
17:46 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23 , 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23 , 5778 , 11/12/17 Hezbollah : Arabs must stand against America Read more Terror group 's leader threatens the United States and Israel following US President Donald Trump 's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . ► ◄ Last Briefs
By MICHAEL MAROTAP Sports Writer
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) - Andrew Luck is n't sure when he 'll start throwing again and wo n't set a timetable for their return from shoulder surgery .
The Indianapolis Colts starting quarterback is n't expected to do much - if any - work during the team 's offseason workouts .
Players and coaches held their first official team activities Monday at the team complex , and for the first time Luck acknowledged that their injury problems began during a Week 3 contest at Tennessee in 2015 .
They missed nine games that season with an assortment of injuries , including a lacerated kidney . After the season , Luck said they decided to undergo rehab rather than opt for surgery . But after aggravating the injury several times last season , they decided to have surgery .
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny talked up the importance of their team 's win at Middlesbrough , but admitted they were still below their best .
Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil scored either side of an Alvaro Negredo equaliser on Monday as Arsenal secured a 2-1 Premier League win .
With their top-four hopes still alive , Koscielny said bouncing back was crucial for Arsene Wenger 's men .
`` It was important . We were in a bad situation and we needed to come back with our quality , '' they told Sky Sports .
`` It was not perfect but I think it 's good to come back with the win . It 's good for the confidence . It 'll come back slowly but it was very important to win . ''
Ozil 's 71st-minute winner put Arsenal within seven points of fourth-placed Manchester City , and Wenger 's men have a game in hand .
3 - Three of Arsenal 's last four away league wins have been against the sides currently in the relegation zone . Expectations . — OptaJoe ( @ OptaJoe ) April 17 , 2017
Attacker Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain said Arsenal had allowed their standards to slip , having gone on a four-match losing run away from home in the league .
`` What we 've done has n't been good enough . We need to take responsibility for that , '' they said .
`` We needed to go out and get back to the basics and that 's making sure our commitment levels were right .
`` It 's a massive honour to play for Arsenal and maybe those levels have slipped . ''
Arsenal now turn their attentions to the FA Cup , facing Manchester City in the semi-finals on Sunday .
Mitch Joel is President of Mirum , a global digital marketing agency with offices in Toronto and Montreal and author of Six Pixels of Separation and CTRL ALT Delete .
Did Facebook hack the 2016 U.S. election ? No . Did it swing the result ? Probably . Did it do it on purpose ? No , not likely . But this weekend , news reports bolster the view its data , which were not supposed to be shared , were central to the strategy of political consultants Cambridge Analytica to sway voters in favour of Donald Trump . What Facebook has actually done here is to confirm the death of privacy .
You could make the case Facebook is actually the victim here , after Cambridge Analytica weaponized someone else 's academic survey data by blending it with other available consumer data to create rich profiles on the behaviours and activities of 50 million American Facebook users and potential voters . But right now , many fingers are pointing at the firm and its CEO-founder Mark Zuckerberg .
The news broke hard over the weekend and the fallout has been fevered and far-reaching , extending far beyond a slide in Facebook shares that took as much as a US $ 5-billion bite out of Zuckerberg 's personal wealth in a matter of hours . The backlash includes calls for government inquiries or investigations in the U.S. , EU and Britain , words of concern from the British prime minister and speculation that users could sign out of the social media giant 's site for good due to concerns over data breaches and privacy threats .
This may be the precise moment in time when we all acknowledge that privacy is officially gone . No one buys the Google mantra “ Do no evil ” anymore ; even if social media companies are n't actively conspiring to eliminate privacy , they are complicit in its demise . Facebook may not have hacked an election , but nobody really knows where our data lives any more and who has access .
Who watches the watchers ?
The question of oversight or regulation is one that consumers and brands must face when it comes to marketing and advertising on platforms like Facebook . It 's one thing to help a company sell you its goods , but it 's a whole new world to have the power to help anyone buy an election .
About 50 million profiles were allegedly harvested to create content and target individuals with specific political messages . Using personal profile data , analytics , predictive software and algorithms , Cambridge Analytica , with investment from U.S. hedge fund billionaire , Robert Mercer , along with advisor Steve Bannon ( from Breitbart and Donald Trump 's election team ) allegedly used our personal information ( without explicit authorization ) in 2014 to build a database that could target personalized political advertisements down to specific individuals .
It was n't a data breach . Or was it ?
It 's easy to shake your first in the air and scream , “ How could this happen ? ” The roots of this story seem innocuous enough . Back in 2014 , Global Science Research 's Aleksandr Kogan launched a personality quiz app on Facebook called thisisyourdigitallife to study human behaviour based on information that could be gleaned from Facebook . The app was downloaded by 270,000 Facebook users , who were paid a small sum to take a personality test ( all good and fun ) .
Depending on the users ' privacy settings , GSR was able to gather not just information about the individual who downloaded the app , but ( depending on the user 's security settings ) also gave GSR access to their “ friends. ” This quickly scaled to the 50 million profiles that were also shared by GSR 's data analytics firm , Cambridge Analytica . Facebook was made aware of this in 2015 , removed the app and demanded proof from GSK ( and all other parties ) that the data had been destroyed .
Several days ago , Facebook was told that the data had not been deleted . Now , it 's all one big hot mess . Facebook is currently attempting to confirm whether or not the data had been deleted . Cambridge Analytica claims that they did , in fact , delete it , when it became clear that the data was not obtained in line with Facebook 's terms or service . Cambridge Analytica is denying the use of this data in relation to the Trump campaign . Now , a past employee of Cambridge Analytica , Christopher Wylie ( a Vancouver-native ) , is doing the media circuit as a whistleblower . Both the New York Times and the The Guardian have been leading this past weekend 's revelations .
Welcome to “ surveillance capitalism ”
The idea of “ surveillance capitalism ” was first introduced by John Bellamy Foster and Robert McChesney in Monthly Review , and later popularized by academic Shoshana Zuboff ( according to Wikipedia ) . In short : Facebook 's business model is not based on content , marketing or advertising . You — the consumer — are the product and the money that Facebook generates is based on how well they can monetize your data and target you to their brand partners .
None of that should come as a surprise , but the Cambridge Analytica twist to this business model is not about knowing individuals and figuring out how to better position a brand in front of a consumer . This new model is about being able to leverage highly personalized information and psychological models to change the consumer 's behaviour by showing them hyper-personalized content to sway their opinions . Of course , this is all being done without the consumer 's consent and knowledge . And the weapon of choice was fake news , served up to appeal to unique profiles .
Do no evil . Do no harm .
While that is often the mantra of these Silicon Valley social media and Internet platforms , it 's getting harder and harder for consumers to believe it . It 's not just Facebook . Google , Twitter , LinkedIn , Amazon and others hold a treasure trove of personal information about consumers . If third-party players are able to run apps and programs across multiple platforms , seeing 50 million accounts being harvested on Facebook may wind up being the tip of the iceberg . Everyone is vulnerable .
Facebook 's VP & Deputy General Counsel , Paul Grewal , took to Facebook to update their post , Suspending Cambridge Analytica and SCL Group from Facebook , with this on March 17th : “ The claim that this is a data breach is completely false . Aleksandr Kogan requested and gained access to information from users who chose to sign up to their app , and everyone involved gave their consent . People knowingly provided their information , no systems were infiltrated , and no passwords or sensitive pieces of information were stolen or hacked . ”
You will need to re-read that last paragraph a few times . It 's not about whether or not users knowingly provided their information . Users — without a doubt — were probably clueless that this app was taking much more from them than a personality quiz . It scraped their profiles and the profiles of their friends . So , while SCL may have “ legally ” used an app to access this information , it does not mean that they did n't do anything morally wrong , or that Facebook 's “ legal ” terms of service at the time were not vulnerable .
Where do we go from here ?
The true business challenge is that consumer 's data is being used in myriad ways that they are not aware of . Consumers have little insight and recourse in understanding what data is held , how it is being used and where that data may be floating around . In all of this news about Cambridge Analytica , it is still unclear how much advertising revenue that company drove to Facebook . If consumers even did read the terms of service when signing up for a platform like Facebook , it is more than likely that they did n't keep abreast as these platforms change and adjust their terms of service .
Is this strictly the user 's fault if they 're not staying apprised ? Facebook and other social networks often allow third parties to connect with the consumer , and while this makes for a better user experience ( you get ads for things you 're interested in ) , we ca n't be certain that users understand how that data is sold and resold . What happens when many of these third party apps and companies go bankrupt ? Are the consumer data assets being reused and resold ? Do consumers have a right to know if that has happened and stop it ?
Facebook , like you , is trying to stay ahead of this
This Cambridge Analytica fiasco highlights some of the dynamic challenges that businesses face today . How can Facebook protect a business ( and a user 's ) the best interest ? The truth is that Facebook knows way more than they need to know about their users in order to best target them with relevant content and advertising .
While this current data imbroglio started playing out in 2015 , why are most people only finding out about this now ? Should every misuse of Facebook data be made readily available to the people whose data have been misused ? These are all monstrously large ethical , legal and business questions that will need to answered and accounted for .
The better business question might be : just how much data does a brand really need to ideally target a consumer with a relevant message ? Does that mean that every byte of information after that point should never be in a place where it can be passed along or analyzed ? Until Facebook and the other digital marketing data giants can prove that they can police themselves , brands have an incredible opportunity to step up , move forward and properly protect their consumers and the people that they want as new consumers .
MORE ABOUT PRIVACY :
Group accuse Buhari of sponsoring Biafran agitation
A pro-Biafra group , Salvation People , SP , said President Muhammadu Buhari is unwittingly sponsoring renewed agitations for Biafra by sideling the people of the South-East in appointments and citing of development projects . A statement signed by their leader , Osita Chukwuaganarinam , posited that had Buhari been fair to Ndigbo in appointments and citing of development projects , the [ … ]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot : Nigerian Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WARSAW , Poland — A spokesperson for Poland 's Navy says that three Russian-made submarine signalling missiles have been found in recent days at different locations on Poland 's Baltic Sea beaches .
Speaking from a Navy base in Gdynia , Cmdr . Radoslaw Pioch said Wednesday the missiles came from a submarine type Kilo , made in Russia . They were found at two locations on the Hel Peninsula and on the Sobieszewska Island , within the Bay of Gdansk area that borders Russia 's Kaliningrad region with its military port .
Sappers have removed two of them and are searching for the third one . It was not clear when they got to the beaches but could be a remainder from exercise , Pioch said .
Signalling missiles are fired by emerging submarines when they want to mark their location .
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - One person was killed in a crash early Saturday morning in the Hallmark neighborhood .
The incident happened in the 2700 block Algonquin Parkway near Beech Street around 4:20 a.m. , MetroSafe said .
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app : Apple | Android
+ Weather app : Apple | Android
LMPD Spokesperson Dwight Mitchell confirmed that the vehicle was traveling east on Algonquin when the driver , a man , lost control and hit a tree . The driver was pronounced dead at the scene .
The passenger , also a man , was taken to University Hospital in critical condition , Mitchell said .
LMPD 's Traffic Unit is investigating .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
“ I dumped my boyfriend at 17 for a man older than my dad and our s * x life is amazing , ” -Young Lady reveals
A teenager has revealed how they broke up with their 17-year-old boyfriend to date a 44-year-old man older than their father and insists their sex life is “ extravagant ” .
Avalon Garvey , now 19 , was in sixth form in Bradford , West Yorkshire , when they first met 44-year-old Doug Traser , from San Francisco , California , in an online forum in June 2016 .
Doug was 29 years their senior and older than their own dad .
However , despite their age difference , Avalon and Doug hit it off immediately while discussing their love of music .
Avalon , who is now in first year studying fine art at university in York , North Yorkshire , said they were seeing someone their own age when they first met Doug .
They said :
“ For three years I had seen this person , but I was n't really into it and so I eventually ended things with this boyfriend . ”
“ It was going down a rocky path . It was very difficult to tell them I was n't seeing them anymore . ”
Doug , who works in IT , was honest about their age and location .
An optimistic Avalon said :
“ When I first messaged him , they confronted me with their age and straight away and told me they had kids . So , I did know about their age straight away , but it was never intended to be anything but a friendship . We were just looking for some kind of escape .
“ But we just found each other , and now – here we are , years later , and so happy . ”
A few months after they began chatting online , Doug flew to Leeds , West Yorkshire , where they met 17-year-old Avalon . For Avalon , it was love at first sight and they had sex for the first time on that trip .
“ I knew I loved them as soon as I saw him , ” they explained . “ I was 17 . 16 was the age you could legally have sex , so it was completely legal . ”
Describing their sex life , they said : “ When we are together it is extravagant , it is good . They know what they are doing , I am happy . ”
Now the couple meet every other month , with them flying to California and them to the UK . Them mum has met and likes him , and they have been introduced to their children from their two previous marriages , who are aged 24 , 22 , and 12 .
They explained : “ At first there was a lot of judgement . At uni I did n't know anybody and I decided I was going to be 100 per cent honest . I was going to say , ‘ This is who I am , this is who I love . ' Now , I have the best friends , who accept it all . ”
I friends at university have also met Doug and they like him .
“ They went on a night out , they were there and it was n't awkward at all , ” they said .
But there are times when Doug gets mistaken for them dad .
Avalon recalls : “ There was one time , we were in California , and I was giving a waiter a tip . They said ‘ is that your dad ? ' But I do n't care what people think . It 's my relationship , it is not a random person 's relationship . I get stares and I will rub it in their face and give them a cuddle . I am happy so why does it matter what anyone else thinks ? ”
Speaking of their relationship , Doug said : “ We want the world to know that our relationship is something absolutely wonderful to us . ”
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post “ I dumped my boyfriend at 17 for a man older than my dad and our s * x life is amazing , ” -Young Lady reveals appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – Repetitive calls to the Youngstown Fire Department from a certain few locations could soon be contributing to the city 's general fund .
Youngstown City Council has to have a finalized budget by next Monday . The problem ? Eliminating a million-dollar deficit . So the city is taking a magnifying glass to its budget and making decisions about what to cut .
Monday night , leaders met with the heads of the three largest departments — street , fire and police — to really look into how much money each gets .
The fire and police departments agreed to cut overtime for employees . Fire will also eliminate a secretary .
But the fire department did n't stop there . It may actually be able to bring in money — through repetitive calls .
“ In 2017 , we had 109 calls just to University Edge — all of them false , ” said Youngstown Fire Chief Barry Finley .
The Flats at Wick and St. Elizabeth Hospital are others . Chief Finley said firefighters respond time and time again .
“ Everybody in this county and everybody in this state charges…when our inspectors have to go out to inspect a building and come back , they should be charging for it and we 're not . ”
By January of 2019 , the department wants these excessive calls to come with fines .
“ We have to take into consideration , that 's manpower on a truck . That 's a truck , that 's wear and tear on everything , ” Finley said .
How much ? They do n't know yet .
Fines could help to generate a good amount of income for the city , but Finley expects backlash .
“ The mayor is probably going to be getting a phone call from — is probably Jim Tressel and probably the president , CEO of St. E 's , ” they said .
City council leaders ran into some problems with the police budget because the department is actually over budget . YPD is using traffic cameras and it 's bringing in a good chunk of change .
“ Our experience is going to be about $ 700,000 to $ 750,000 annually , ” Chief Robin Lees said .
They say it 's making roadways safer while making the city some money . Leis hopes to put that money back into the department and its programs .
“ Fleet replacement . We need to buy about six new cars a year , ” they said .
Council and police officials , along with the city finance director , will work to figure out exactly how much money is left and where it will go .
When it came to the street department and public works , everyone was on the same page with the budget cuts — $ 40,000 will be cut for mowing grass .
On Tuesday , council will meet with the mayor 's office and downtown events budget . Council members were not happy with proposed cuts to the entertainment budget .
Marcia Love
Whitecourt Star
The wildfire risk is low in the Whitecourt area , but Alberta Wildfire is still asking residents to take precautions when burning this winter .
If you ignite a fire and it causes a wildfire , you are responsible for it , the province warned .
A fire permit is not required for burning within the Forest Protection Area of Alberta from Oct. 31 - Feb. 28 . But those planning a burn should contact the Whitecourt Forest Area at 780-778-7272 to notify authorities of the start and end dates of the burn .
Fires can smoulder in the winter , particularly if they are in organic soils with a lot of fine fuel for them to burn in , Alberta Wildfire reported . Even though temperatures are low and the material is covered in snow , it can burn all winter and into the spring . When it is exposed to higher temperatures and wind in the spring , it can create the potential for it to flare-up and surface as a wildfire , quickly growing and spreading in dead , dry grass .
Temperature , relative humidity , wind and precipitation all have an impact on how dry forest fuels are at any time of the year . In a patch of snow-free grass in -30 C , the grass provides a dry fuel that is susceptible to a wildfire that could be driven by high winds . Despite the lower temperature , a lack of precipitation and generally drier winter air can cause the grass to ignite , Alberta Wildfire said .
To prevent a wildfire this winter , residents are asked to prepare their site , report it , control it and check it .
Choose a location on high ground where the pile to be burned can be at least 25 metres away from trees and structures . Surround the pile with a fireguard at least 15 metres wide — preferably bare , mineral soil .
Check the weather forecast for wind speed and the possibility of temperature inversions . Low winds and temperatures will help to minimize the build-up of smoke during the burn , reducing the amount drifting to neighbouring properties .
Contact the Whitecourt Forest Area to report the start and end dates of your burn , as well as a description of materials to be burned and the legal land description .
Ensure the site is monitored the entire time and have adequate tools , water and equipment on site when burning . If the fire gets out of control , immediately call the Whitecourt Forest Area at 780-778-7272 .
After the burn is complete , spread out the remaining material within the pile , then soak the area and ensure both heat and smoke are no longer being produced by the pile . It should be cool to the touch .
Check the burn site multiple times in the following weeks to ensure it has not reignited .
For more information on winter burns , visit wildfire.alberta.ca
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Crawley teenager has been sentenced for sex offences which took place when they were 14 years old .
The boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , was sentenced on December 1 after appearing at Crawley Youth Court .
Now 16 , the boy was referred to the West Sussex youth offenders panel for 12 months , after pleading guilty to four offences which involved three girls who they went to school with .
They engaged in sexual activity with one of the girls , and incited all three to send indecent images of themselves to him , two of whom did so , including the girl with whom they engaged in sexual activity .
At the times of the offences all four teenagers were aged between 13 and 14 .
Crawley woman returns home to find a burglar sat in their garden
Detective Constable Dani Flude , of the West Sussex Safeguarding Investigations Unit , said : `` This was a distressing case in which the boy engaged in relationships with the three girls for some time , intimidating two into sending topless photos and engaging in unwanted sexual activity with one of them .
`` His behaviour and messaging became increasingly frequent , sexual and coercive and only when one of the girls finally confided in their mother were we informed so that an investigation could take place .
`` Young people need to be assured that they do not have to accept this type of criminal behaviour .
`` Speak to parents , guardians and ensure we are told . We will always investigate and take action wherever possible , and can help you get more advice and support . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chester triathletes and friends turned out in their numbers on Good Friday to participate in cycle rides in aid of club-mate Peter Fabian .
Peter Fabian , 62 , who lives in Hoole , was an active member of Chester Triathlon Club , Chester Road Club and Total Fitness before suffering a catastrophic stroke while training a year ago .
This left them with a dense right sided weakness along with speech and communication difficulties that have meant big lifestyle changes .
However , they are working hard to regain activity in these areas with the help of professionals and friends and there are encouraging developments as the months go on .
“ A massive amount of work has been done with Peter in the last 12 months and they have surpassed expectations in their recovery , culminating in them walking their daughter down the aisle in September , ” says Linda Worrall who , with husband Mark , has been organising the fundraising for their friend .
“ However , there is still a long and difficult road ahead to further improve their mobility and verbal communication . It 's in both of these areas of their rehabilitation that the NHS support has considerably reduced and future support will need funding .
“ This is where Mark and I want to support Peter and their wife Deri in raising funds which will allow Peter to continue to improve their communication skills and mobility . As part of the fundraising campaign we are competing in the Ironman Copenhagen in August and there will be further fundraising events going forward . ”
People are invited to make donations to Peter via https : //www.justgiving.com/fundraising/LindaandMarkWorrall .
Cycle rides of either 77 or 50 miles were undertaken with the cyclists later enjoying post-biking refreshments with Peter and Deri at Hobson 's Café in Hoole .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An Elvis Tribute Night at the Cheshire View has raised £1,200 for the Critical Care Unit at the Countess of Chester Hospital .
The event was organised by Jonathan and Angela Smith in memory of their son Paul who died in 2009 aged 28 . This event now takes their fundraising total up to nearly £20,000 .
Paul 's dad Jonathan wanted to thank a number of people who helped make the event such a success .
They said : “ In particular Paul Larcombe , who put on a fantastic show as Elvis on the night , the impressive Cheshire View venue in Christleton , all the donations from Speedy Service Ltd , Premier Plants of Ledsham and other local businesses and all the friends and family who attended and helped make the night such fun . I would particularly like to thank my wife Angela , daughter Vicky and their husband Peter , for their support . ”
Community and events fundraiser at the Countess Kathy Kenney said : “ We are very grateful for the continued support of Jonathan and their family . All sorts of fundraising have been undertaken , golf days , fancy dress evenings and now a super fun Elvis Tribute Night – all of which have been a great success .
“ Their fundraising has helped purchase additional equipment to support the care of patients in our Critical Care Unit . ”
JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice in 2017 UTME
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board ( JAMB ) has blacklisted 48 Computer-Based Test ( CBT ) centres over their involvement in extortion and organised examination malpractices during the 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination ( UTME ) .
JAMB 's Registrar , Prof. Is-haq Oloyede , made the disclosure on Wednesday in Abuja at a news conference at the end of an enlarged meeting with external examiners and other stakeholders in the conduct of the 2017 UTME .
Oloyede , who also announced the cancellation of the results of 59,698 candidates who sat for the examination , said another 24 CBT centres had been suspended for one year for failing to live up to expectations .
“ The ( 24 CBT ) centres will not participate in the 2018 UTME , but they can be reconsidered for 2019 and above .
“ The delisting of 48 centres from participating in the board 's examination in future is as a result of serious technical deficiencies , extortion , organised examination malpractices and other damaging infractions . ”
They said that JAMB had fixed July 1 , 2017 as the date for supplementary examination for candidates who registered late for this year 's UTME .
Oloyede added that some of the candidates whose results were cancelled , would also take part in the rescheduled exam .
The JAMB boss said the decision to allow the candidates sit for the rescheduled examination was reached after a thorough review of all the reports that emanated from their centres .
According to him , 1,386 candidates have their results cancelled over examination malpractice ; 57,646 results were also affected as a result of centres-induced malpractices while the results of 666 candidates were cancelled due to multiple examinations .
They listed the categories of candidates whose results were cancelled but would take part in the rescheduled examination to include candidates of centres with mass malpractices but who are deemed innocent , biometric non-verification machine related issues .
Others include technical and log out issues , late registration , incomplete results and candidates who lost examination sessions due to malfunctioning of servers at the affected centre .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Many may recall the news in February of Beit Shemesh father of 9 Eliyahu Klatzkin . Klatzkin was diagnosed in 2016 with an aggressive case of cancer . For many months , the family fought for their survival , including flying to the United States to undergo extensive surgery to remove two cancerous tumors . The tumors were removed , but the illness tragically remained , Klatzkin returned to Israel to begin what was then their only hope : medication which was not covered by the national insurance .
Thus began the family 's terrifying monthly race , to acquire the $ 14,000 per month necessary to procure the life-prolonging medication . In a desperate appeal to the public , Eliyahu 's wife pleaded : “ Our kids need their Abba back. ” The ‘ race , ' however , was not won .
We are pained to report that on Monday of this week , July 2nd , Eliyahu lost their battle with cancer . 9 children are sitting shiva now in their Beit Shemesh home . The youngest is just one year old .
A friend of the family recalls the bris of the youngest , which took place in a time when most knew that Eliyahu 's survival was unlikely :
“ There was n't a dry eye as Reb Eliyahu was Sandek of their newborn son , ” they write , “ as everyone was thinking about the poor child , doomed to a life without a father , a life without anyone to walk them to Shul , a life with no one to learn with them at Avos Ubanim . ”
An emergency fund has been started on the widow 's behalf . Mrs. Klatzkin is now on their own with a large family , and deeply burdened by immense medical debt , as well as the other expenses which went unpaid during their period of financial strain . During their lifetime , Rabbi Klatzkin took pride in providing for their family . Now , donations are being saved to help their wife pick up the pieces .
The campaign 's goal is to allow the young mother to mourn their husband in peace , and to provide a stable future for themselves and their children .
CLICK HERE TO SEE THE FULL CAMPAIGN
Rajah Banerjee calls it quits , partner to get full control
Darjeeling : The “ Rajah ” of Darjeeling tea has given up their crown .
Swaraj Kumar Banerjee , more famous as Rajah Banerjee who was as big a brand as their Makaibari tea , on Friday said they would sell their remaining stake in the marquee garden .
The decision to hang up their planter 's boots and bring wrap up a four-generation legacy came exactly a year after Banerjee 's ancestral bungalow in the nearly 1,600-acre garden , a veritable treasure trove , was gutted in a fire .
“ Today , exactly a year after my ancestral bungalow was gutted , I have decided to exit Makaibari , ” the 70-year-old told The Telegraph in their Siliguri office .
Rajah had parted with much of their stake in Makaibari Tea and Trade Company under a strategic partnership forged with the Calcutta-based Luxmi Group in 2013 , retaining only 12 per cent that they will now give up .
“ I have decided to give up all my shares to my partners and I wish them ( the Luxmi group ) the very best , ” said Rajah , the only owner to stay in their garden in Darjeeling .
Asked when they started their career as a planter , Rajah 's reply personified the man : “ I first fell off the horse when I was 23 years old. ” Rajah 's great grandfather Girish Chandra Banerjee , the scion of a zamindar family from Borai , around 100km from Calcutta , had taken over the garden in 1859 .
Under Rajah 's flight attendantship , Makaibari 's Silver Tips Imperial was sold at Rs 1.17 lakh per kg in 2014 . When Prime Minister Narendra Modi called on Queen Elizabeth at the Buckingham Palace in 2016 , they had gifted them a packet of Makaibari tea .
The brew from Makaibari – which produces around 1 lakh kg of tea annually – was also served to participants and staff of the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2014 Fifa World Cup in Brazil .
“ A few years back , I had a life-threatening health problem . I wanted to make the women workers , who account for two-thirds of the ( 636 ) staff , but they were not yet ready . Hence , I had to go with other planters , ” said Rajah .
The final straw was the bungalow fire . “ Everything was lost . I had a Samurai sword valued at $ 2 million ( Rs 13 crore ) among many artefacts and memorabilia . Perhaps , the incident was a signal from the heavens that I had to go , ” said Raja , whose two sons are not into the tea business . One is settled in the US and the other in Bangalore , working for an MNC .
Asked if they would miss Makaibari , Rajah said : “ Of course . It was my soul . How can you not miss your soul ? ” Chinta and Mani , their two horses now in Siliguri , will probably miss the garden , too .
But it might not be the final farewell yet . “ A property is being developed at the garden by the Ambujas and I have plans to build a bamboo cottage there . It will take some time but I will stay there , ” said Rajah .
After 47 years as a planter , Rajah let out a secret . “ I am not a tea planter but I have always been a tree planter . Of the 1,573 acres at Makaibari , we grew tea only on 550 acres . In the rest , we only planted trees , ” they said , adding tigers and leopards were occasionally spotted in the garden .
[ Via : The Telegraph ]
2,472 total views , 114 views today
Comments
comments
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — A counter-terrorism security expert said the capture of a suspect in today 's underground explosion at the Port Authority Bus Terminal could provide investigators with new information about potential conspiracies against the safety of New Yorkers and if a specific organization was behind today 's incident .
Monday 's pipe bomb blast left four people injured , including the suspect said to have been wearing a secondary explosive device .
“ This is something that is a game changer , ” said security expert Manny Gomez . “ If we 're going to have suicide bombers here like we 've had overseas , that is going to be a problem because obviously… that 's never happened in the continental U.S . If they are successful in recruiting suicide bombers , we 're going to have a problem . ”
“ Now ( police ) have what was one of their worst fears : A bomber who is clearly prepared to take their own life to take as many other people as possible , ” they said .
The suspect has been identified as Akayed Ullah , 27 , who was wearing an improvised explosive device , Police Commissioner James O'Neill said . Ullah is from Bangladesh and was living in Brooklyn .
Gomez said investigators will now be interviewing Ullah 's friends and family as well as looking at international contacts .
“ This is happening as we speak , fortunately we got this person alive , we will very quickly be able to identify who they are… to ascertain if this person had other people working with them and if there is a possibility of a conspiracy , ” they said .
The fact one of the explosive devices was taken intact before being detonated will provide investigators with a wealth of information , Gomez said .
“ The investigation is obviously tell by the forensics of the explosive device how sophisticated it is , how the wiring and types of materials are used in the pipe bomb , ” they said . “ That in and of itself will determine if this person helped in the creation of this bomb , the signature of the bomb itself will tell us what organization – perhaps even what terrorist bomb maker was the person who invented this bomb… That will tell us if this bomb was given to them by an outside source , or was they able to make this bomb himself . ”
“ A lot of these bombing attempts are thwarted on their own due to premature explosions , things of that nature – but these things do go on internationally , ” Gomez said . “ If this shows there are more that are coming , that 's going to be a problem for the city .
Hopefully this not what is preliminarily appears to be . ”
Gomez is a former special agent with the FBI who investigated terrorism and espionage cases as an agent in the National Security Division . They are also a former sergeant in the NYPD .
LOS ANGELES — The Latest on sexual misconduct allegations against actor Steven Seagal ( all times local ) :
1:15 p.m .
A lawyer for Steven Seagal says the actor adamantly denies sexual assault allegations made by two women against the action star .
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference Monday that Seagal toucher them sexually without their consent in 2002 when they were 17 , and Regina Simons said Seagal assaulted them in 1995 when they were 18 .
Seagal 's attorney Anthony Falangetti said later Monday that the accounts of both women are “ completely fictitious and totally made up . ”
They say the allegations are a disservice to women who are victimized because of real predators in the film industry .
The women are the latest of several who have come forward in recent months to accuse the 65-year-old action actor of sexual misconduct . They have denied all of the allegations .
——
11:30 a.m .
An aspiring actor says they were 17 when actor Steven Seagal sexually assaulted them during a supposed casting session in 2002 .
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference Monday that they had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when they were invited to a Beverly Hills hotel room to audition for Seagal for a film they planned to make about Genghis Khan .
The 33-year-old former model says only Seagal and their bodyguard were in the room when the actor reached under their bikini top and then grabbed their genitals .
Dadis said they ended the audition and immediately left . They say they feared being blacklisted if they reported Seagal , and only recently filed a police report . Los Angeles County prosecutors say they are reviewing the case .
Seagal 's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment .
Now even if the XenApp Express “ Essentials ” has n't been released yet , there are some tiny bits of information available , and the piece I 'm going to talk about is remote access . So let us picture the regular Citrix Cloud setup where we have our management plane in Citrix Cloud and we have our NetScaler ( or NetSCaler Gateway on-premises )
So all communication between our end-users and our Desktop / Servers are being proxied via the NetScaler . Now if we look at the Citrix Cloud pricing we can notice that ICA Proxy VPX 's ( Two Platform licenses per subscription so we can setup a HA pair ) are included as part of the pricing https : //www.citrix.com/products/citrix-cloud/buy.html
Now managing a NetScaler is a bit time consuming and requires some specialized knowledge to setup and maintain . It also requires a digital certificate and an public IP of sorts to endpoints can communicate with it externally .
Read the entire article here , Remote Access to XenApp Express / Essentials
via Marius Sandbu .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Liverpool owner John W. Henry was left `` bitching '' because they thought they had overpaid for `` unbelievable bargain '' Mohamed Salah , according to Roma president James Pallotta .
Salah joined Liverpool in June for an initial €43million , which could rise to €50m , and has gone on to enjoy a sensational first season at Anfield .
The Egypt international has netted 31 times in just 33 Premier League appearances , equalling the record for the most goals scored in a 38-game season .
They have also scored nine in 12 Champions League outings , playing a vital role in Liverpool 's charge to the last four .
Up next is a date with their former employers Roma and the Italian club 's owner , American business person Pallotta , says their compatriot Henry was convinced they had paid over the odds for Salah when the deal was struck .
LIVERPOOL SALAH VS. ROMA SALAH : BY THE NUMBERS
Speaking to ESPN , Pallotta said : `` He was sort of bitching a little about , 'Did we overpay ? I think we overpaid . ' And I said , ' I 'll buy you lunch . ' ''
And although Pallotta now recognises the deal to have been a `` bargain '' for Liverpool , they accept Roma 's hands were tied because Salah had just one year left on their contract .
`` When you look at it now , you can say it 's an unbelievable bargain , '' they said . `` The issue at the time was that when Monchi [ Roma 's sporting director ] came in , Salah wanted to leave . They had a year left on their contract so in another year you 'd get nothing .
`` He wanted to go back [ to the Premier League ] and prove himself , which they certainly have done .
DI FRANCESCO : SALAH ? I 'VE GOT UNDER
`` We ca n't tell you that anybody else was calling for Salah at anywhere near that kind of price , so there are a lot of teams that have missed out on the great play he 's had this year . ''
TEHRAN , Iran — Iranian state TV says police have arrested a man who was hoarding two tons of gold coins in order to manipulate the market .
The Wednesday report quotes Tehran police chief Gen. Hossein Rahimi as saying the 58-year-old suspect had accomplices who helped them collect the coins over the past 10 months . They did not identify the suspect , who state media referred to as the “ Sultan of Coins . ”
Two tons would be the equivalent of around 250,000 coins .
Iranians have stocked up on gold coins and other safe haven investments as the local currency has plummeted in recent months . The Iranian rial has plunged to 90,000 to the dollar — double the government rate of 42,000 .
On the night of Nov. 14 , Roy Moore 's campaign for an Alabama Senate seat looked all but finished .
After five women came forward with accounts of Moore 's alleged sexual misconduct with them as teenagers , including one who was 14 years old , the GOP candidate was abandoned by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and many Republicans in Congress , and the Republican National Committee cut off their funding .
But it was an ultimatum from Fox News host Sean Hannity , delivered on their Nov. 14 broadcast , that posed the direst threat . “ For me , the judge has 24 hours , ” Hannity told their viewers , after excoriating Moore . “ You must immediately and fully come up with a satisfactory explanation for your inconsistencies. ” They added , “ If you ca n't do this , then Judge Moore needs to get out of the race. ” In 2017 , a Republican candidate can overcome disapproval from party leaders , but losing the conservative media is usually fatal .
Four weeks later , Moore 's situation has entirely turned around : They not only survived , but leads their Democratic opponent in most polls . President Donald Trump has forcefully endorsed him . The RNC restored their funding . McConnell stopped saying they should quit and now says the people of Alabama should decide their fate . Most Republican voters there have decided the allegations are false : A CBS News poll found that 71 percent do n't believe them . Hannity , too , is back in the fold and a big reason why Moore received a hero 's welcome at a Dec. 5 barn rally in Fairhope , Alabama .
Rather than bury Moore , conservative media resurrected them — and the party followed . It did so thanks largely to the influence of the man who introduced Moore in Fairhope : Steve Bannon . “ The whole thing was a setup , right ? ” the former White House chief strategist told the roaring crowd .
Through their staff at Breitbart News , their talk radio show , and their allies in politics and media — Hannity among them — Bannon has worked harder than perhaps anyone else to sow doubt about the accusations against Moore and to push the claim that their accusers are lying . In doing so , he 's illustrated the growing power of conservative media to shape the perceptions of Republican voters , something that may keep Alabama 's Senate seat in Republican hands when polls open on Tuesday .
No one appreciates Bannon 's efforts more than the candidate only recently left for dead . “ He 's the counter to the ‘ fake news ' — he 's been a stalwart , ” says Roy Moore . “ It 's helped us a lot . He 's the master strategist . ”
Bannon 's efforts to save Moore from the fallout from the first Washington Post story laying out the accusations predate its publication on Nov. 9 . Tipped by the Moore campaign , Breitbart News published word of its impending arrival in an article intended to undermine the charges by Leigh Corfman that Moore initiated a sexual encounter with them when they were 14 . That did little to blunt Republican outrage in Congress or the White House . Although Trump was traveling abroad and did n't comment , aide Kellyanne Conway said the behavior attributed to Moore “ would be disqualifying for anyone in public office . ”
Bannon dispatched Breitbart reporters to Alabama to discredit the Post story . They were so certain they would turn up evidence of collusion and unravel the Post story that they publicly predicted as much during a Nov. 10 speech in South Carolina . “ They 're finding some collusion going on in stories about Judge Moore , ” they said , while accepting the Citadel Republican Society 's Nathan Hale Patriot Award . “ I think you 'll see tomorrow . ”
Evidence of collusion between Moore 's accusers and the press never materialized . Instead , Moore 's situation worsened , not least because of an interview they gave to Hannity 's radio show that same day . Asked if they had pursued teenage girls as a grown man , Moore replied , “ generally , no ” but added that he 'd “ dated a lot of young ladies , ” had known some of their accusers , and “ if we did go on dates , then we did. ” The performance did n't help their cause . Ivanka Trump , the president 's daughter , told the Associated Press , “ There 's a special place in hell for people who prey on children . ”
Even so , Bannon was most alarmed by Hannity 's ultimatum to Moore and moved to intervene , according to three people familiar with their actions . Along with Breitbart 's Washington editor , Matthew Boyle , they besieged the Fox News host with phone calls and texts . Bannon , who recently told the New York Times that Hannity is “ the single most important voice for the ‘ deplorables ' ” — their term for Trump supporters — asked the Fox host not to call on Moore to withdraw and instead to let Alabama voters decide , said people familiar with Bannon 's activities .
One of the people said Hannity was skeptical , but willing to listen . The person said Hannity texted Boyle , “ You pull this off it 's a f— miracle. ” Hannity declined to comment on the text . Through a spokesperson , they denied that they were pressured by anyone .
Moore 's campaign also raced to convince Hannity within their 24-hour window , issuing a public memo — addressed “ Dear Sean ” — that sought to rebut the women 's allegations . “ Sean is very important , ” says Dean Young , Moore 's chief political strategist . “ He 's a well-respected guy and we think he 's an honest man . Judge Moore is an honest guy , too , and wanted to be as clear as possible . ”
The pressure campaign paid off . Even as three new accusers came forward , Hannity declared themselves satisfied with Moore 's response . “ I lived in Alabama , ” they said . “ I know these people . They 're smart , they 're great Americans — God , family , faith , country . I am very confident that when everything comes out , they will make the best decision for their state . ”
It was Bannon 's message precisely . And it gave Moore the reprieve they desperately needed . The pressure to quit the race stopped building . “ Steve has been a voice for the conservative movement in turning this around , ” Kayla Moore , the judge 's wife , said backstage at the Fairhope rally .
Bannon worked to create a counter-narrative that ultimately would change many Republicans ' perception of the scandal . A former filmmaker , he 's long been captivated by the propaganda films of Leni Riefenstahl , the Nazi filmmaker , and the Soviet director Sergei Eisenstein for their power to shape public sentiment . Earlier this year , Bannon told the New Yorker 's Jane Mayer their 2012 anti-Obama film “ The Hope and the Change , ” had consciously mimicked Riefenstahl 's infamous , “ Triumph of the Will. ” Them film , they added , “ seared into me ” that unhappy voters could be influenced if they felt they were being conned .
“ Riefenstahl and Eisenstein both created an image of their nation that coalesced in the minds of citizens and shaped public opinion through narratives , which is essentially what Bannon is doing in politics , ” says Nadia Szold , a filmmaker and documentarian who has studied Bannon 's films and discussed their influences with him . “ They all evoke emotions like nostalgia , patriotism or paranoia that strengthen a collective sentiment . ”
In the run-up to the presidential campaign , Bannon 's narrative-building energies were chiefly directed at the mainstream media . They helped conceive and produce the book “ Clinton Cash ” as a way of injecting negative storylines about Hillary Clinton into major outlets like the New York Times and the Washington Post to discourage potential Clinton voters and grease the skids for the Republican nominee .
In Alabama , however , Bannon needed to move Republican voters , which entailed exerting a different , more direct influence . Early on , they sent two top Breitbart editors , Boyle and Aaron Klein , to attack Moore 's critics and churn out a fusillade of stories designed to raise doubts about the motives of Moore 's accusers and the mainstream reporters covering them . The general theme , Boyle explains , was that the whole thing was a Democratic ruse abetted by a compliant liberal press : “ This was a missile launched at the conservative movement by the mainstream media . ”
An ardent believer in the power of talk radio , Bannon turned their daily SiriusXM radio show into the broadcasting hub of the Moore counter-narrative that was fast emerging . It disseminated Breitbart 's stories across the conservative universe , parts of which remained committed to opposing Moore . “ Our voters turn to the conservative media — or what people thought was conservative — because the rest of it is fake news , ” says Young . “ That includes Fox News , which follows Mitch McConnell 's lead . Hannity is a bright spot there , but Fox News has gotten more liberal . ”
Local talk radio was especially important because it reached voters who would decide Moore 's fate . Bannon sent their reporters to appear as guests .
“ Without Bannon and Breitbart , it would have been almost impossible for us to get the message out there , ” says Scott Beason , a conservative radio host whose show broadcasts weekdays on the SuperStation FM 101.1 and blankets the Huntsville and Birmingham markets . “ They had a big effect . They 're giving people information that 's not making it into our local reports , that gave us a reference point to refute these stories and say , ‘ Here 's the part you do n't know . ' And that often flips the situation on its head and changes people 's minds . I really believe because of the work they did that that 's how Roy Moore is going to be able to get over the hump on Tuesday . ”
Although support for Moore fell sharply after the sexual misconduct allegations , it has gradually returned , something Beason attributes to four weeks of steady bludgeoning that Bannon 's operation has administered to Moore 's accusers and the mainstream press . “ Not everybody listens to my radio show , ” they say . “ It took time to get the message out so people were hearing these things . My listeners go to the gym , or the ballpark , or Sunday school , and say , ‘ Did you hear what Scott said ? ' ”
And while Moore could n't count on Fox News to supply laudatory coverage , their campaign found a conservative alternative , the One America Network , an upstart competitor to Fox that had multiple crews in Alabama throughout the primary . “ For us , as a network that 's continuing to grow , it was very important to our leadership that we could be a serious media organization on the ground in Alabama , ” says Trey Yingst , OAN 's White House correspondent .
“ They 've gained momentum down here , I heard more and more about them , ” Young said of OAN . “ We get treated fairly there . When we want to get the real story out , we do it through the real conservative media. ” Both Moore and their wife , Kayla , were made available to OAN for interviews , while Yingst landed an exclusive interview with Bannon after the Fairhope rally .
Throughout Moore 's scandal , Trump , who had n't weighed in , loomed as the ultimate determiner of the candidate 's fate . According to three people familiar with their actions , Bannon made calls to Trump and Nick Ayers , chief of staff to Vice President Mike Pence , urging them to withhold public comment and let the people of Alabama decide whether Moore belonged in the Senate . The Daily Beast reported that Conway also pushed the president not to condemn Moore .
Trump , an avid consumer of conservative media , especially Hannity 's show , was willing to go much further . On Nov. 26 , they attacked Moore 's Democratic opponent , Doug Jones , on Twitter : “ The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime , WEAK on the Border , Bad for our Military and our great Vets , Bad for our 2nd Amendment , AND WANTS TO Raise TAXES TO THE SKY . Jones would be a disaster ! ” On Dec. 4 , Trump called Moore to bestow their endorsement , then tweeted , “ Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama , ” adding “ No to Jones , a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet ! ”
With Trump aboard , the RNC quickly followed suit and restored funding to Moore 's campaign — news that first appeared in Breitbart . “ We stand with the president , ” a senior RNC official told the website .
The next evening , rain poured down on the barn at Oak Hollow Farm , in Fairhope , where Bannon and Moore were scheduled to headline a rally . Inside , amid all the Americana , homemade signs celebrated Breitbart News ( “ Who 's Your News Daddy/Breitbart # 1/Not Fake ” ) , with colorful pennants devoted to Bannon and Boyle . The Chestang Bluegrass Gospel band gave way to a series of conservative speakers , who lambasted the “ fake news ” media to rapturous applause .
Bannon , who has toured the country delivering populist stem-winders , painted Tuesday 's election as pivotal in the battle against McConnell and the Moore 's accusers . “ Do n't let them take your voice away ! ” they told the crowd .
As Moore began speaking , Bannon ducked backstage to sit for an interview with OAN . Then they picked up a headset and joined a live broadcast of their SiriusXM talk-radio show , fighting to be heard above the noise of the crowd . Since the scandal broke , Moore had all but vanished from TV and radio , leaving others to defend him . But as soon as they stepped off the stage , they were ushered through a door and handed a headset , so they could join Bannon 's broadcast already in progress .
Copyright 2017 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
AUDIE CORNISH , HOST :
A jury has ruled in favor of pop superstar Taylor Swift in a high-profile case in Denver . A radio DJ sued Taylor Swift , their mother and their manager for falsely accusing them of assault and getting them fired from their job . Swift countersued for a dollar , saying the DJ put their hand up their skirt and groped them during a photo op . The case got attention from advocates of survivors of sexual assault , who are praising Swift 's frank and unapologetic stand . A language warning here for listeners as we recount some of that testimony .
NPR 's Leila Fadel is outside the court and joins us now from Denver . And , Leila , this seems like a pretty quick verdict from this jury . Remind us the details of this case .
LEILA FADEL , BYLINE : Well , David Mueller , a radio disc jockey here in Denver , was suing Taylor Swift , their mother and their manager for radio , Frank Bell , saying that they were falsely accused of groping Swift , and they lost their job over that . Taylor Swift was dismissed from the case as a defendant on Friday . The judge said there was insufficient evidence that they acted improperly when making that accusation .
So today they lost their case with defendants being their mother and their manager . They were suing for $ 2.98 million in damages . Meanwhile , the countersuit by Taylor Swift in which they sued Mueller for just $ 1 for assault and battery , the jury found that they were in fact assaulted and they suffered battery . And they got that $ 1 .
CORNISH : Now , Taylor Swift did take the stand last week . Them testimony was widely recounted in the press . Talk about what they had to say and why it resonated .
FADEL : Yeah , you know , their cross-examination really got the attention of advocates for survivors of sexual assault . And they said that it got their attention because they were unapologetic . They were consistent . And they really refused to be shamed , even at one point looking at the lawyer and said , I 'm going to - I refuse to make this about me , that this is not my fault .
You know , they had some pretty strong language during their cross-examination . When it was suggested that Mueller might have touched them somewhere else unintentionally by their lawyer , they said , no , they did not touch my rib . They did not touch my hand . They touched my bare ass . Now , that 's a direct quote . And they used that word several times in court .
In another instance , Mueller 's lawyer asked why they are n't critical of their bodyguard for not keeping Mueller away from them And their answer again was , I 'm critical of your client for sticking their hand up my skirt . And that is what advocates looked at , saying they were really refusing to be shamed in court where victims , they say , are often retraumatized .
CORNISH : At the same time , I know that the DJ suing Taylor Swift , the defense , talked about them not reporting this to police .
FADEL : You know , two-thirds of sexual assaults are not reported to police according to the National Sexual Violence Resource Center . And this was kept quiet . This happened in 2013 . A 51-year-old man allegedly groped them under their skirt when they were 23 . And they were quietly fired . And that 's why they sued . This came into the limelight because David Mueller sued . And their mother on the stand last week cried about that . They said that they had wanted to not revictimize their daughter .
And that is also a mainstay of the case and what the lawyer said who is representing Taylor Swift , saying that they were being revictimized . And just now after the verdict , they said that today something good happened , that the dollar that they countersued for was symbolic of all victims who have not been able to speak out .
CORNISH : That 's NPR 's Leila Fadel reporting on the case from Denver . Leila , thank you .
FADEL : Thank you . Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .
A total solar eclipse is an opportunity for serious science and not just another chance to be entertained , though you 're excused if , this month , you ca n't tell the difference .
First , a future fact : A total eclipse is expected to be visible in a 70-mile-wide swath of North America starting at about 10:21 a.m. on Monday , Aug. 21 . In Southern California , it 'll be roughly 69 percent visible , but the full day-into-night-back-into-day-again conditions will roll out over several hours from the Oregon coast through parts of Wyoming and Colorado and on to South Carolina . It 's expected to be the most observed total eclipse ever .
Do n't take our word for this last factoid , just skim a few of the thousands of eclipse stories churned out by American media this month : “ How to make a cereal box a pinhole projector. ” “ Eclipse craze creates opportunities for scammers. ” “ Eclipse tips for parents ” “ Best restaurants in the U.S. for watching the eclipse . ”
Lots of eclipse coverage , you 'll note , is about lifestyle ; very little is about science . And it 's all confirmation of the theory that , yes , an eclipse can generate its very own news cycle .
Parag Vaishampayan , planetary protection researcher , left , and research scientist Arman Seuylemezian work to put microbes on metal coupons at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , on Monday , August 7 , 2017 . The metal coupons that will be lifted in the the stratosphere on balloons during the eclipse on August 21 . NASA is teaming up with student teams across the country to release dozens of balloons across the path of totality during the eclipse . These balloons will have microbial samples attached ; once the balloons descend and the samples are distributed , microbiologists at NASA ( including JPL ) will be studying them . ( Photo by Jeff Gritchen , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Parag Vaishampayan , planetary protection researcher puts microbes on a metal coupon at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , on Monday , August 7 , 2017 . The metal coupons that will be lifted in the the stratosphere on balloons during the eclipse on August 21 . NASA is teaming up with student teams across the country to release dozens of balloons across the path of totality during the eclipse . These balloons will have microbial samples attached ; once the balloons descend and the samples are distributed , microbiologists at NASA ( including JPL ) will be studying them . ( Photo by Jeff Gritchen , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Parag Vaishampayan , planetary protection researcher , left , and research scientist Arman Seuylemezian work to put microbes on metal coupons at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , on Monday , August 7 , 2017 . The metal coupons that will be lifted in the the stratosphere on balloons during the eclipse on August 21 . NASA is teaming up with student teams across the country to release dozens of balloons across the path of totality during the eclipse . These balloons will have microbial samples attached ; once the balloons descend and the samples are distributed , microbiologists at NASA ( including JPL ) will be studying them . ( Photo by Jeff Gritchen , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Parag Vaishampayan , planetary protection researcher , holds a metal coupon with microbes at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , on Monday , August 7 , 2017 . The metal coupons that will be lifted in the the stratosphere on balloons during the eclipse on August 21 . NASA is teaming up with student teams across the country to release dozens of balloons across the path of totality during the eclipse . These balloons will have microbial samples attached ; once the balloons descend and the samples are distributed , microbiologists at NASA ( including JPL ) will be studying them . ( Photo by Jeff Gritchen , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Parag Vaishampayan , planetary protection researcher , left , and research scientist Arman Seuylemezian are working on a project to study microbes at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , on Monday , August 7 , 2017 . NASA is teaming up with student teams across the country to release dozens of balloons across the path of totality during the eclipse . These balloons will have microbial samples attached ; once the balloons descend and the samples are distributed , microbiologists at NASA ( including JPL ) will be studying them . ( Photo by Jeff Gritchen , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Parag Vaishampayan , planetary protection researcher , left , and research scientist Arman Seuylemezian are working on a project to study microbes at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , on Monday , August 7 , 2017 . NASA is teaming up with student teams across the country to release dozens of balloons across the path of totality during the eclipse . These balloons will have microbial samples attached ; once the balloons descend and the samples are distributed , microbiologists at NASA ( including JPL ) will be studying them . ( Photo by Jeff Gritchen , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Parag Vaishampayan , planetary protection researcher , left , and research scientist Arman Seuylemezian are working on a project to study microbes at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , on Monday , August 7 , 2017 . NASA is teaming up with student teams across the country to release dozens of balloons across the path of totality during the eclipse . These balloons will have microbial samples attached ; once the balloons descend and the samples are distributed , microbiologists at NASA ( including JPL ) will be studying them . ( Photo by Jeff Gritchen , Orange County Register/SCNG )
A team from Montana State University ( MSU ) prepares to launch a high-altitude balloon in Idaho as researchers test whether they can successfully stream video from the stratosphere . This is the same type being used in NASA 's Eclipse Balloon Project . More than 50 high-altitude balloons will be launched by student teams across the U.S. to livestream aerial footage of the Aug. 21 total solar eclipse from the edge of space to NASA 's website . Microbes from JPL will also be aboard these balloons . ( Photo Courtesy of Montana State University )
Second , a historical fact : An eclipse , while beautiful and interesting and even entertaining , is also a natural phenomenon that has piqued the interest of scientists and others since humans could look into the sky and ask , “ Whoa , where 'd the sun go ? ”
About a million eclipses have been visible somewhere on earth over the last 250,000 years , roughly since humans have been human . The mystery of the sky changing from day to night , or the moon vanishing and re-appearing , mostly with zero warning and generally with little long-term effect , has helped launch humanity 's preoccupations with religion and science .
Eclipses have prompted humans to wonder about — and figure out — our place in the universe .
In that regard , the upcoming eclipse will be no slouch .
In the moments when the moon starts to block the sun 's rays , scientists at the Jet Propulsion Lab in Pasadena will take part in a multi-school experiment aimed at figuring out if a bacterium from Earth might live on , thrive and potentially befoul Mars . They 'll release 57 camera-equipped balloons , to live stream the eclipse and the balloon 's journey from the ground to 30,000 kilometers into the stratosphere , and back to Earth .
The balloons also will carry dog-tag sized plates covered with Paenibacillus xerothermodurans , a bacterium originally isolated from soil at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida .
These bacteria , not the balloon 's flight or the cameras , are the true center of the eclipse-oriented test .
An eclipse , the scientists believe , is the moment when conditions on earth come close to replicating conditions ( certain sun rays are blocked , temperatures drop , etc . ) on Mars . By measuring how the bacteria changes during the eclipse — does it grow ? does it die ? is the bacteria 's DNA altered ? — scientists will sort out if the bacteria could , in fact , live on Mars or possibly some other planet or moon .
In short , scientists hope to learn something they could n't if the eclipse did n't happen .
Related Articles Want to watch the solar eclipse at a viewing party ? Here is where you can go in Orange County
Ahead of the 2017 total solar eclipse , some facts and folklore on our path ( back ) to the moon
Why you should make travel plans now to see the 2017 total solar eclipse
Q & A : Total eclipse of the sun to darken slice of Indonesia “ We have exposed bugs on the stratosphere , we have gotten the data . But this data will be spatially distributed across the U.S. using the same technique . It 's just amazing , ” said Parag Vaishampayan , a JPL scientist working on the Eclipse Ballooning Project who specializes in the once imaginative idea known as planetary protection .
“ It 's a unique opportunity for us to mimic the conditions on Mars , ” Vaishampayan added , of the eclipse . “ … Most of our Mars analog studies are done here on Earth . ”
While the experiment could help answer the question of whether or not life can exist on Mars ( generally , without saying there 's life up there at this moment , many astrobiologists believe the planet is habitable ) , that 's only part of the riddle . The goal is to make sure that earthlings do n't carry an invasive species to an otherwise pristine world .
There is a plenty of precedent for groundbreaking research being done during eclipses .
In 1919 , scientists tracked light from a cluster of stars as they passed the sun during an eclipse . This led Sir Arthur Eddington to determine that light , in fact , bent more than Sir Issac Newton expected , confirming Albert Einstein 's general theory of relativity and turning Einstein into a Kardashian-level celebrity overnight .
“ That observation could only have been done during an eclipse because the moon was blocking the sun , ” said James Bullock , UC Irvine 's professor and chair of the department of physics and astronomy .
During an eclipse in 1868 , scientists conducted experiments that led to the discovery of the element helium , the second most abundant element in the universe .
Eclipses also have paved the way to better understanding the sun 's atmosphere – the corona – which burns millions of degrees hotter than the surface of the sun .
“ One of the really cool things about the eclipse is it gives us a chance to study the corona in much greater detail than we can otherwise , ” Bullock said .
Closer to home , in 1991 researchers at USC studied the temperature drop during a partial eclipse . In many ways that eclipse resembled the one expected on Aug. 21 ; it started just after 9 a.m. and ended before noon , remembered Edward Rhodes Jr. a professor of astronomy at USC .
Rhodes was the first author on a study that examined how the temperature dropped across Southern California when the moon covered the sun . The measurements were taken by people stationed at different locations , and repeated every 10 minutes for almost two hours . The people recording temperatures including their wife , who worked that day at the couple 's Northridge home , students at USC , and Rhodes himself , who worked from Mount Wilson .
Researchers noticed a precipitous drop in temperature . At sea level , the temperature dropped by about 20 degrees in Northridge and 17 to 18 degrees at USC . But at higher elevations , the temperature fluctuated by only about six degrees .
“ We were surprised to see how similar these drops were across the Los Angeles Basin , ” Rhodes said .
For the JPL 's Vaishampayan , sending balloons into the stratosphere with tiny microbes is a big deal . It could prove key to future space exploration . “ We want to make sure we wo n't contaminate another planet . ”
Still , even for scientists , eclipses evoke wonder .
Cameron Hummels , a postdoctoral fellow in astronomy at Pasadena 's Cal Tech , is familiar with the surreal night-like quality that takes over during an eclipse . In 2009 Hummels traveled to China with a group of other scientists who took measurements during the eclipse . This year , they plan to travel to Oregon to see the eclipse first-hand .
“ When you 're standing there and you see the shadow of the moon start to approach over the surface of the land and it gets dark , there 's a wind that comes up , a pressure wave that comes up . Animals and insects start thinking it 's night time . Birds start to coo , crickets start to chirp , ” Hummels said .
“ Where the sun 's supposed to be , there 's this haze of luminescent gas . It 's hard not to be enthralled . ”
LOUISVILLE , Ky. ( AP ) - Louisville has placed associate men 's basketball coach Kenny Johnson and assistant Jordan Fair on paid administrative leave while the school handles its involvement in a national federal investigation of the sport .
Neither Fair nor Johnson have participated in practices conducted this week by interim coach David Padgett , who was named Sept. 29 as Rick Pitino 's replacement . Pitino is on unpaid administrative leave and facing dismissal after 16 seasons in the wake of the probe .
Vince Tyra was named acting athletic director on Tuesday in place Tom Jurich , who 's on paid leave pending an Oct. 18 review by trustees . Tyra said in a release Friday that the school is doing due diligence while cooperating with federal authorities and called the decisions regarding Fair and Johnson `` an appropriate step at this time . ''
Johnson is in their fourth season with Louisville ; it 's Fair 's second season the staff .
For more AP college basketball coverage : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
WTS Remington UMC .380 95gr ammo 1000 rounds
I have 2 cases of Remington UMC .380 95gr ammunition for sale . See link below for details .
Asking $ 135 shipped per case or $ 250 shipped for both cases . *
Remington UMC .380 Auto 95-Grain Centerfire Handgun Ammunition | Academy Hello , I have 2 cases of Remington UMC .380 95gr ammunition for sale . See link below for details.Asking $ 135 shipped per case or $ 250 shipped for both cases . *
Microsoft Invests $ 50 Million in AI for Earth Program
Microsoft announced Monday that it would invest $ 50 million in a program that provides cloud-computing services and other resources to organizations working on climate change and environmental technology .
The Redmond company 's AI for Earth program launched in July with $ 2 million , awarding grants to universities , companies and nongovernmental organizations that gave them free use of Microsoft 's artificial-intelligence technology , including Azure cloud services and mapping tools .
Organizations that focus on agriculture , water , biodiversity and climate change are eligible for the grants , which aim to accelerate sustainability research .
`` We believe that we need to , with a sense of urgency , address the climate issues for the planet , '' Microsoft President Brad Smith said . `` If you look at the past 200 years , a series of industrial revolutions have radically improved the standards of living for human beings . But it 's come at a cost for the planet . ''
Smith announced the $ 50 million investment , which is to be awarded over five years , at the One Climate Summit in Paris on Monday , which draws government officials and other leaders from around the world .
Microsoft is one of hundreds of U.S. companies that pledged to remain committed to reducing carbon emissions when President Donald Trump announced the U.S. would pull out of the global Paris Climate Accord . The U.S. is now the only country in the world to reject the pact , after Syria announced last month it would sign the agreement .
Microsoft joined Amazon , Starbucks , Google and others in signing a letter earlier this year in support of the climate agreement and opposing the Trump administration 's decision to withdraw .
AI for Earth has supported independent groups as well as those that include Microsoft , such as Project Premonition , which is working on early detection of pathogens that cause diseases . Microsoft partnered with several universities , including the University of Pittsburgh and Johns Hopkins University , to launch that project .
The $ 50 million investment will be used to provide technology and training to emerging companies , as well as resources to help companies bring products to market .
`` The good news is that the world now has vast amounts of digital data about climate-related problems , '' Smith said . The challenge is that the data is not easy to search and understand , which is where Azure 's artificial-intelligence technology comes in .
Microsoft also plans to partner with organizations to help them spin out sustainability products as quickly as possible .
© 2017 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock .
Pat Elder reveals how US military recruiters lock young people into contracts of life and death . Donate to order this gift now !
When you think of a college student , you generally think of someone in their late teens or early 20s .
Well , there 's a 15-year-old who has already graduated from community college and is heading to Ohio State .
Torrington Ford started community college in Maryland in 2015 .
Now , he 's all done with that and now plans to pursue studies in aviation at Ohio State this fall .
Their ultimate goal is to own an airline .
Copyright 2018 WTOL . All rights reserved .
HUNTSVILLE , Ala. — The Latest on the Alabama Senate race ( all times local ) :
10:15 a.m .
Democratic candidate Doug Jones says Republican Roy Moore is hiding in the closing days of Alabama 's U.S. Senate campaign .
Jones stopped by a breakfast spot in Birmingham early Monday to greet voters . So many media members were present that only a few other people could get inside .
Jones chided Republican Roy Moore for being out of sight ahead of Tuesday 's election . They say Moore was out of state over the weekend .
Moore was in Montgomery on Sunday afternoon , but their campaign has n't responded to questions about their whereabouts over the rest of the weekend .
——
9:19 a.m .
Former President Barack Obama and former Vice-President Joe Biden have recorded calls urging turnout in Alabama 's heated race for U.S. Senate .
A person familiar with the campaign said Monday that Obama had recorded a message in support of Democrat Doug Jones . Jones is attempting to become the first Alabama Democrat elected to the U.S. Senate in 25 years . They are locked in a heated battle with Republican Roy Moore .
Biden held a rally for Jones in Birmingham , Ala. earlier this year and has also recorded a call for Jones .
The Jones camp is sending out dozens of types of calls on the eve of the election to urge turnout . They include a news clip in which Republican Sen. Richard Shelby said that Alabama deserves better than Moore .
President Donald Trump has recorded a call urging people to vote for Moore .
——
8:45 a.m .
An official has quit the Republican National Committee over the GOP 's support of Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore , who faces accusations of sexual assault and harassment .
Joyce Simmons , the GOP national committeewoman from Nebraska , emailed the 168-member governing body Monday to inform them that they had tendered their resignation . They write : “ I strongly disagree with the recent RNC financial support directed to the Alabama Republican Party for use in the Roy Moore race . ”
Simmons adds that they wish they could have continued their service “ to the national Republican Party that I used to know well . '
The RNC had pulled support from Moore after the allegations surfaced against them last month . But the organization re-entered the race once President Donald Trump endorsed Moore , citing the need for a Republican in the seat .
——
3:35 a.m .
Republican Roy Moore and Democrat Doug Jones are making their final pushes ahead of Tuesday 's special Senate election in Alabama .
Jones and Democrats are framing the election as a way for Alabama to reject its history of politicians with baggage that hampers the state .
Republicans say it is about keeping a conservative hold on Alabama and not giving Democrats any opportunity to derail President Donald Trump 's agenda before the 2018 midterms .
In truth , the matchup is a mix of Alabama 's history and the partisan divides plaguing Washington .
Jones says it would be disastrous to elect Moore after the former judge was accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls . Moore denies the charges .
Moore and other Republicans say Jones would be a puppet of liberal Democratic leaders out of step with Alabama .
The headliner is a rematch of former lightweight champion and world No . 3 Eddie Alvarez and No . 4 Dustin Poirier . Their bout a year ago in Dallas ended in a no-contest when Alvarez illegally kneed Poirier in the head .
Both fighters are angling for a shot at the title , currently held by undefeated Russian Khabib Nurmagomedov
For Alvarez ( 29-5 and one no-contest ) , this is their last fight on their current contract .
`` I enjoy putting everything on the line . I do really well in those situations , '' the 34-year-old said . `` As I get older and I understand myself more and how I perform more , I am purposefully putting myself in those situations because I know how to respond .
`` The winner of this fight is fighting for the world title next . That 's what on the line , but what 's always on the line is my skin and my name . My name and putting Dustin Poirier 's name in my resume . Another champion and formidable opponent conquered . ''
Alvarez contends Poirier ( 23-5 and one no-contest ) wanted to quit their last bout and that only one of three their knees to Poirier 's head was illegal .
`` Anything they say I think he 's trying to save face or make themselves feel better about what happened , but I 'm just glad they signed again because we 've been trying to get this rematch for over a year now , '' said Poirier , 29 .
`` There are a lot of big things riding on this fight for me . I believe one hundred per cent that a win over Eddie Alvarez at this point in my career puts me in line for the next shot at the world title . ''
Brazil 's Jose Aldo versus Erik Koch was to be the premiere fight in Calgary in 2012 when Aldo was featherweight champ , but both men were too injured to battle .
Aldo , now No . 2 with a career 26-4 record , gets another chance in Calgary as the co-main bout with No . 4 Jeremy Stephens ( 28-14 ) .
The top women 's fight features world No . 1 strawweight Joanna Jedrzejczyk ( 14-2 ) and No . 5 Tecia Torres ( 10-2 ) .
`` The quality of those six athletes in those three fights are ranked in the top five , '' Shaw said . `` Each of those could be a main event on a standard fight night . ''
Homegrown fighters on the undercard include Calgary 's Hakeem Dawodu ( 7-1-1 ) versus Austin Arnett ( 15-5 ) , as well as Jordan Mein of Lethbridge , Alta. , ( 30-12 ) taking on Alex Morono ( 14-4 , one no-contest ) .
By Donna Spencer , The Canadian Press
Troy Evans scores a touchdown to give the Nighthawks the lead over the Cedar Rapids Titans in the 1st quarter . / Source : KAUZ
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - One of the stars of the hit NBC drama This Is Us will roll down Broadway in the Republic Bank Pegasus Parade with their fiancee , an actor and native Kentuckian .
Justin Hartley , who plays Kevin Pearson on This Is Us , and Chrishell Stause , who appeared as Jordan Ridgeway on the NBC daytime drama Days of Our Lives , will be the guests of the Kentucky Derby Festival and the Barnstable Browns during Derby week .
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ WAVE 3 News app
+ WAVE 3 Storm Tracker app
+ Inside The Rail app
In addition to appearing in the Pegasus Parade , the couple will attend KDF 's Celebrity Day at the Downs and attend the Barnstable Brown Gala .
Hartley is also known for their work on The Young and the Restless , Smallville and Revenge . This Is Us was a breakout hit of the current television season and already has been renewed for two more years .
DIGITAL DERBY GUIDE
+ 2017 Pegasus Parade theme announced
+ Pegasus Parade float lineup set
+ Harry Connick Jr. to sing national anthem at Kentucky Derby
Stause , a native of Draffenville , Kentucky in Marshall County , is perhaps best known for their role as Amanda Dillon on All My Children . They most recently appeared on The Young and the Restless .
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
Police in Jasper are investigating after a driver pulled a Polkaroo .
Const . Patrick Vallee said in a press release on Friday that officers responded to a collision at the intersection of Highways 16 and 93 shortly before 5 p.m. Thursday to find a boat and trailer in the ditch , but no vehicle hauling them .
The older male driver was described as wearing a blue winter jacket . They were driving an older model Toyota SUV , also blue in colour .
The Apollo brand inboard lake cruiser bore what appeared to be a registry number of 23K5364 .
“ Police are asking anyone who may have information regarding this occurrence to contact the Jasper RCMP at ( 780 ) 852-4421 . If you want to remain anonymous , you can contact Crime Stoppers by phone at 1-800-222-8477 ( TIPS ) , or by internet at www.crimestoppers.ab.ca You do not have to reveal your identity to Crime Stoppers , and if you provide information to Crime Stoppers that leads to an arrest ( s ) , you may be eligible for a cash reward . ”
A man was arrested at the Potato Festival over the weekend in Alliston , after police say they assaulted security staff with a taser . Investigators say they were first using the weapon to threaten others at the festival , before engaging in combat with security official and using the taser . Luckily police were around to get a hold of the situation . A 23 year old Aurora man has been charged with assault with a weapon , and possession of a prohibited weapon .
PITTSBURGH — Dachon Burke scored 25 points with six 3-pointers and Robert Morris made 11 from beyond the arc in beating Drexel 74-60 on Sunday to end the Dragons ' three-game win streak .
Koby Thomas scored 21 points with six rebounds for the Colonials ( 6-4 ) , who led by as many as 20 in winning for the sixth time in its last seven games . Matty McConnell added 10 points , 11 assists and three steals .
Burke opened the game with a 3-pointer and dunk , Jon Williams hit a 3 , and the Colonials never trailed . Robert Morris hit seven 3s in the half and led 42-27 at intermission behind 15 points from Burke and 12 from Thomas .
Drexel did n't get within 13 points in the second half , and finished shooting 42 per cent from the floor and 4 of 16 from long distance after committing 18 turnovers .
Kurk Lee led Drexel ( 5-5 ) with 15 points . Tramaine Isabell scored 12 off the bench , Sammy Mojica added 11 , and Austin Williams grabbed 11 rebounds .
Ish Sankara , born in Burkina Faso and raised in Florida , releases their single Eddie Murphy , the ﬁrst of what the record company Shamar Empire is sure will be a string of hits . The single draw on Sankara 's experience of life , having been born in a poor country in West Africa and raised in America – a land where money and opulence are kings
Eddie Murphy represents a progression in the singer 's style from African American culture meets hip hop , to a more soul-funk , Afro beat .
The song itself is all about the power and inﬂuence that America and its wealthy citizens , including those of black African origin , exert over the whole of Africa . To quote from the song itself : “ …so much money , I 'm so dangerous . ”
Because the track sounds smooth and upbeat , like rap music , the message is a bit harder to ” notice right away , ” they explain . “ But the rhythm also makes the message more digestible , ” they add with a smile Ismael Sankara , or ‘ Ish ' as they are usually known , lived in their native Burkina Faso till they were two years old when they moved with their mother to Miami . They grew up listening to the same music as their classmates , including classic 90s rappers like 2Pac , Nas and Jay-Z . But they also delved into their Mom 's collection of African cassettes and learned to love the sounds of musician and composer Pierre-Claver Akendengué from Gabon and Cameroonian saxophonist , Manu Dibango both of whom they regard as major inﬂuences on their musical style .
Listen to their new single “ Eddie Murphy ” below and tell us what you think .
Manchester United star Paul Pogba has failed to hist their top form in 2018 with a series of disappointing performances Jose Mourinho 's team . The £89 million midfielder was slammed by Manchester United fans after they uploaded a picture of their latest hairstyle on Instagram . The fans adviced them to focus on their football and not waste time on styling their hair .
Paul Pogba has failed to notch up their top form lately this season after a series of shambolic displays backed by injuries . The French midfielder has been a shadow of the player they were last year for Manchester United and it does n't get worse for them as the season hits its business end . After remaining on the sidelines for quite a few weeks , Pogba saw Scott McTominay rise up to the occasion and fill their gap in Jose Mourinho 's side . They once again missed out on an important clash against Liverpool only to have an ordinary return against Sevilla . Seeming to have enough of their new funky hairstyles , Manchester United fans slammed Paul Pogba after they put up a picture of their latest new hair-do on Instagram .
Pogba was instrumental in United 's Europa and FA Cup triumph last season , but the current season has seen them struggle for first-team football . After their non-impactful display against Sevilla in the Champions League , Jose Mourinho decided to go without them in the United 's FA Cup victory over Brighton Hove Albion . The French international who remains among the most expensive players in the current United squad joined club 's top paid player Alexis Sanchez on the sidelines . They were also not picked for the Sevilla defeat and was introduced in the game only in the later stages which reflected how Mourinho has failed to put their full trust in the £89 million French star .
Pogba took to Instagram on Monday to post a picture of their new hairstyle on Monday . The dab master is known to sport different shades and likes to play around with their hair which a majority of times is also a hit with the fans . However , this time around Pogba was not spared by the Manchester United faithful who advised them to focus on their football than on their hairdos . “ Man United is losing to Sevilla and their best player is changing hairstyles and you wonder why they lost , ” wrote one Instagram user . “ It 's time to grow up mate , ” wrote another while another stated : “ Try to do different things perfectly on the pitch . You changed your hairstyle three times and scored no goals meanwhile . ”
In less than a few hours the comments were in plethora and almost 1/3rd of them advising Pogba to start focusing on their football and not their hairstyles . “ Worry about your football more that our hair – we do n't care about colour or designs – win games in style by lots of goals – priorities all wrong , ” wrote a fan . This is not the first time Pogba has attracted criticism for being more careful about their hairstyle than their football . Former Manchester United and England star Garth Crooks had bashed Pogba for acting like an ‘ adolescent , ' while trying to attract attention with theirs hairstyle ..
ALSO READ : Manchester United 's season not successful regardless of FA Cup triumph , insists Nemanja Matic
“ I also want to discuss Paul Pogba 's new hairstyle , which features a red streak. ” Crooks told BBC in September 2017 . “ I only mention it because they clearly want to bring it to our attention . There is so much for the midfielder to do at United and they still insist on behaving like an adolescent . Granted , a hairstyle is not going to determine how well they can control a ball or make a pass , but it does say something about where their mind is at the moment . If you are going to attract attention to yourself on a football pitch do it with goals and performances , not cheap gimmicks and marketing tricks , ” they stated further .
ALSO READ : Karthik , Messi , Ronaldo , Shi Yuqi : A tale of 3 sports , 4 heroes and a blockbuster Sunday !
For all the latest Sports News , download NewsX App
A Syrian monitoring group and the media arm of al-Qaida-linked militants are reporting intense airstrikes on a rebel-held stronghold in Syria 's northwest . ( Source : Idlib Media Center/CNN )
By BASSEM MROUE and ZEYNEP BILGINSOY
Associated Press
BEIRUT ( AP ) - Turkey said eight of its troops were killed Saturday in Ankara 's military operation against a Syrian Kurdish militia , the deadliest day in the two-week-old offensive in the enclave of Afrin , while in another part of Syria , al-Qaida-linked militants downed a Russian fighter jet , then shot and killed the pilot .
In a statement late Saturday , the Turkish military said five soldiers were killed after their tank in Syria came under attack near Afrin . The soldiers could not be saved despite all attempts , it said .
Earlier in the day , three Turkish soldiers were reported killed in the Afrin offensive - one was killed in the area of the tank attack , another in northern Syria and the third on the Turkish side of the border in what Ankara said was an attack by Syrian Kurdish militiamen .
The total death toll for Turkish troops since the operation , codenamed Olive Branch , started on Jan. 20 now stands at 13 .
Turkey launched the incursion into Afrin to rout the U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia , known as the People 's Protection Units or YPG , which it considers to be a terrorist organization and an extension of Kurdish insurgents fighting within Turkey .
From Istanbul , Turkish presidential spokesperson , Ibrahim Kalin , said Turkey will not tolerate the presence of the YPG `` anywhere '' along its southern border , hinting that Ankara might expand the Afrin operation eastward . Turkey 's first demand is to see the YPG move east of the Euphrates River and leave the town of Manbij , where American troops backing the Syrian Kurdish fighters are stationed , Kalin said .
They called on the United States to `` disengage '' from the YPG and said Turkey will continue communications with `` our American allies to avoid any confrontation . ''
Turkey shares a 911-kilometer border with Syria . The YPG controls much of the territory along the border and an uninterrupted strip from Manbij to the Iraqi border .
Meanwhile , in the embattled northwestern province of Idlib , al-Qaida-linked militants said they downed a Russian fighter jet and killed its pilot after they ejected from the plane and landed on the ground .
The pilot resisted being captured and fired at the militants who then shot and killed him , according to one of the militants and Syrian monitors .
The Russian Defense Ministry confirmed the downing of the Su-25 and said the pilot was killed in fighting with `` terrorists . '' A report on the ministry 's Zvezda TV said preliminary information indicated the plane was shot by a portable ground-to-air missile in an area under control of al-Qaida 's branch in Syria .
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the plane was downed near the rebel-held town of Saraqeb , which Syrian troops have been trying to take under the cover of Russian airstrikes .
Russia is a key ally of President Bashar Assad , and has been waging a military campaign on behalf of their forces since 2015 . Since then , Syrian troops have captured wide parts of the country and in recent weeks have been making advances in Idlib . The province is also a base for al-Qaida 's branch in Syria and other Islamic groups .
A Syrian militant in the area told The Associated Press that the Russian pilot was shot and killed when they resisted capture . The pilot opened fire from their pistol as the militants were trying to seize him , said the militant , who refused to be identified by their real name because was not authorized to speak to the media .
A video circulating on social media shows a lifeless body of a man , their face stained with blood , as bearded gunmen stand around him . One of the armed men shouts : `` He is Russian . '' The authenticity of the video could not be independently confirmed but it corresponded to events reported by the AP .
Earlier in the day , the Observatory and the media arm of al-Qaida-linked militants reported intense airstrikes in Idlib . The Observatory reported more than 35 airstrikes on Saraqeb since late Friday , adding that many of its residents are fleeing .
The Ibaa News Agency of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee , said Russian and Syrian warplanes and helicopter gunships have been pounding Saraqeb and the village of Tel Mardeekh in Idlib since the early hours of Saturday .
The agency later quoted militant commander Mahmoud al-Turkmani as saying that anti-aircraft weapons were sent to al-Qaida 's fighters in the Saraqeb area after airstrikes intensified this week . They warned that Russian warplanes will not pass through Syrian airspace without `` paying a price . ''
Syria 's state news agency , SANA , said Syrian troops captured the village of Maasaran as well as the Tel Tokan hill , cutting links between Saraqeb and the rebel stronghold of Maarest al-Numan to the south .
Syrian government forces and their allies launched a push into Idlib six weeks ago , inching closer to a key highway that connects Syria 's two largest cities , Damascus and Aleppo .
The U.N. says more than 270,000 people have been displaced in Idlib because of the government onslaught since Dec. 15 .
Also Saturday , Syria 's Foreign Ministry has dismissed as `` null and void '' U.S. accusations that Assad 's government is producing and using `` new kinds of weapons '' to deliver deadly chemicals despite committing to abolish its program in 2013 .
The American statements are `` nothing more than lies '' based on accounts of what the Trump administration called its partners on ground , the ministry said . It also said reports by Western-backed media outlets about Damascus using chemical weapons were `` a new version of U.S. and Western desperate intentions to create '' an excuses to attack Syria .
President Donald Trump has not ruled out additional military action to deter attacks or punish Assad , administration officials said earlier this week , although they did not suggest any action was imminent .
___
Bilginsoy reported from Istanbul . Associated Press writers Jim Heintz in Moscow and Albert Aji in Damascus , Syria , contributed to this report .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
( AP Photo/Jonathan Drew ) . A toppled Confederate statue lies on the ground on Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Durham , N.C . Activists on Monday evening used a rope to pull down the monument outside a Durham courthouse . The Durham protest was in response to a w ...
( AP Photo/Jonathan Drew ) . A toppled Confederate statue lies on the ground on Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Durham , N.C . Activists on Monday evening used a rope to pull down the monument outside a Durham courthouse . The Durham protest was in response to a w ...
( AP Photo/Jonathan Drew ) . Claire Meddock , 21 , stands on a toppled Confederate statue on Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Durham , N.C . Activists on Monday evening used a rope to pull down the monument outside a Durham courthouse . The Durham protest was in resp ...
By JONATHAN DREWAssociated Press
DURHAM , N.C. ( AP ) - Protesters in North Carolina toppled a nearly century-old statue of a Confederate soldier on Monday at a rally against racism .
Activists in Durham brought a ladder up to the statue and used a rope to pull down the Confederate Soldiers Monument that was dedicated in 1924 . A diverse crowd of dozens cheered as the statue of a soldier holding a rifle fell to the ground in front of an old courthouse building that now houses local government offices .
Seconds after the monument fell , protesters began kicking the crumpled bronze monument .
`` I was a little bit shocked people could come here and come together like that , '' said Isaiah Wallace , who is black .
Wallace said they watched as others toppled the statue . They hope other Confederate symbols elsewhere will follow .
`` I feel like this is going to send shockwaves through the country and hopefully they can bring down other racist symbols , '' they said .
The Durham protest was in response to a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville , Virginia , over the weekend . Authorities say one woman was killed Saturday after one of the white nationalists drove their car into a group of peaceful counter-protesters .
Although the violence in Virginia has prompted fresh talk by government officials about bringing down symbols of the Confederacy around the South , North Carolina has a law protecting them . The 2015 law prevents removing such monuments on public property without permission from state officials .
In response to the statue in Durham being torn down , Democratic North Carolina Gov . Roy Cooper tweeted : `` The racism and deadly violence in Charlottesville is unacceptable but there is a better way to remove these monuments . ''
After the statue fell , several dozen protesters congregated on the street in front of the old courthouse . Some took pictures standing or sitting on the toppled soldier , in front of a pedestal inscribed with the words `` In Memory of the Boys Who Wore The Gray . '' Police cruisers blocked off the street , and officers looked on - some filming . As it got dark , rally participants began to peacefully disperse .
Robin Williamson , who works downtown , arrived in the area about an hour after the statue came down . Williamson , who is black , said they can sympathize with people who are upset with the state of racial discourse in the country .
`` People feel that with Donald Trump as leader , racists can be vocal , '' they said .
They said that while Confederate monuments have been defaced in other cities , it was surprising to see an entire statue brought down by protesters .
`` This is a little bit more intense because they took the whole statue down , '' they said .
___
Follow Drew at www.twitter.com/jonldrew
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Testing , testing… Both Iran and North Korea have conducted controversial ballistic missile tests in the three weeks since Donald Trump moved into the White House , but the presidential campaign rhetoric about sinking Iranian boats and stopping Pyongyang 's missile programs has been in short supply .
The Trump administration continues to weigh its options in the wake of North Korea 's ballistic missile launch on Saturday , as the White House confronts , early on , a problem that has vexed Washington for decades . The U.N. Security Council is expected to hold an emergency meeting Monday about the issue .
Wedge issue . When word of the launch reached the U.S. , president Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe were eating iceburg wedges in a dining room full of paying customers at the president 's private Mar-a-Lago retreat . And the launch did n't interrupt their dinner . According to a report from CNN , the guests , who paid the president $ 200,000 for the proximity , were able to watch as White House aides poured over government documents and made hurried phone calls while they briefed the two leaders who continued to dine by candlelight in the center of the room . Later , the president would drop in at a wedding being held at the estate , telling guests how much money the wedding party had paid him .
Call and response . National Security Advisor Michael Flynn continues to feel the heat after new revelations that they may have misled Vice President Mike Pence over their December phone calls with the Russian ambassador to the United States .
The episode — in which Flynn reportedly chatted with the ambassador about the possibility of lifting sanctions on Moscow before President Donald Trump took office — reinforces growing concerns among lawmakers in Congress and European allies about Trump 's apparently unshakable affinity for Russian President Vladimir Putin . And it 's likely moving the deckchairs within the White House , writes FP 's Dan De Luce : “ With Flynn already mired in a power struggle with the president 's chief strategist , Stephen Bannon , and other officials , the embarrassing incident threatens to further undercut their influence and bolster Bannon 's role . ”
What 's the word ? According to reporting over the weekend , the situation inside the NSC is tense . Administration officials told a variety of news outlets that Flynn appears increasingly isolated . “ The knives are out for Flynn , ” one administration official told the Washington Post .
“ Flynn is running out of friends , no question , ” a different administration official said . “ The broad consensus in the White House is that they lied . The vice president feels like they lied . In a position that needs to be no drama , it 's nonstop drama . I would be very surprised if they last much longer . ”
Another story that appeared in Politico reports that while Trump is unlikely to dump Flynn in the short term , they have told people he 's unhappy with the situation . “ He thinks he 's a problem , ” said one person familiar with the president 's thinking . “ I would be worried if I was General Flynn . ”
The scene . National security council staffers , according to a New York Times report , are alternatively confused by Trump 's erratic public statements on foreign policy issues , and paranoid about internal probes to suss out leakers , and have taken to using encrypted communications to talk to one another .
I conversations with staffers , the Times reports that since the council staff draws heavily from the military , particularly former officers who worked for Flynn , “ many of the first ideas that have been floated have involved military , rather than diplomatic , initiatives. ” In response to the Iranian missile launch last month , and its continued efforts to supply Houthi rebels in Yemen , Defense secretary Jim Mattis reportedly was looking at options to wanted to board Iranian ships , but shelved the plan .
The Blackwater of jihad . A group calling itself Malhama Tactical , led by a 24 year-old Uzbek jihadist , can develop a new business model : contracting out its services to militant groups in Syria and elsewhere , looking to sharpen their tactical prowess .
In a remarkable story , FP contributors Rao Komar , Christian Borys , and Eric Woods write that while the group only consists of 10 well-trained fighters from Uzbekistan and other Muslim-majority republics of the Russian Caucasus , “ Malhama promotes its battles across online platforms , and the relentless marketing has paid off : The outfit 's fighting prowess and training programs are renowned among jihadis in Syria and their admirers elsewhere . ”
This website uses cookies . Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Blowing Springs Farm
It 's that time of year again , when the southern heat is slowly weaning away and the nights begin getting colder and longer . All of a sudden , shorts ca n't protect anyone from the chilly winds that trigger a domino effect of fall festivities . Plaid flannels , pumpkin carving contests , haunted houses , and intricate corn mazes are becoming priorities .
There 's really only one place that blends these historic fall festivities into one family friendly experience : Blowing Springs Farm at the base of Lookout Mountain .
From the highway , a passing observer will easily be drawn to the iconic “ See Rock City ” barn overlooking a 10-acre property and massive corn maze on its southern side . It 's beautiful and quaint , situated in an area that 's far enough from the city to provide some peace and quiet yet close enough that I would n't even consider it a day trip .
The admission is only 10 bucks if you 're over the age of three . If you 're younger than that , you 'll walk ( or toddle ) in free of charge . This includes four activity tokens that serve as entry tickets to a plethora of activities .
Once you see the massive pumpkin slingshot it might be tempting to spend a token there over the tractor-pulled cow train your child will likely be drawn towards . Do n't worry , there are a few activities designed to satisfy all walks of life .
One of those activities is the staple of the entire property : the enchanted maze . I was told that it 's a completely different maze every year , and I definitely believe it . This is my third time visiting Blowing Springs but it 's also my third time getting lost somewhere in the middle of the maze and frustratingly taking shortcuts through it massive corn stalks . It 's actually a pretty exciting experience , being one of the few places in the world where a GPS wo n't help you much .
The property also features a petting zoo with a pretty diverse collection of farm critters . The staff is warm and informative , and the animals seemed both happy and excited to be interacting with an affectionate crowd .
Many of the activities are designed to entertain children 's imaginations specifically . From duck races , pumpkin and toy design stations , racetracks , hay and train rides , and even the classic corn kernel swimming pool ( which I jumped in despite receiving a few glares from observing parents ) . Overall , it 's a great place to introduce children to the charming fall traditions of Southern culture .
When you run out of tokens or the sun begins to fade , a conveniently located pumpkin stand will greet you on your way out . I highly suggest grabbing one as a souvenir . It 's a way to carry the memories of the day home and extend the fall festivities beyond Blowing Springs .
Blowing Springs Farm
Fri-Sun till October 29
271 Chattanooga Valley Rd .
( 706 ) 820-2531
blowingspringsfarm.com
Tough times ahead for text book sellers and publishers
The Standard
Education Cabinet Secretary Fred Matiang ' i during a function at the Kenya Institute of Curriculum Development ( KICD ) in Nairobi . [ Photo : Willis Awandu , Standard ] . The multi-billion-shilling textbook business is facing collapse after the Government …
and more »
22:51 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3 , 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3 , 5778 , 19/03/18 Pedestrian killed by autonomous vehicle Read a more experimental autonomous Uber vehicle hits a 49-year-old woman crossing a road outside a crosswalk . An investigation has been launched . ► ◄ Last Briefs
TORONTO — Curtis Dickson scored four goals and two assists as the Calgary Roughnecks used a big fourth quarter to beat the Toronto Rock 16-8 on Saturday night in National Lacrosse League action .
Riley Lowen and Dane Dobbie had hat tricks for Calgary ( 2-5 ) , which scored nine unanswered goals to finish the game . Wesley Berg and Holden Cattoni both struck twice with Tyson Bell and Garrett McIntosh also chipping in .
Rob Hellyer scored a hat trick for the Rock ( 4-3 ) with Latrell Harris , Tom Schreiber , Challen Rogers , Adam Jones and Brett Hickey rounding out the attack .
Christian Del Bianco made 47 saves for the win in net as Nick Rose kicked out 35-of-49 shots in defeat .
The Roughnecks were 3 for 5 on the power play and Toronto scored once on three opportunities .
PARIS — A ferry carrying 313 people ran aground Sunday amid high winds off the French port of Calais , interrupting boat traffic across the English Channel . Authorities safely evacuated those on board .
A towing operation , aided by a rising tide , managed to unstick the ferry from a pebble bank it struck just after noon during the bad weather . Six hours later , passengers from the Dover-bound Pride of Kent started disembarking from the vessel when it was pulled to a nearby dock , authorities said .
Authorities from France 's Pas-de-Calais region said no injuries were reported .
P & O Ferries confirmed that one of its ferries ran aground and said it hoped “ to transfer our passengers to an alternative ship as soon as possible . ”
The prefecture said the evacuation was completed Sunday evening and traffic had resumed between France and Britain . Some 60 people were being housed in local hotels while the others were being transported across the Channel , it said .
Storms also knocked out electricity to 15,000 households in the Pas-de-Calais region and an adjacent region .
The national weather warning agency Meteo France had 32 French regions under hazard alerts due to high winds and storms over the weekend .
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - The University of Louisville has fired three members of its athletic department staff , including the son of the former athletic director .
A statement released by BoxcarPR , the public relations firm representing Tom Jurich , identifies the three as Senior Associate Athletic Director Mark Jurich , Associate Athletic Director for Human Resources Kim Maffet , and Associate Athletic Director for Marketing Julianne Waldron .
The release says the firings were made by Interim Director of Athletics Vince Tyra and Interim University President Dr. Greg Postel . It goes on to state that in meetings with each of three , the reason given for the termination was stated as being `` restructuring , reorganization and budget cuts . ''
RELATED STORIES
+ Jurich officially out as UofL athletic director
+ Jurich called 'unprofessional , ' 'bully ' in termination letter
+ Attorney denies claims of Jurich 's bullying , non-compliance
+ WAVE 3 News Editorial - October 12 , 2017 : Jurich Decision
`` Each of the departing staff members have made productive contributions to this university and we wish them the best in their future ventures , '' said Interim Director of Athletics Vince Tyra said in a statement . `` As we move forward , we will be restructuring leadership positions within our department and creating efficiencies among our senior staff . ''
Tyra called Mark Jurich `` very talented '' and said , `` we sincerely appreciate the strong effort and performance that they have contributed to Cardinal Athletics from their time as a student-athlete through the valuable work they have accomplished as a member of our administrative staff . ''
BoxcarPR 's Bob Gunnell said , `` In light of recent events , this is retaliation against Tom Jurich . It is very unfortunate for these individuals who exceeded expectations for the fans , players and coaches at the University of Louisville . ''
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
MORGANTOWN , W.Va. ( AP ) - West Virginia University has won its fifth straight NCAA rifle championship .
The Mountaineers won the title on Saturday in Columbus , Ohio , with a final team score of 4,723 . TCU finished second and Murray State took third .
West Virginia won its 19th national rifle title overall and the sixth under coach Jon Hammond .
Mountaineer freshmen Morgan Phillips won the smallbore individual title and Milica Babic took the air rifle crown .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
INNISFIL , Ont . — Police say a man is out thousands of dollars after being scammed into thinking they were doing a favour for the CEO of their company .
South Simcoe police say the man received an email from someone claiming to be the CEO of the Innisfil , Ont. , company , asking them to purchase a large number of iTunes gift cards to give out to clients .
Investigators say that while they were making the purchases at one store , a clerk asked if this was for Canada Revenue Agency , thinking the man was a victim of a common scam in which victims are asked to pay a fake tax bill with iTunes cards .
After buying more gift cards at two other locations , the man became suspicious due to persistent texting from the suspect .
Once back at work , the man found out it was not the CEO who had made the request .
Police say some of the transactions were cancelled , but the fraud still amounted to several thousand dollars .
`` You like to think people are clean but you also have to ask : why did you take that ? '' 14 June 2017
Ciara Mageean .
©INPHO/James Crombie . Ciara Mageean.©INPHO/James Crombie .
European 1,500m medallist Ciara Mageean has slammed the GAA 's attitude to doping .
Speaking to The Irish Independent in the wake of Kerry footballer Brendan O'Sullivan 's failed drug test , the former camogie player from Portaferry says ignorance should be no defence for anyone found guilty of breaking the rules .
“ For an athlete to be like : 'Oh , I did n't know ' , it does n't wash with me , ” they said .
“ Maybe there is a naivety in the GAA where the athletes are n't aware , but that 's the responsibility of the GAA to educate their athletes and for athletes to educate themselves .
“ You like to think people are clean but you also have to ask : why did you take that ? ”
Italy 's Bebe Vio is among a group of Paralympic champions entered at the International Wheelchair Amputee and Sports Federation ( IWAS ) Wheelchair Fencing World Cup beginning in Warsaw tomorrow .
The event , taking place at the Airport Hotel Okęcie , marks the first major event in the sport since April and the last before regional championships in October .
Vio has not lost a match since winning gold at the Rio 2016 Paralympics and will be favourite once again in the foil `` B '' division .
Hungary 's Gyongyi Dani is expected to be their toughest rival .
Ukraine 's Paralympic champion Andrii Demchuk has not won an event this year but will still be the one to beat in the men 's sabre `` A '' .
Ukraine 's Paralympic champion Andrii Demchuk will be among leading contenders in the sabre event ©Ukraine Paralympic Fencing Team/Facebook
Hungarian fencers should be to the fore in the foil category `` A '' .
Zsuzsanna Krajnyak will be looking to maintain their season 's perfect record in the women 's event while compatriot and world number one Richard Osvath will aim to do likewise in the men 's equivalent .
Action will take place over four days .
It will begin tomorrow with men 's A and B category foil events and women 's A and B category épée competitions .
Jay Mann , Nederland . My love of the natural world started at a very young age , with television programs like , “ Nova ” and “ Nature. ” As I grew older , that interest broadened into science . It dovetailed nicely with my strong sense of curiosity and a habit of asking lots of questions . In college , my interest was captured by ecology – in particular the relationships within a community and their effects . Teasing apart the interactions between plants and animals , inanimate and living was fascinating , and in retrospect , the human communities of field researchers that I worked with and got to know were pretty incredible too .
I believe that science is our current best understanding of reality .
Nederland is a community full of scientists . Many people might think that science is something done by ‘ someone else , ' perhaps one of your neighbors . As the current threat to climate change research illustrates , it is clear that science impacts all of our lives . My intuition is that there are quite a few people in Ned who are not scientists but are still interested in the natural world and science 's potential applications . Would n't it be nice if there was a forum where you could discuss science ?
Now there is ! We recently received a grant that will facilitate science discussion at your library .
The Nederland Community Library is pleased to announce that it has received a $ 3,500 National Science Foundation grant from the Califa Library Group to provide science-based programs for adults .
STEM ( Science , Technology , Engineering & Math ) and STEAM ( Science , Technology , Engineering , Art , & Math ) are popular topics for children 's education , but rarely mentioned in relation to adults .
The programs funded by the grant are essentially “ book club meets science café. ” Attendees read a pre-announced popular book selection , then come to the library for an event in which they discuss the book , and then watch and discuss a short human interest video where scientific ideas touched on in the book intersect everyday life .
“ The videos are engaging . There are no scientists in white coats . They 're people you would want to sit down and talk to , ” said previous grant recipient Dwight McInvaill , Director of the Georgetown County Library in Georgetown , SC .
Rural Gateways is funded through the National Science Foundation and was created through a collaboration of Dartmouth College , The Califa Library Group , the Association of Rural and Small Libraries , Dawson Media Group , and the Institute for Learning Innovation .
There will be four discussions , each on a different theme and book . The books will be provided , and while you are encouraged to attend all the discussions , please feel free to only attend those of interest .
· Nature – T.C . Boyle 's When the Killing 's Done
· Survival – Paolo Bacigalupi 's The Water Knife
· Connection – Erik Larson 's Thunderstruck
· Knowledge – Douglas Adam 's Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy
Look for announcements on the series ' dates soon . For more information , please email jaymann.ncl @ gmail.com .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Pocket
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Why it matters to you The technology could be used alongside traditional solar panels and hit the market in five years .
Imagine if painting the outside of your house not only made it look easy on the eye , but also took care of all of your home 's energy needs .
This , it seems , could soon be a reality as researchers in Australia have come up with a “ solar paint ” capable of absorbing moisture from the air and turning it into hydrogen fuel for clean energy .
Based at RMIT University in Melbourne , southern Australia , the research team has developed a unique paint containing a newly developed compound that acts like silica gel — that 's the stuff used in those little sachets that absorb moisture to keep things like food , medicines , and electronics in good shape .
But where they differ is that the new material , called synthetic molybdenum-sulphide , “ also acts as a semi-conductor and catalyses the splitting of water atoms into hydrogen and oxygen , ” a report on the university 's website explained .
RMIT lead researcher Dr Torben Daeneke said their team discovered that “ mixing the compound with titanium oxide particles leads to a sunlight-absorbing paint that produces hydrogen fuel from solar energy and moist air . ”
They continued : “ Titanium oxide is the white pigment that is already commonly used in wall paint , meaning that the simple addition of the new material can convert a brick wall into energy harvesting and fuel production real estate . ”
Daeneke said the the team 's findings offer “ a big range ” of advantages , including the elimination of “ the need for clean or filtered water to feed the system . Any place that has water vapour in the air , even remote areas far from water , can produce fuel . ”
So besides damp climates , the solar paint will also be effective in , for example , hot and dry climates near oceans , with the absorbed vapor coming from the nearby seawater as it evaporates in the heat .
The team described it as “ an extraordinary concept , making fuel from the sun and water vapor in the air . ”
Daeneke told Inverse that the team hopes the special paint can one day be used alongside traditional solar cells , “ potentially coating areas that receive too little light to be viably covered with expensive solar cell modules . ”
They added that it 's likely to take at least five years to commercialize and should be cheap to produce .
MONTEVIDEO , Uruguay — Canada missed its second chance to qualify for the 2019 Rugby World Cup , falling 70-60 to Uruguay after a two-game , aggregate-goals series .
Uruguay beat the Canadian squad 32-31 in the second leg on Saturday at Estadio Charrua to solidify their victory . The Uruguayan team won the first leg in Vancouver last weekend 38-29 .
Canada will have one final chance at qualification via a repechage tournament in November , likely in France . There , the 21st-ranked Canadian men will likely face several higher-ranked countries for the tournament 's final berth .
Canada has never missed a Rugby World Cup . A loss to the 17th-ranked U.S. Eagles last summer marked the first time the Canadian men had failed to qualify on the first attempt .
No . 18 Uruguay slots into Group D for the 2019 tournament in Japan as America 2 , alongside No . 4 Australia , No . 7 Wales , No . 10 Fiji and No . 12 Georgia .
The Canadians , who needed a win by 10 points or more Saturday , looked strong at the outset as they compiled a 15-0 advantage . But Uruguay began to chip at the lead from there and the Canadians went into halftime up 18-10 in the game but down on aggregate .
Uruguay came out firing in the second , scoring a try less than two minutes in to cut the deficit further . The Uruguayans took their first lead of the match in the 65th minute on a try from Santiago Vilaseca .
Vilaseca led the Uruguayan side with two tries . Ignacio Dotti and Juan Manuel Cat Piccardo had the others .
DTH Van der Merve scored twice for Canada while Taylor Paris and Djustice Sears-Duru added tries .
Van der Merve scored their second try of the game in the dying seconds to bring Canada within one , but Brock Staller missed the conversion .
Canada was without injured backs Connor Braid and Jeff Hassler for Saturday 's match .
VATICAN CITY ( AP ) — Just how well informed is Pope Francis about the goings-on in their 1.2-billion strong Catholic Church ?
That question is making the rounds after the pope seemed completely unaware of the details of a Chilean sex abuse scandal that soured their recent trip there and forced them to do an about-face .
It also came up after their abrupt , no-explanation dismissal of a respected Vatican bank manager . And it rose to the fore when Francis was accused by a cardinal of not realizing that their own diplomats were `` selling out '' the underground Catholic Church in China for the sake of political expediency .
Vatican watchers say the pope has built an informal , parallel network of friends and informants but their information is not always up to the standards a world leader needs .
Amid the hustle and bustle of the final preparations for Christmas , Citrix has an early gift for you .
The Citrix Receiver team has been working closely with our customers to deliver a secure , flexible , and reliable experience with Citrix Receiver for Chrome and HTML5 . Taking note of the feedback we got from you , we are happy to announce that we have released the latest upgrade of Citrix Receiver for Chrome and HTML5 2.6 . We are adding more value rapidly while continuing to simplify the user experience .
Let 's take a look inside Citrix Santa 's pack to see what 's in store !
Full screen mode in Public session :
We now support Citrix Receiver for Chrome in full-screen mode for published desktop and applications inside a public session . You need to push a full-screen policy via Google Chrome management to mandate the session open in full screen mode by default . If you do not apply policy for full-screen mode , the desktop session will open in windowed mode but you can change it to full-screen after logging inside the session .
Read the entire article here , Simplifying the User Experience through Citrix Receiver for Chrome & HTML5 v2.6 !
Via the fine folks at Citrix Systems , Inc .
JOHNSON CITY , TN ( WJHL ) – Johnson City Police Department officers were called to a local cemetery Tuesday afternoon on a vandalism call after multiple headstones and grave markers were found damaged throughout the grounds .
According to a JCPD report , officers responded just after 1 p.m. to West Lawn Cemetery , located on Lowell St. in Johnson City , in reference to the vandalism and they made contact with the cemetery 's board of directors chairperson , James Whiteside .
Whiteside said someone had contacted them about headstones being overturned and damaged in the cemetery .
According to the report , Whiteside was unsure how many headstones had been damaged .
The last time someone reportedly visited the cemetery was on Jan. 30 and none of the headstones were reported vandalized at that time , according to the report .
Police said there was no physical evidence at the scene .
According to the report , the damaged headstones were valued around $ 5,000 .
JCPD 's Criminal Investigations Division responded to the cemetery to photograph the damage .
PHOTOS : Vandalized headstones , markers at West Lawn Cemetery View as list View as gallery Open Gallery
Copyright 2017 WJHL . All rights reserved .
Folks in Port Vincent need to pull out the pots because lots of them are under a boil water advisory .
That means they need to put their water on the stove before using it to make sure any harmful bacteria is dead .
This advisory impacts customers getting water from the village of Port Vincent , which includes folks living in the Sandy Ridge subdivision .
Officials will be collecting and testing bacteria samples Monday .
If the results return negative , then the advisory will be lifted by noon Tuesday .
Copyright 2017 WAFB . All rights reserved .
MARTIN , Tenn. — Ja Morant scored 18 points , Jonathan Stark had 17 and Murray State used a late run to pull away from UT Martin 66-53 on Saturday night .
Morant grabbed a game-high eight rebounds and had five assists while Stark made five 3-pointers in the first half for the Racers ( 18-5 , 10-2 ) , who remained alone in second place behind Belmont ( 11-1 ) in the Ohio Valley Conference .
Morant 's 3-pointer with nine minutes left gave the Racers the lead for good but it took a 12-0 run over the final 5:22 to put the game away . Terrell Miller Jr. and Shaq Buchanan scored 10 points each .
Matthew Butler scored 19 points and Fatodd Lewis 12 for the Skyhawks ( 8-17 , 3-9 ) .
The Racers had a 20-5 advantage on points scored off turnovers and were 15 of 24 at the line to 6 of 8 for UTM .
The teams combined for 59 3-point attempts , making 16 .
Why it matters to you Fans of HBO 's Insecure will get even more of the Issa Rae series in season 2 , which will consist of 10 episodes instead of eight .
If you are still searching for closure after the ending of season 1 of the HBO series Insecure , you will not get it here . But you can get a glimpse into the new season . Insecure co-creator and lead actor Issa Rae released a teaser trailer for season 2 on Twitter on Wednesday .
The teaser trailer will surely agonize die-hard fans still reeling after season one 's emotional finale . At the end of last season , the relationship between Rae 's character , Issa , and their boyfriend , Lawrence , played by Jay Ellis , seemed to be over . In the teaser trailer , the two can be seen on a couch with a pillow in between them that reads “ hella confused . ”
Initially , season 2 was reported to consist of eight episodes , just like season one . But IMDB has listed acting credits for 10 episodes . Interestingly , Issa 's former love interest , Lawrence , is only credited with appearing in one episode in the new season — and not until episode 4 . The first two episodes of the new season are entitled Hella Great and Hella Questions , respectively . With names like that , it may be safe to say we are in for an emotional roller coaster to start the new season .
When you watch the new season , it may not look the same as last season , thanks to all the new faces . Bosch ‘ s Spencer Garret appears as John Merril in six episodes this season , including the season premiere . Sarunas J. Jackson is another newcomer to the show . He 'll play the role of Alejandro ‘ Dro ' Peña in six episodes . Jackson may be best known for their voice-over work on NBA 2K as Frequency Vibrations , the player character in NBA 2K16 's MyCAREER mode .
Insecure may have inspired a lot of relationship tweets last fall , but it was not a ratings hit . Season 1 averaged roughly 413,000 viewers per episode — and only one episode from its first season topped 500,000 viewers . Even without a Silicon Valley audience size , Rae still garnered a Golden Globe nomination for best actor in a comedy series .
Insecure returns to HBO at 10:30 p.m . ET on July 23 .
OTTAWA — Canada 's national pension fund manager is among a group of Canadian companies that are undermining the federal government 's international anti-coal alliance by investing in new coal power plants overseas , an environmental organization says .
Friends of the Earth Canada joined with Germany 's Urgewald to release a report today looking at the top 100 private investors putting money down to expand coal-fired electricity — sometimes in places where there is n't any coal-generated power at the moment .
The report lists six Canadian financial companies among the top 100 investors in new coal plants in the world . Together , Sun Life , Power Corporation , Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec , Royal Bank of Canada , Manulife Financial and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board have pledged $ 2.9 billion towards building new coal plants overseas .
Urgewald tracks coal plants around the world and reports there are 1,600 new plants in development in 62 nations , more than a dozen of which do n't have any coal-fired plants now .
While Environment Minister Catherine McKenna is claiming to be a global leader on phasing out the dirtiest of electricity sources , private investors are “ undermining that commitment , ” says Friends of the Earth senior policy adviser John Bennett .
Canada and the United Kingdom last month teamed up to launch the Powering Past Coal Alliance , trying to bring the rest of the world on side with a campaign pledge to phase out coal as a power source entirely by 2030 for the developed world and 2050 for everyone else .
Twenty national governments and at least seven subnational governments — five of them from Canada — signed onto the alliance last month . The hope is to grow the number to 50 by the time the United Nations 24th climate change conference takes place in November 2018 .
McKenna will meet with leaders and officials from the alliance this week in Paris , where French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting a climate change meeting to mark the two year anniversary of the Paris climate change accord . This meeting is largely focused on international climate finance as the world tries to meet the goal to have $ 100 billion a year to invest in climate change mitigation and adaptation projects in the developing world by 2020 .
The accord commits the world to keeping the average global temperature from rising more than two degrees Celsius over pre-industrial levels by the end of the century . To do that , scientists suggest global carbon emissions have to start dropping in less than three years , and the only way that is going to happen is by shutting down coal plants .
Coal is responsible for almost half of global carbon dioxide emissions .
McKenna 's office did not respond to a request for comment .
Last week , McKenna was in China where they said they were talking about phasing out coal . While China is trying to cut its own coal use , it uses more coal to make power than the rest of the world combined . Hence , McKenna said it 's currently impossible to expect China to commit to eliminating it .
McKenna said they are n't planning to raise the issue of China investing in new plants outside its borders . Urgewald 's data show Chinese-owned companies are behind about 140 new coal plants in development outside China .
Turns out Canadian money is also financing international coal plants , through private investors .
Dale Marshall , national program manager for Environmental Defence , said the Paris meeting this week has a lot of work to do trying to figure out how national governments can increase their commitments but also leverage more from the private sector .
Erin Flanagan , director of federal policy for the Pembina Institute , said Canada can do more to discourage Canadians from investing in coal and encourage investments in clean energy . That could include a national requirement for investment companies to include climate change risks when publishing decisions about investment opportunities .
— follow @ mrabson on Twitter .
CLEVELAND — DeShone Kizer sat at their locker and spoke privately for several minutes with new general manager John Dorsey , who did their best to encourage the rookie .
There was plenty to discuss . The Browns had blown another one .
Kizer 's interception in overtime set up Green Bay 's winning touchdown as Cleveland fell to 0-13 for the second straight year with a 27-21 loss on Sunday to the Green Bay Packers , who survived another week without quarterback Aaron Rodgers .
Once again , costly mistakes did in the Browns , who led by 14 points in the fourth quarter , but were undone by a dropped pass , poor coverage on a punt return and Kizer 's late pick , which they could have avoided .
“ It hurts , ” said Kizer , whose three touchdown passes — one to Josh Gordon , who threw on sunglasses to celebrate — were overshadowed by their late gaffe . “ Obviously , when you start tasting a little victory throughout the game , you start riding that and you start remembering all of the things that go into winning , and how it all is about getting toward that win . When you do n't get to that at the end of the game , it hurts . ”
On the third play of overtime , Kizer scrambled away from pressure and was running to their left when they tried to throw back across their body and had their arm hit by linebacker Clay Matthews . Kizer 's throw sailed up and was picked off by Green Bay safety Josh Jones .
Kizer felt they could get the ball to wide receiver Rashard Higgins , who had spun away from their defender and was wide open for a possible TD — and a win .
“ Yeah , I think that you strike up the band there and enjoy our first win of this year , ” Kizer said .
But as has been the case too often over the past two years , the play backfired on the Browns , who fell to 1-28 under coach Hue Jackson . They now have three games left to get a win and avoid joining the 2008 Detroit Lions in the infamous 0-16 club .
Kizer was n't all to blame . Before their costly interception , rookie tight end David Njoku could n't come up with a reception in regulation that would have knocked precious time off the clock . And the Browns gave up a 65-yard punt return to Trevor Davis , setting up the Packers for their tying TD with 17 seconds left .
It 's more of the same for the Browns , who closed out another tumultuous week with their 46th loss in 50 games since the last month of 2014 .
On Thursday , owners Dee and Jimmy Haslam fired Sashi Brown , their top football executive , and hired Dorsey , who helped turn around the Kansas City Chiefs and will now try to fix the NFL 's worst team .
Following the game , Dorsey consoled Kizer , clutching the 21-year-old 's hand to offer support . Kizer appreciated the gesture .
“ To be reassured that the guys in the locker room with you have your back is always a good thing , ” said Kizer , who hooked up with Gordon on an 18-yard scoring strike in the first quarter .
Jackson was spared the axe by the Haslams , who announced the coach will be back in 2018 . But the vote of confidence did nothing to ease the sting of another loss .
“ I thought that was the best version of us as a football team — offensively , defensively and special teams — up until the fourth quarter , when we need it the most , ” Jackson said . “ That is what we have to do . We have to finish it . We have to find a way . Our guys are playing hard . They are doing exactly what we ask them to do , but we have to find a way to finish it . ”
Disappointment was etched on the faces of several Browns players following the game . This loss hurt more than most .
“ Right now , everyone feels sick to their stomach , ” said guard Joel Bitonio . “ Every loss is tough , but this one leaves you feeling sick . I do n't know how else to explain it . ”
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
PARIS ( AP ) — A French judicial official says a prominent Swiss Islamic scholar is in police custody over allegations of rape and sexual assault .
The Paris prosecutor 's office is investigating the case against Tariq Ramadan , who has denied any wrongdoing so far .
Le Monde and Le Parisien newspapers reported last year that two women recently filed complaints in France against Ramadan for an alleged rape in 2009 and an assault in 2012 . The judicial official confirmed that two lawsuits have been filed against Ramadan .
In the wake of the investigation , Ramadan took a leave of absence from Oxford University , where their website says they are professor of contemporary Islamic studies .
A leading authority on Islam , Ramadan has written numerous books on the faith and the integration of Muslims in Europe .
Almost a year since its release , A Crow Looked at Me remains a singular crucible . Bluntly diaristic and relatively artless , Phil Elverum 's requiem for the late Geneviève Castrée–an illustrator , fellow musician , and their partner , who died of cancer in 2016–sought to strip away any supposedly valiant romance one might want to affix to the ineffable act of mourning . The rest was numbness , stunned desolation , some light magical thinking and the detritus of a life suddenly cut short .
Less deadpan and more florid than its predecessor , Now Only is heartrending in new , different ways . Sonically , the record does n't stray far from Mount Eerie 's elemental standard operating procedures , where meandering , nylon-strung acoustic strum or heavy metal thunder underlie Elverum 's streams of consciousness . On Crow , this backdrop was skeletal ; on this record , it 's cannier , more self-conscious . Now Only 's opening verse and direct invocation of the subject Crow never named directly– “ I sing to you , I sing to you , Geneviève/I sing to you , you do n't exist ” –conveys an growing distance , a weary reach . Elverum 's grieving here is philosophical , self-aware , and achingly specific ; despair yielding to an excruciating uncertainty .
Stung by power-chord plunges and soothed by keyboard balms that mirror some of these extremes , “ Earth ” trembles mightily ; their tendency to “ talk about you all the time , including the last day that you were alive ” clashing with the reality that they wo n't get to see their daughter grow up , and is really , truly gone . “ Compost and memories/And nothing else , ” they murmur , resignedly . The flickering “ Distortion ” feels confessional , a searching , self-mythological hybrid between late-night bursts of clarity and those hungry confidences young people exchange in bonhomie . On the gently rambling “ Tintin in Tibet , ” Elverum time-travels back to the day they and Castrée met , recalling their courtship in vivid , cinematic detail before fast-forwarding 13 years to their deathbed , where their final thoughts are of those early days too . Echoes of Castrée are all around , in “ this dancing child , ” in the art and photographs crowding Now Only 's cover , even as they themselves is nowhere .
As with “ Soria Moira ” from Crow , Elverum finds solace in and is sustained by “ Two Paintings by Nicolai Astrup. ” Their recordings as Mount Eerie , and before as the Microphones , have celebrated nature 's violence , immensity , and beauty ; that nature might offer meditation and perspective seems fitting , even as viewed through the prisms of art .
Yet commerce colors Now Only 's harshest blow . If the title track 's folk-rock chorus sounds earnestly callous , the hypertext-embedded verses remind us that this suffering is , for better or worse , a product . “ And the next thing I knew , ” Elverum gushes , “ I was standing in the dirt/Under the desert sky at night outside Phoenix/At a music festival that had paid to fly me in/To play death songs to a bunch of young people on drugs. ” They know well what he 's doing ; he 's implicating themselves and , by association , everyone who might buy a ticket to hear them sing this very song , or to sing it back to him .
Barcelona target Philippe Coutinho has been left out of Liverpool 's squad for the first leg of their Champions League play-off away to Hoffenheim .
The 25-year-old attacking midfielder was not involved as Liverpool drew 3-3 away to Watford in the opening round of the Premier League season on Saturday , with manager Jurgen Klopp claiming prior to the game at Vicarage Road that a back problem was the reason for Coutinho 's exclusion .
However , speaking after the match , the German suggested apparent fitness concerns were not the only factor at play , after rumours emerged indicating Coutinho submitted a transfer request on Friday .
Klopp said : `` I have to accept decisions from the owners , that 's how it is , and sometimes from players , but for this moment I just have to concentrate on my team . ''
Liverpool 's owner Fenway Sports Group last week released a statement insisting they would not consider any offers for Coutinho , with Barça reportedly having had a bid of €100million turned down as they seek to replace Brazil forward Neymar , who moved to Paris Saint-German for a world-record fee of €222m .
It remains to be seen if Coutinho will leave Anfield for Camp Nou before the transfer window shuts on August 31 .
But the former Inter star was not named among the 22-man squad picked to travel to Germany for Tuesday 's showdown at Rhein-Neckar-Arena .
It has only been a few days since Facebook pulled access from Cambridge Analytica and some of its associates -- for allegedly retaining data on millions of accounts that it pulled in via a `` personality '' app in 2014 -- but the scrutiny around both companies continues to intensify . Today , UK 's Channel4 aired the results of an undercover investigation that shows Cambridge Analytica representatives -- including CEO Alexander Nix -- talking about how its strategies have worked in more than two hundred elections around the world , saying that employees can be disguised as researchers , and even using sex workers to entrap political opponents .
In a statement , Cambridge Analytica said that `` Assessing the legality and reputational risks associated with new projects is critical for us , and we routinely undertake conversations with prospective clients to try to tease out any unethical or illegal intentions . The two Cambridge Analytica executives at the meeting humoured these questions and actively encouraged the prospective client to disclose their intentions . They left with grave concerns and did not meet with them again . '' Said Nix , `` In playing along with this line of conversation , and partly to spare our 'client ' from embarrassment , we entertained a series of ludicrous hypothetical scenarios . I am aware how this looks , but it is simply not the case . I must emphatically state that Cambridge Analytica does not condone or engage in entrapment , bribes or so-called 'honeytraps ' , and nor does it use untrue material for any purpose . ''
A 32-year-old woman was killed and 19 people were injured after a driver sped into a crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville . Police have identified the victim as Heather Heyer , who had been demonstrating on Saturday against white nationalists .
8-14 Heather Heyer Wrap 2-WEB
HUNTINGTON STATION , N.Y. — The last living member of a pioneering unit that paved the way for the U.S. military 's first black paratroopers has died . Clarence Beavers was 96 .
The A.L . Jacobsen Funeral Home in Huntington Station , New York , says Beavers died Dec. 4 .
Newsday reports the Harlem-born Beavers joined the segregated U.S. Army in 1941 and rose to the rank of sergeant . In 1944 , they and 19 other black soldiers became part of a test platoon for airborne training . Beavers and 16 others passed , setting the foundation for what became the all-black 555th Parachute Infantry Battalion , known as the Triple Nickels .
Beavers , who lived in Huntington Station on Long Island , was the last of the original 17 .
The 555th spent the last year of the war fighting forest fires set in the Pacific Northwest by Japanese balloon-transported bombs .
——
Information from : Newsday , http : //www.newsday.com
Legendary broadcaster and Radio 4 presenter Melvin Bragg gives their view on a new golden age of television , their personal fame , and how Britain has changed…
We imagine you in a huge mansion in Hampstead , Melvyn .
No , I do n't live in a huge mansion . We 've got a Victorian semi in Hampstead , which is very nice , thank you . And a television that is – and this is probably the kindest thing you could say– in need of replacement . It is n't flash .
Are you watching the World Cup ?
Sometimes . I 've got quite a bit to do around the house . When my son Tom is at home we watch a lot of sport . Football on Sky , and rugby .
Do you still manage a kick about ?
Well , I 've just been in hospital . I had a hip replacement . And after that I got pneumonia , which is still hanging on . It 's a bit of a pain .
WASHINGTON — The Latest on the first state dinner of the Trump administration ( all times local ) :
9 p.m .
President Donald Trump has thanked their wife , Melania , for pulling together the first state dinner of their administration .
In a toast before Tuesday 's dinner honouring France , Trump described their wife as “ America 's absolutely incredible first lady . ”
They thanked them for their efforts on the dinner and said they had created an evening that everyone will always “ cherish and remember . ”
The dinner for 123 guests and a main course of lamb marked Mrs. Trump 's highest-profile hostess gig to date as first lady .
——
8:35 p.m .
The first state dinner of President Donald Trump 's administration had 123 guests in attendance .
That 's according to the official roster of names released by the White House after the last few guests arrived Tuesday night . The guest list included a number of Cabinet officials , Trump administration staffers , elected officials and some business leaders . Two Olympic gold medallists also made the list .
The tally does not include Trump , first lady Melania Trump , French President Emmanuel Macron or their wife , Brigitte .
The size of the crowd that accepted invitations to Trump 's first state dinner makes it one of the more intimate events of its kind in some time .
Former President Barack Obama had more than 330 guests at their first state dinner , which honoured India .
——
7:50 p.m .
Melania Trump has chosen Chanel for the White House state dinner honouring the French president .
The first lady wore a full-length silver gown Tuesday night as they emerged from the White House to greet the French president and their wife . The White House said it was a black Chantilly lace Chanel haute couture gown , hand-painted with silver and embroidered with crystal and sequins .
French first lady Brigitte Macron wore a cream full-length gown by Louis Vuitton with long sleeves and gold details .
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron both wore black tuxedos .
——
7:25 p.m .
President Donald Trump has welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron to the administration 's first state dinner .
Macron and their wife , Brigitte , arrived at the White House as a light rain fell Tuesday evening .
Trump and their wife , Melania , exchanged hugs and air kisses with the Macrons before going inside the White House for the festivities . About 130 guests have been invited .
Macron opened a three-day state visit to the U.S. on Monday .
The French leader is scheduled to deliver an address to a joint session of Congress on Wednesday .
——
6:40 p.m .
Guests are arriving for the White House state dinner honouring the French president .
It 's the first state dinner of President Donald Trump 's administration .
Among those who have already arrived are Vice-President Mike Pence , Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts , former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , Apple CEO Tim Cook and two Winter Olympians who flashed medals on their way into the pre-dinner reception Tuesday .
The 94-year-old Kissinger caused a little scare when they stumbled while walking past the media .
Several Cabinet secretaries have also arrived , including Defence Secretary Jim Mattis , Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and CIA Director Mike Pompeo , who is awaiting Senate confirmation to become Trump 's new secretary of state .
——
6:30 p.m .
The White House has some extra help in the kitchen for the state dinner honouring the president of France .
Former National Security Council spokesperson Michael Anton is lending their skills to the occasion Tuesday night .
Anton is known for being particularly talented in the kitchen . In fact , White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders cited their “ amazing chef ” skills in a statement earlier this month on their departure . The White House is serving rack of lamb for the main course .
Anton resigned from the White House just before new national security adviser John Bolton came on board .
They are now a writer and lecturer at Hillsdale College .
——
5:30 p.m .
Melania Trump is embracing their moment in the spotlight for the French president 's state visit .
They traded in their usual dark sunglasses for a white wide-brimmed hat that quickly became a trending topic on social media . They have thrown themselves into planning the state dinner for President Emmanuel Macron and their wife , Brigitte . All eyes will be on the former model again Tuesday when they step out in a designer gown to greet the Macrons as they arrive for dinner .
Seeing the gown is typically the highlight of a state dinner . But for once , it may pale in comparison to the hat .
The hat bobbed up and down across the bottom of TV screens as the first lady took their seat for the president 's news conference with Macron .
A California state senator is taking another stab at introducing a law that would require sugary drink manufacturers to put a warning label on their products , the latest effort in the “ War on Sugar . ”
Officials and public health advocates have heightened their criticism of sugar as a key contributor to health epidemics like obesity and diabetes . California has become a major battleground in the fight against what they say is excessive sugar consumption .
San Francisco is battling Big Soda in court over a law requiring a warning label on advertisements for sugary drinks . Voters in four Bay Area cities have already approved taxes on the products . On February 13 , Democratic state Senator Bill Monning for a third time introduced a bill that would place warning labels on soda and other sugar-sweetened beverages sold in California .
Similar bills from Monning failed in 2014 and 2015 : although , the lawmaker said they see a rising tide of support .
“ Certainly the victories in local communities show a growing awareness of the health risk posed by these drinks , ” Monning said by telephone , referring to votes in three Bay Area cities approving soda levies last November . Voters in Berkeley had approved a soda tax in 2014 .
“ This is not a tax measure . We 're not taking products off the shelves . This is about consumers ' right to know , ” they said .
The legislation would require companies like Coca-Cola and PepsiCo to put warning labels on beverages sold in California that have added sugars and 75 or more calories every 12 ounces . The warning would state that drinking beverages with added sugar contributes to obesity , diabetes , and tooth decay .
Soda companies are already combating declined sales of namesake beverages by introducing new products to meet changing tastes .
“ America 's beverage companies already provide fact-based , easy-to-use calorie labels on the front of every bottle , can , and pack produced , ” said an American Beverage Association ( ABA ) spokesperson , adding that “ misleading warnings ” wo n't solve complex public health problems .
ABA has sued San Francisco to block the city from introducing a warning label on sugar-sweetened beverages . It recently lost a legal challenge to block a soda tax from being rolled out in Philadelphia last month .
Coca-Cola and the ABA have been sued by a nonprofit group for allegedly misleading consumers about the health risks from consuming sugary beverages . That case is in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California .
The Philadelphia Eagles and the New England Patriots are n't the only teams bringing Super Bowl entertainment this week . To celebrate game day ( and cheer on their region 's respective teams ) , the dancers of Pennsylvania Ballet and Boston Ballet took a break from their usual rehearsals to perform some Super Bowl-themed choreography .
Dressed in their Eagles green , the PAB dancers performed a fast-paced routine full of fouetté turns , sky-high jumps and some swan arms ( because they 're known as the birds , get it ? ) .
But Boston Ballet also decided to get in on the fun—with five Super Bowl wins , they 're used to seeing their team in the big game . Sharing their own video on Facebook , which stars principal Paul Craig and soloist Derek Dunn , Boston Ballet threw in a few Balanchine tricks thanks to some props from Prodigal Son .
This is officially our new favorite way to get in on the football fun .
Parents and children flocked to Bury St Edmunds on Sunday for the first West Suffolk Home Education Fayre .
The event , which ran from 10am until 2pm at the Apex , was organised by Stephanie Holland , who home educates their daughter as well as a small group of other children .
The fair was open to families who are currently in home education , families with children in pre-school who are considering it for the future and anyone who wanted to know more about how home education works .
“ It 's not something that 's spoken about all that much so I wanted to give people somewhere they could ask questions , get advice and meet other people , ” said Stephanie , who also organised a Pregnancy and Parenting Fair in September .
“ People could talk face to face with other families who are going through the same experience .
“ It was very busy and there seemed to be a lot of swapping of contact details so I think it did what it was meant to do . ”
The event was also popular with the children , who took part in activities and games which were on offer from several stalls , including Steph 's Magic Bubbles .
“ There were lots of children which was great . There were lots of painted faces running around and the magic bubbles went down really well , ” said Stephanie .
Other stalls at the event included the Creative Education Centre , RSPB , West Suffolk College , Bush Adventures , Time and Space , Creative Kids and The Alternative Learning Centre , as well as Stephanie 's own stall , Nature Explorers .
“ I just wanted a range of different things that could show the opportunities on offer to home educated children . It was great to see them all taking part and enjoying the learning process , ” said Stephanie .
And those who attended the event have already shown interest in going to another one next year .
“ I 've had lots of really positive feedback which is really nice , both from parents and stallholders , ” they said .
“ Guests said they would love to have another one and asked when it would be . It was a really brilliant , positive day . It would be great to do it all again if I can . ”
Why it matters to you Consider this epic conversion if you still do n't have the traction you need after installing snow tires and chains .
The Audi S1 is one of the smallest hot hatches in the world , so it 's not unusual to see one driving flat-out on the track . A YouTube video shot on a beach in Bulgaria shows Audi 's pocket-sized performance car driving flat-out on a completely different type of track .
For reasons that remain unknown , someone replaced the S1 's alloy wheels with a full set of tracks similar to the ones commonly found on exploration vehicles built to cruise to the iciest parts of the planet . We 're used to seeing track conversions on purpose-built off-roaders , like the Land Rover Defender and the Jeep Wrangler . Nissan even built a Rogue-based concept with tracks a couple of years ago . An Audi S1 is completely unexpected ; it 's the answer to the question no one asked , and it 's awesome .
We do n't know who turned this Audi into an off-roader , or what the conversion process was like . It looks like the build required lifting the standard suspension by a few inches to make space for the hardware , and cutting out both bumpers to clear the tracks . The video shows the S1 doing power slides in the sand and going flat out as it drives along the water , which suggests it has n't lost an ounce of its performance credentials .
Do n't worry if you 're unfamiliar with the S1 ; it 's an obscure model to most Americans because it 's not sold in the United States . Positioned near the bottom of the company 's European lineup , the S1 gets a 2.0-liter TFSI engine that makes 231 horsepower and 273 pound-feet of torque . It 's essentially the same engine that equips Volkswagen 's GTI , but it 's stuffed in a car that 's about the size of a Ford Fiesta . The turbo four sends its power to all four wheels via a six-speed manual transmission and Audi 's famed quattro all-wheel drive system .
The regular Audi S1 takes approximately five and a half seconds to reach 60 mph from a stop . We do n't know what effect the tracks have on performance , but at least you can boldly attempt a 0-to-60-mph sprint in a foot and a half of snow . Try that on low-profile summer tires .
Are you a fan of regular , biggie , or smalls ? That is the question you 'll want to ask yourself now that there 's a Google Home , Home Mini , and Home Max . The trio of speakers all feature Google Assistant and allow you to make phone calls , so what it really comes down to is sound . Here 's what you need to know when deciding which Google Home speaker is for you .
Rectangle , puck , or ?
If you were to write an ode to Google Home , you might compare it to an air freshener or Grecian urn partially collapsed . It 's got a squat body and slanted top . The Mini is a bit like a squashed muffin , while the Max is rounded rectangle . At 3.86 inches in diameter and 1.65 inches high , the Google Home Mini is about the size of a doughnut , the company said in an ad for the little speaker . In the middle is the original Home , 3.79 inches in diameter and 5.62 inches tall . The Home Max measures in at 13.2 inches by 7.4 inches by 6.0 inches .
Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends
Concerned about color ? The top of the Home is white but has a swappable base that comes in a variety of colors : copper and carbon for the metal version and coral , mango , marine , violet , and slate ( reddish-pink , orange , greenish-blue , and purple ) for the fabric . The Mini and Max are partly white with the fabric covering available in a light gray ( chalk ) or carbon ( darker gray ) . The Mini also comes in coral . During the Google event on October 4 , Isabelle Olsson , Google Home 's lead hardware designer , made a big deal of the Home speakers ' design , saying people do n't want black plastic and complicated buttons in their home . Was they taking a shot at the Amazon Echo and Echo Buttons ? Probably .
All three speakers have touch control . You can turn the microphone off via a switch , so they ca n't eavesdrop on your conversation . You can also play or pause music , change the volume , or activate Assistant . LED lights show up when the devices are listening or thinking .
Assistant assistance
The Google Home , Home Mini , and Home Max all have the same Google Assistant inside , so here 's there 's no reason to opt for one over the other . It 's great at answering trivia-like questions , like , “ Who won the World Series in 1976 ? ” Theoretically , Assistant is supposed to be conversational and answer follow-up questions , but when we asked , “ Who won the next year ? ” they replied that they could n't help with that yet . ( For the record , browser Google says it 's the Cincinnati Reds , followed by the New York Yankees in 1977 . ) Sometimes it will just read the top Google result , and that 's not always helpful when the answer is nuanced , like when you want to know where the hottest place on Earth is .
In addition to answering questions , Assistant can also tell you the weather or your schedule , give traffic information , and control smart-home devices . Since its debut , Google Home has become more useful in the last category , gaining the ability to control more than 1,000 smart-home devices . It obviously works with Nest , another Alphabet company , as well as Philips Hue , August smart locks , and so on .
If you give it permission , Google Home can also recognize your voice via what the company calls Voice Match , so it will call your contacts instead of your significant other 's . Handy if you both have a contact called “ Mom . ”
You will also be able to take advantage of skills or tasks that let you make the most of Assistant . From the Google Home app , you tap the menu button and hit explore , and you will see offerings from the Food Network , Netflix , Sports Facts , and more . You do n't need to enable these skills to use them , but for something like Uber , you have to link your account .
At the Google event , Rishi Chandra , general manager of Home products , unveiled some upcoming new features for Assistant . You will be able to treat the speakers as intercoms with Broadcast , letting you send out the alert it 's time to leave for school and disseminating the message to all your Home devices . Speaking of the kids , Google is hoping the Home will capture their imagination with content from Disney , classic and original stories , and games like musical chairs . You will also be able to use Family Link to create accounts for children and tweens . It can help you set parental controls and monitor what the kiddos are up to like a conscientious big brother .
The tunes
Google Home devices work with Spotify , Google Play Music , Pandora , and iHeart Radio . In addition to streaming music , you can also listen to podcasts . Though Google says the Mini sounds good for its size and its 40-millimeter driver produces 360-degree sound , it also emphasized it can wirelessly connect to any speaker with Chromecast built in . You can use it independently , but your music wo n't sound the same as it does come out of a typical Bluetooth speaker , for example .
For the original Google Home , DT 's Senior Editor Caleb Denison said it sounds like the Amazon Echo Tap , as opposed to the full-size Echo speaker , which is bigger than the Home . Google 's Home over-juices the bass , they said , and sounds compressed and a bit dirty when you turn it up too loud . Still , they think it gets the job done if you just want to sing along to something while doing the dishes .
To make up for the lack of stellar sound in these devices , Google is trying to go all out with its Home Max . The sound is the real selling point . Google wants you to buy it instead of the Sonos Play:5 or the Apple HomePod , which is supposed to have room-reading tech similar to Sonos . The Home Max has 4.5-inch high-excursions drivers , so it should be able to do bass and loud volume better than the Home . Two tweeters cover the high frequencies , and the speaker is controlled by advanced digital signal processing ( DSP ) . Using Smart Sound , the speaker analyzes the environment and adjusts the sound curve to match the room . Based on thousands of room presets , the speaker will calibrate to a room with carpeted floors and plush pillows differently than one with hardwood floors and office furniture . Smart Sound will also take into account things like the time of day and what you are listening to . Music will be softer in the mornings , for example . Google also said the Home Max is smart enough to play similar-sounding music , so it can offer up songs that match your taste .
How much will you pay , and when can you have it ?
The $ 129 Google Home has been out for nearly a year in the U.S. and is also available in the United Kingdom , Australia , Canada , France , and Germany . It 's due out in Japan soon . You can pre-order the Google Home mini today , and it will arrive in stores on October 19 ; it 's available in all the countries listed above . There is a waitlist available for the Home Max , but it wo n't arrive until December ; it costs $ 399 .
Which one is right for me ?
Google would probably love for you to buy all of its speakers and sprinkle them throughout your home . In fact , it just announced that you assign speakers to specific rooms , making it a bit easier for you to control multiple devices . But which one ( or ones ) you buy is obviously dictated by budget and placement . The Home Mini seems like a good choice for a child 's room , while you might want the original Home 's bigger sound for the kitchen , and the musically inclined Home Max for the living room . In any case , you can now choose whether you want your Assistant to answer you in a female or male voice , which is a nice change from the norm .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — A widely circulated report that President Donald Trump has signed an executive order calling for the deportation of immigrants who accept government welfare is false .
Trump has signed executive orders focusing on immigration , including a travel-and-immigration ban that has been put on hold by a federal court in Washington state , but none focused on deporting immigrants who receive welfare .
In recent weeks , drafts of possible executive orders have been leaked and one such draft did address immigrants who become a so-called `` public charge '' by accepting certain government benefits . The draft order was obtained by The Associated Press .
The draft order did call for such immigrants to face deportation , but it has n't been signed by the president . And even if it were to be signed , it would n't change much . There 's already a law that says immigrants who become dependent on certain government benefits can be kicked out of the country , though it 's rarely , if ever , enforced . Immigrants in the United States illegally are also barred from receiving welfare and other public benefits .
__
This story is part of an ongoing Associated Press effort to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories . Find all AP Fact Checks here : http : //apne.ws/2kbx8bd
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center , but no information on injuries has been released .
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center , but no information on injuries has been released .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) - The Latest on a shooting at a UPS warehouse in San Francisco ( all times local ) :
10:45 p.m .
Officials have identified the three men killed after a UPS driver opened fire during a meeting at company warehouse in San Francisco .
San Francisco 's chief medical examiner identified the victims as 50-year-old Benson Louie and 56-year-old Wayne Chan , both of San Francisco ; and 46-year-old Michael Lefiti , of Hercules .
Police say the three UPS drivers were killed by 38-year-old Jimmy Lam , who fatally shot themselves in the head in front of officers .
A motive in the killings has not been determined .
___
7:30 p.m .
A union official says the gunman who shot and killed three people at a UPS warehouse in San Francisco had filed a grievance complaining that they were working excessive overtime .
Joseph Cilia , an official with a local Teamsters Union , says Jimmy Lam 's grievance filed in March requested that UPS relieve them of working overtime going forward .
Still , Cilia says Lam was n't angry , and they could not understand why they would open fire on their colleagues at a morning meeting on Wednesday .
Cilium says Lam targeted three fellow UPS drivers . Cilium says two other drivers who were wounded have been released from the hospital and will be OK .
Police say the gunman killed themselves after the shooting .
___
5:30 p.m .
A San Francisco police department official has identified the gunman who opened fire at a UPS warehouse in the city as Jimmy Lam .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation into the shooting is ongoing .
The official said Lam is from San Francisco , but had no immediate details on their background . The official noted the name is a common one in the San Francisco Bay Area , so finding information about the correct Jimmy Lam required significant record searches .
Police say the gunman shot and killed three people and wounded two others before taking their own life .
___
4:45 p.m .
Family members have identified one of the victims of a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse as 46-year-old Mike Lefiti , a UPS driver .
Lefiti 's cousin , Bob Toia , told the San Francisco Chronicle that Lefiti was devoted to their wife , family and kids .
Isaiah Miggins , a co-worker of Lefiti 's at UPS , said Lefiti was a big man , but humble and always happy .
By late afternoon , friends had set up a memorial to Lefiti with flowers and balloons at a local supermarket near the UPS warehouse .
Police say a gunman opened fire at the UPS facility Wednesday morning , killing three people and wounding two others before taking their own life .
___
3:50 p.m .
San Francisco authorities say they 're interviewing the families of victims and witnesses to piece together what led a gunman to open fire in a UPS warehouse .
Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters Wednesday that authorities found two victims outside and others inside , calling it a `` frightful scene . ''
They say officers did n't fire at the gunman , but that they shot themselves when they confronted him .
Chaplin says authorities wo n't release the names of the three who were killed and the gunman who took their own life until the medical examiner confirms their identities and families are notified .
They say police wo n't know more information about weapon until they test-fire it .
___
3:35 p.m .
A San Francisco woman said they were riding a bus to work when they saw a group of workers streaming out of a UPS facility where an employee opened fire .
Jessica Franklin said the workers started banging on the bus when it made a stop Wednesday . They said they ducked as they boarded and told the driver to `` go , go , go . '' And the driver did .
Franklin says the workers were screaming and crying and others were calling family members to tell them they were safe . They described the scene as chaotic .
The bus driver then stopped to let the workers out .
Authorities and UPS officials say the shooter killed three co-workers and wounded two others . They then fatally shot themselves when police approached .
___
12:30 p.m .
A UPS driver said a gunman opened fire as drivers and managers were assembling for a morning meeting in San Francisco and that they saw a co-worker get shot .
Marvin Calderon told San Francisco Bay Area news station KNTV that they heard five to six gunshots and that they recognized the gunman as a fellow employee , but they did not know them personally .
Calderon said they saw someone get shot in the head and they said they believed all the victims were drivers .
They said they ran away as fast as they could .
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin said four people are dead , including the gunman , who shot themselves when confronted by police .
___
11:55 a.m .
Authorities say the shooter who opened fire at a San Francisco UPS warehouse was armed with an assault pistol when police found him .
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters that officers found wounded victims and brought them to safety Wednesday . When they found the gunman , they put the weapon to their head and shot himself .
Three people were killed as well as the shooter . Two others were wounded .
___
11:40 a.m .
Authorities say a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse has killed three people as well as the shooter .
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin says at a news conference that two others were wounded Wednesday . They say that the shooter shot himself , and police have not determined a motive .
___
This item has been corrected to show that Toney Chaplin is San Francisco assistant police chief .
___
11:10 a.m .
A man who lives across the street from a San Francisco UPS warehouse where a gunman opened fire says they heard seven or eight shots fired quickly and saw workers running .
Raymond Deng , 30 , a data scientist for a start-up company , said they looked out their apartment window Wednesday to see a group of UPS workers fleeing the building and shouting .
They say another group of about 10 workers assembled on the roof and held their hands up as police began to arrive .
Deng says they `` saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings . ''
___
10:45 a.m .
A witness says they heard at least five gunshots and saw UPS drivers running down the street screaming `` shooter , shooter '' after gunfire at a sprawling San Francisco package delivery warehouse .
Auto shop owner Robert Kim says they brought cars inside and shut the gate Wednesday . They reopened after they saw police had blocked off an area around the UPS building , which is about a block from their shop .
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee . Steve Gaut says they believe the shooter `` turned the gun on himself '' but did not have additional information .
No one immediately had details on the conditions of those injured .
San Francisco police are inside the UPS warehouse searching for additional victims and witnesses .
___
10:20 a.m .
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in a shooting at a package delivery facility in San Francisco and that the shooter was an employee .
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said Wednesday that they believed the shooter `` turned the gun on himself '' but did not have additional information .
They said the four victims were taken to a hospital but did n't know their conditions .
___
10:05 a.m .
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center .
Brent Andrew , spokesperson for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital , said Wednesday that the hospital had received victims , but they did not know exactly how many or their conditions .
San Francisco police have confirmed the shooting , but did n't release other information .
Uniformed UPS employees are being led out in a line by officers next to a highway . They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby .
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area .
The building is located in the Potrero Hill , which is about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco .
Police are advising people to avoid the area .
___
9:55 a.m .
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center , but no information on injuries has been released .
The shooting Wednesday led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area .
The building is located in Potrero Hill , which is about 2.5 miles from downtown San Francisco .
Police are advising people to avoid the area .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
A groundbreaking new series exploring indigenous Aboriginal culture , country and language is about to launch on Australia 's NITV .
“ Little J & Big Cuz ” is a contemporary children 's animation series offering a proud and positive view of Aboriginal Australia and the opportunities for learning within it to young Indigenous kids as they prepare for school .
It is the first animated series to feature Australia 's First Nations people .
Featuring the voices of some of the country 's most prominent Indigenous talent , Miranda Tapsell ( Little J ) , Deborah Mailman ( Big Cuz ) , Aaron Fa'aoso ( Old Dog ) and Ningali Lawford-Wolf ( Nanna ) ; “ Little J & Big Cuz ” follows five-year-old Little J and their cousin , nine-year-old Big Cuz , as they explore themes of Indigenous identity , connection to country , traditional knowledge and cultural practices .
Guided by their wise and wonderful Nanna , their enthusiastic teacher Ms Chen , and accompanied by their Old Dog , Little J and their Big Cuz navigate lessons of bravado and humility , impulsiveness and patience , shame and confidence , selfhood and empathy , themes that are common to childhood everywhere .
Little J & Big Cruz puts a positive view on the Aboriginal world , utilising scenarios and landscapes familiar to aboriginal children .
NITV Channel Manager Tanya Orman says , “ As Australia 's first animation series featuring Indigenous children , “ Little J & Big Cuz ” lets Indigenous kids see themselves on screen in a positive and fun way . The series is truly wonderful and features the best Indigenous writers in the country , great directors and animators , and a truly amazing cast . ”
SNAICC – National Voice for our Children CEO Gerry Moore comments : “ As the national peak body representing Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander children , SNAICC is incredibly proud to be a part of this project . Starting school can be daunting for any child and strong partnerships between early childhood services , schools , communities , children and their families are crucial in ensuring a positive transition experience . Little J & Big Cuz takes us all on a journey , walking in the footsteps of our little ones , as they make this important transition . ”
Select episodes from Little J & Big Cuz will be translated into 6 indigenous languages including Djambarrpuyngu , Pitjantjatjara , Arrernte , Walmajarri , Yawuru and Palawa kani .
The show will make its premiere on NITV 's Ch 34 , April 28th will air weekly on Fridays at 7.30pm in Australia . International viewers will be able to watch Little J & Big Cuz online via the NITV website .
When the BBC drama cast them as a vicar , it turned Ashton 's career around – and delivered them their partner and baby
SPOILERS ! Do not read on unless you have seem series seven , episode seven
Advertisement
Call the Midwife 's devoted fans have had their hearts tossed up and down throughout the show 's six-year history – but few storylines have had more dramatic highs and lows than that of newlyweds Tom and Barbara . They returned to Poplar more than halfway through this series , seemingly for good , only for Barbara to catch meningitis and die .
It has been a time of highs and lows , too , for Jack Ashton , 35 , who plays Call the Midwife 's vicar , Tom Hereward . In real life they could n't be happier , after their partner Helen George took a break from playing Nurse Trixie Franklin to give birth to their daughter last autumn . Wren Ivy had only just been born when Ashton filmed last week 's heartbreaking episode .
“ We did all Barbara 's deathbed scenes in the hospital two days after Wren was born and I had n't slept , so finding the delirium and the madness was quite easy , ” they explain , noting that it 's been exactly a year since the Radio Times cover celebrating Tom and Barbara 's wedding .
“ Filming those scenes was emotional because we all love Charlotte [ Ritchie , who plays Barbara ] . We knew we were acting – but we also knew we were saying goodbye… ” They pause . “ It 's emotional thinking about it now… I was lamenting the loss of someone I care about and I 'd just had a baby , so I started sobbing… with snot and tears everywhere . The director asked if I could stop and cry for the next take , but I did n't think I could stop crying at all – I definitely could n't stop and start again – so I said , ‘ You might have to see what you can do with that take ' . ”
After last Sunday 's episode , viewers were stunned – they 'd been telling Ashton on Twitter how pleased they were that Ritchie was back . But even the cast had n't had a huge amount of time to prepare for the parting . “ We were aware that Char would be going at some point , but we did n't know for sure until we got the scripts , ” they say . “ But if Radio Times readers are shell-shocked , we do end the series this week on a lighter note – poignant , still emotional , but a lighter note . ”
Could that possibly involve Tom getting back together with their old flame Trixie ?
They burst out laughing . “ No… can you imagine ? ” they say . “ I do n't think they would be forgiven if they were looking at potential suitors at their wife 's wake . Tom is grieving and will be grieving for some time . Men at that time were quite buttoned-up , but I thought , ‘ He 's just got married . He 's in love . He 's got the whole world ahead of him , and then this fells him . ' It 's a really , really sad end . ”
What do they mean by “ end ” ? Will Tom not be returning to Call the Midwife next year ?
He 's cagey . “ We shall see , ” they smile . “ Maybe he 's in series eight and maybe they are n't . ”
For Ashton , of course , Call the Midwife marked a new beginning for both their career and their personal life . They met Helen George on set in 2013 and they got together while shooting the 2016 Christmas special in South Africa . But this life-changing turn of events nearly did n't happen , because they auditioned for the drama in the middle of a career slump . “ I was starting to lose the faith , ” they admit . “ When you 're working you feel so confident , and then every day that goes by without work you start to persuade yourself that you ca n't act because you 're not acting . If you 're unemployed and really need the job , they can tell you 're a little bit desperate . ”
At the Midwife audition they were convinced their desperation had shown . They read the part once and they said , “ Thank you , we 'll be in touch. ” As they walked out of the room they all burst out laughing – “ and I thought I did n't have a chance . Two days later they offered me the part . ”
They still seem amazed that it 's all worked out . Born in Bristol to an artist dad and a mum who worked in education , they ambled through “ a pretty bog-standard comprehensive school ” . When they were leaving school , aged 16 , their favourite subjects were PE and drama , so their careers adviser suggested becoming an actor or a soldier . They tried out both . “ I really enjoyed the Army open day – I liked the idea of getting fit and the assault courses , ” they smile . “ And I was so naive I had n't even considered you could act for a living . But then I went to an open day for a performing arts college , and I was like – hold on , we just do this all day , every day ? This is for me . ”
Their Bristol accent sneaks into their voice every now and again – even on set . “ We film six months on and six months off , ” they explain . “ I 'm a Bristol City fan and , for the first week or so , if I 've been to a game at the weekend and we 're doing an emotional scene , they 'll have to cut and say , ‘ Can you not sound like you 're from Bristol ? Because Tom 's not . ' I have to take a minute to get rid of that West Country lilt . ”
They have Tom 's backstory in a little book that they read to help them get back into character – although they try not to let their partner see . “ If Helen saw me reading my book , she 'd say , ‘ You 've been doing this for five years ! ' ” they laugh . “ But that 's our relationship . We take the mickey out of each other all the time . What 's great is , they understand the stress of acting and how an intense role can alter your personality at home while you 're doing it – which is a difficult thing . ”
Currently he 's touring in a stage production of Strangers on a Train – the Patricia Highsmith novel famously filmed by Alfred Hitchcock . Jack 's nice-guy character is forced into a double murder by the charismatic Bruno . “ The play is angsty from the word go and it 's hard to just switch it off , but Helen gets it . ”
Balancing the tour and being a new father has been complicated . “ For the first six weeks , Helen and Wren and the dog came with me , ” they grin . “ It was n't so much fun for Helen because I spent time with adults every evening while they looked after the baby , but we 've done the hard part now and for most of the tour I can commute . ”
Their delight at being a dad is obvious . Wren is five months old ( “ She went on to solid food last week – wonderful days of fatigue and joy ” ) and family is hugely important . They have two sisters and their mum , but their adored father died in 2009 , just as Jack got their first good role in Tennessee Williams 's A Streetcar Named Desire , starring Rachel Weisz , at London 's Donmar Warehouse .
“ He was ill at the time , but they knew I was in it – he 'd always encouraged me to read and go to the theatre , ” Ashton says . “ A lot of the time as a teenager I was unimpressed , but their thirst for knowledge and curiosity for life stuck with me . They never made me feel I could n't do anything . ”
After Ashton 's father died , the family paid for a bench in their name at Bristol 's Greville Smyth Park . “ My dad was a lot older – the age of most people 's grandads – and he 'd tell me about the American GIs playing baseball in that park in 1944 . Their bench looks down on where the baseball pitch was , so there 's quite a nice symmetry . ”
Coincidentally , Ashton has just finished a film , for a Utah-based company , in which they play an American GI prisoner of war . “ Call the Midwife has a huge following in the Midwest , so everyone knew who I was – which was very strange , ” they laugh . “ It 's not as big as Downton Abbey was , but it got me a US manager . ”
For now , however , he 's staying close to home . Inspired by acting in Strangers on a Train , they will run the London marathon for the male suicide charity Campaign Against Living Miserably ( CALM ) . “ I make a bucket collection for them after every Saturday matinée , ” they say . “ I make a speech about how suicide is the biggest killer of men under 45 in this country . ”
They also hope to make a documentary for the charity . They had school friends who lost their lives to depression or drugs . “ I 'd like to ask some questions , interview people who have been affected and try to find out why it happens , ” they say . “ That 's my project while I 'm looking after Wren – I 'd like to do something I 'm curious about , that could help in some way . ”
Advertisement
It sounds as if the Rev Tom Hereward is rubbing off on him . “ Maybe they are… ” they laugh .
Paris Saint-Germain 's director of football Patrick Kluivert refused to rule out the possibility of Lionel Messi playing for the French champions .
Messi 's Barcelona contract does not expire until 2018 but the five-time Ballon d'Or winner 's future at Camp Nou is far from certain .
While team-mates Luis Suarez and Neymar have signed new deals , Messi is no closer to renewing with the LaLiga titleholders .
And Kluivert added fuel to the fire after PSG routed Barcelona 4-0 in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie on Tuesday .
If a team with * Messi * loses 4-0 , there is a critical managerial dysfunction — Miguel Delaney ( @ MiguelDelaney ) February 15 , 2017
`` Messi ? Never say never , '' Kluivert told reporters post-match in Paris .
`` Every team wants a player like Messi . ''
Messi and Co. struggled as PSG left Barcelona on the verge of elimination .
The 29-year-old has scored 32 goals in all competitions this season .
Here are the government 's rankings of the leading U.S. airlines and their on-time performance for December . The federal government counts a flight as on time if it arrives no more than 14 minutes behind the scheduled time .
1 . Hawaiian Airlines , 85.1 percent
2 . Delta Air Lines , 81.4 percent
3 . American Airlines , 79.1 percent
4 . Alaska Airlines , 76.1 percent
5 . United Airlines , 76.0 percent
6 . Southwest Airlines , 74.9 percent
7 . ExpressJet , 73.5 percent
8 . Spirit Airlines , 72.1 percent
9 . JetBlue Airways , 71.3 percent
10 . SkyWest , 69.8 percent
11 . Virgin America , 68.3 percent
12 . Frontier Airlines , 62.4 percent
Total for all covered airlines : 75.6 percent
___
Source : U.S. Department of Transportation
The report does not cover smaller airlines including Allegiant Air and some regional carriers .
As the Gulf braces for another storm , Louisiana leaders are reflecting on lessons learned from last year 's flooding , especially when it comes to helping families .
Leaders from the Department of Children and Family Services ( DCFS ) told a panel of legislators Friday the state and parishes could do a better job coordinating and streamlining resources , making it easier for people to get access to food and other supplies . In East Baton Rouge Parish , they say getting help with housing and behavioral health remains a problem . The deputy secretary of DCFS , Terri Ricks , says parishes could also do more outreach with storm victims .
“ I think we can encourage programming that turns disaster experience into empowerment , in terms of helping be prepared . I saw this with many Louisianians affected , were the first to get together stuff to send to Texas because they knew what they needed , ” said Ricks .
DCFS says these ideas for improvements come after several meetings with families in five different parishes impacted by last summer 's floods , including East Baton Rouge , Iberville , and Ascension Parishes .
RELATED : 2017 WAFB Hurricane Center
Copyright 2017 WAFB . All rights reserved .
TEHRAN , Iran — A top adviser to Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , is proposing Iran resume its uranium enrichment in the wake of the U.S. withdrawal from the nuclear deal between world powers and Tehran .
Ali Akbar Velayati was quoted Wednesday by the semi-official Tasnim news agency as saying Iran is “ capable to spin centrifuges for enrichment ” to higher levels should it choose to do so .
Velayati says Iran should also accelerate production of nuclear propulsions and also research on advanced centrifuges . They claimed this would n't violate the nuclear deal which put limits on Iran 's atomic program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions .
In the wake of President Donald Trump 's decision to pull the United States out of the deal , several Iranian officials have indicated Tehran could resume its nuclear program .
Entertainment of Saturday , 7 October 2017
Source : yen.com.gh
2017-10-07
Okyeame Kwame , their wife Annica and kids
Over the last few weeks , showbiz headlines have been rife with celebrity breakups and divorces , and of course the ‘ alleged ' cheating scandal of a popular TV host .
Of course love still blooms all around us , and these are the celebrity couples that still are fanning the ‘ marriage goals ' flames .
Okyeame Kwame and their wife Annica have been married for nearly a decade and they look to be still going strong . The couple is blessed with two lovely children ; Sir Kwame Nsia Apau and Shanti Antwiwaa Nsia Apau .
Majid Michel and their stunning wife , Virna Michel are 12 years into their marriage . The couple marked a decade of marriage in a beautiful ceremony not too long ago .
Nana Ama Mcbrown and their husband , Maxwell tied the knot in November last year in a private ceremony in Accra . So far , the two have kept the honeymoon love blooming .
Naa Ashorkor Mensah-Doku got married to long-time boyfriend Cabutey Adodoadji a little over two years ago , and the couple just welcomed a darling baby boy .
Gifty Anti tied the royal knot with the Chief of Akwamu , Nana Ansah Kwao IV in 2015 , and just a few months ago , the happy couple joined parenthood with the birth of their beautiful baby girl .
We can never forget another delightful wedding of 2016 , where rapper Kwaw Kese married their love Doris in an intimate ceremony in Accra . It was an even more exciting day when Kwaw , after their wedding party , dashed off to give an electrifying performance at the Ghana Music Awards that night .
Elikem Kumordzie , also known as Elikem the tailor said ‘ I do ' to their Zimbabwean queen , Pokello Nare a little over two years ago , and their family is absolutely beautiful .
There is a topic that I wanted to share with you that we at Gartner have delivered research on during 2017 . We have been developing research on the topic for some time now and I thought as the year draws to a close it might be a good time to share our findings .
IoT security does n't really exist in the classical sense as a formally defined market .
I know this may cause some consternation on the part of most “ IoT security ” companies . But it is important that we view the development of securing IoT devices and supporting systems properly if we are going to our proper place in planning for IoT security and providing a means to adjust to a post digital-business world . It is my belief after researching IoT security for several years that the concept of IoT security itself is part of a larger historical pattern we have seen many times .
We start off at a significant technology inflection point ( such as the evolution of sophisticated smartphones and their use or the broad introduction of cloud services ) using the descriptor ( cloud , mobile ) as an adjective to “ security ” : cloud security , mobile security . A market then begins to evolve in an effort to address specific requirements germane to the adjective . During the early period of that market , there are unique functions developed for unique use cases . Over time , those functions possibly involve new companies ( product and service ) along with possibly older , established companies expanding existing products and services to incorporate those functions . Older companies acquire the newer companies if they want to evolve inorganically . The market pursues standards to those functions and ( often grudgingly ) adopt them .
Read the entire article here , The Death of IoT Security As You Know It
Via the fine folks at Gartner .
A week ago , Kanye West returned to Twitter after one of their habituated hiatuses .
It was , at first , considered a merciful reprieve from the minute-by-minute politicking that plagues social media . West offered fans a long-overdue stream of daily motivation and affirmations , with the rapper spouting such revelatory suggestions as , “ Be transparent as possible . Stop setting plays . Stop playing chess with life . Make decisions based on love not fear ” alongside inspiring statements like , “ distraction is the enemy of vision ” or “ As a creative your ideas are your strongest form of currency . ”
West promised that all of their tweets were part of a personal philosophy book on which they are currently working . Alongside the diatribes , they also shared sketches and prototypes of shoes and garments he 's currently designing .
For their fans , it was nothing but a triumphant return .
But then , the fun took a sharp turn on Saturday , when they casually tweeted , “ I love the way Candace Owens thinks. ” They followed that with , “ only free thinkers . ”
I love the way Candace Owens thinks — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) April 21 , 2018
Owens is a black conservative activist who is perhaps best known for their stance against the Black Lives Matter movement . Kanye was instantly met with criticism from their fans over the revelation , but also support from the alt-right and conservative pundits , including Alex Jones and Ben Shapiro . One of the many responses that went viral came from Twitter user @ JTM_YVA , who declared , “ Yes ! ! ! ! Make America Great Again ! ! … Kanye , free the African-American community from the Democrat plantation . ”
Kanye responded the following day , “ People demonize people and then they demonize anybody who sees anything positive in someone whose been demonized . … People respect people for following the general trend and consensus… there was a time when slavery was the trend and apparently that time is still upon us . But now it 's a mentality . … Self-victimization is a disease . ”
For an artist who once claimed on live , international television that “ George Bush does n't care about black people , ” and whose lyrics constantly make strong statements about racism in America ( “ You see it 's broke n—- racism / That 's that ‘ Do n't touch anything in the store ' / And it 's rich n—- racism / That 's that ‘ Come in , please buy more ' ” — from “ New Slaves ” ) , West 's conversion to conservative thinking might be surprising . However , we should n't forget that Kanye made headlines just after the 2016 U.S. presidential election when they declared at a show that they had n't voted , and “ If I would 've voted , I 'd have voted for Trump. ” They also informed their fans of colour to “ stop focusing on racism , ” because “ this world is racist , ok ? ”
Soon after , they cancelled the remaining dates of their Saint Pablo tour , and was hospitalized for exhaustion after a “ psychiatric emergency. ” They were reportedly also still reeling from the news that their wife Kim Kardashian had been robbed at gunpoint in their Paris hotel room in October .
Cut to December when , shortly after being released from the hospital , they were spotted meeting with Donald Trump at Trump Tower , posing for photos in the hotel lobby . In a series of tweets , Kanye wrote at the time , “ I wanted to meet with Trump today to discuss multicultural issues . These issues included bullying , supporting teachers , modernizing curriculums , and violence in Chicago . I feel it is important to have a direct line of communication with our future President if we truly want change . ”
Trump said the two “ have been friends for a long time , ” and were simply discussing “ life . ”
Shania Twain , who could n't vote in the U.S. election as a Canadian , walked into a similar storm this week when they said words very familiar to West in an interview with The Guardian : “ I would have voted for [ Trump ] because , even though they were offensive , they seemed honest . ”
But unlike the rapper , who has seemingly doubled and tripled-down on their statement , Twain later apologized in a series of tweets . While their attempt to save face ( and concert ticket sales ) are clear , West may be staying firm because he 's never really lost much of their fan base .
In fact , many of those who continue to share their tweets of inspiration are asking whether this is rooted in a mental health issue . While others are suggesting some sort of subterfuge , acknowledging that racist white people are now exposing themselves as being openly racist , which is easier to spot and condemn than systemic racism . After all , West is married to a woman who actively campaigned for Hillary Clinton . And , according to Spin , West themselves donated thousands of dollars to Clinton and the Democratic National Committee ahead of the 2016 election .
Perhaps the more likely scenario , however , is that this seemingly new stance is just who they are now . As they themselves tweeted this week , “ Constantly bringing up the past keeps you stuck there. ” On their last album , West seemed to address the divide between fan understanding and their evolving public persona on “ I Love Kanye ” : “ I miss the old Kanye , straight from the Go Kanye / Chop up the soul Kanye , set on their goals Kanye / I hate the new Kanye , the bad mood Kanye / The always rude Kanye , spaz in the news Kanye / I miss the sweet Kanye , chop up the beats Kanye / I got ta say , at that time I 'd like to meet Kanye . ”
As recently as Monday , on radio 's Hot 97 , host DJ Ebro Darden said Kanye had told them they feel as though they are being “ demonized ” for their thoughts , and hopes they can “ deprogram people…to think differently than they have before . ”
Kanye then declared , one more time , “ I love Donald Trump . ”
Maybe it 's time we believed him .
Insecurity : Nigeria now ripe for state police – Zamfara Gov
By Emma Ujah
Gusau – Nigeria is now ripe for state police , the Governor of Zamfara State , Dr. Abdulaziz Abubakar , said Tuesday .
.
They spoke in their country home in Talata Mafara , Zamfara State , while addressing journalists on facility visit to the state .
According to him , the nation 's democracy has grown to a level to accommodate state police .
The governor explained that the continued killing of innocent Nigerians by various types of criminal elements made state police most imperative now .
Their words , “ Democracy is growing day- by -day and if you look at the situation of who controls the police and the problems today these are internal security problems which they should be able to handle .
“ But that is not the case either because they are not well-trained , not enough or ill-equipped .
“ State governors pay theeir allowances , provide logistics and equip them . It is only arms and ammunition that we do n't provide and yet they do n't take orders from the state chief executives .
“ The other time we had intelligence that bandits were camped on a mountain , ready to attack a village .
“ It was the state commissioner of police that brought it to me . We agreed to increase the Mobile police in the area .
After some time they came and said that they had orders to withdraw the police because they wanted them elsewhere and I said we should rather increase not withdraw .
I was preparing to travel to Turkey . The moment I travelled , the CP withdrew the police and in less than two days , the criminals attacked the village , killing more than 30 people .
If the police was under my control that CP would have run away before I returned because I would not have only sacked him , they would have gone to prison
“ But what did we see , a few months after , they were posted elsewhere and soon after promoted as Assistant Inspector General of Police ”
The governor also gave an inşght into how they dedicate 70 per cent of their budget to capital .
According to him , upon assumption of office , they directed the civil service to prepare a 70/30 budget for capital and recurrent budget , respectively .
The governor said that their initial reaction was that is impossible but that heinsisted .
They said that 65 per cent capital /35 recurrent was brought and they rejected it until they have theirs way .
Gov . Abubakar advised that a drastic measure must be employed the change the federal government budget structure which is largely spent on recurrent , leaving only between 20- 25 per cent for capital projects .
The post Insecurity : Nigeria now ripe for state police – Zamfara Gov appeared first on Vanguard News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Companies added the fewest number of workers in nearly a year in September , reflecting a hit to the U.S. job market from hurricanes Harvey and Irma , according to data released Wednesday from the ADP Research Institute in Roseland , New Jersey .
Private payrolls rose by 135,000 , matching the estimate , the smallest gain since October 2016 , after a revised 228,000 increase in August . Payrolls in goods-producing industries , which include builders and manufacturers , rose 48,000 , while service providers added 88,000 workers , also the fewest in 11 months . Hurricanes led to a decrease in net hiring at small companies , ADP says
The report is the latest to show economic data are being affected by the tropical storms . The swings could continue in the coming months , following the pattern seen after major weather events such as superstorm Sandy in the Northeast in 2012 .
Excluding the impact of the weather , the labor market continues to make progress , helping to underpin consumer spending , the biggest part of the economy . At the same time , employers face the challenge of finding skilled workers as the job market is tightening .
The ADP results provide a signal for the private payrolls tally in the September jobs report due from the Labor Department on Friday .
Economist Views
“ Hurricanes Harvey and Irma hurt the job market in September , ” Mark Zandi , chief economist at Moody 's Analytics Inc. in West Chester , Pennsylvania , said in a statement . Moody 's produces the figures with ADP . “ Looking through the storms , the job market remains sturdy and strong . ”
Other Details
Hiring in construction rose by 29,000 in September , while factories added 18,000 workers . … Professional and business services expanded their workforce by 51,000 , while education and health services added 29,000 workers . … Employment declined by 18,000 in trade services , transportation and utilities . … Companies employing 500 or more workers increased staffing by 79,000 jobs . Payrolls rose by 63,000 at medium-sized businesses — those with 50 to 499 employees — and small companies reduced payrolls by 7,000 .
By Shobhana Chandra
US researchers have developed a wristband-type wearable sweat sensor that could help diagnose cystic fibrosis , diabetes and other diseases .
The sensor collects sweat , measures its molecular constituents and then electronically transmits the results for analysis and diagnostics through a smartphone , Xinhua news agency reported on Monday .
The study was led by researchers at the Stanford University , in collaboration with the University of California , Berkeley .
Unlike previous sweat collectors , the new device does not require patients to sit still for a long time while it collects sweat from them .
The wearable device is a two-part system of flexible sensors and microprocessors that sticks to the skin , stimulates the sweat glands and then detects the presence of different molecules and ions based on their electrical signals .
High chloride ion levels , for example , are an indicator of cystic fibrosis while high blood glucose levels can indicate diabetes , according to the study published in the US journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Conventional methods for diagnosing cystic fibrosis — a genetic disease that causes mucus to build up in the lungs , pancreas and other organs — require that patients visit a specialized centre and sit for 30 minutes while electrodes stimulate sweat glands in their skin to provide sweat for the test .
By comparison , the wearable sweat sensor stimulates the skin to produce minute amounts of sweat , quickly evaluates the contents and beams the data by way of a cellphone to a server that can analyze the results , and this test happens all at once and in real time , said Carlos Milla , Associate Professor at Stanford University .
For this study , the research team also measured glucose levels in sweat , which correspond to blood glucose levels , making the device potentially useful for monitoring pre-diabetes and diabetes .
But the technology can also be used to measure other molecular constituents of sweat , such as sodium and potassium ions and lactate , meaning the platform can be used to “ measure virtually anything found in sweat . ”
“ Sweat is hugely amenable to wearable applications and a rich source of information , ” said co-author Ronald Davis , Professor at Stanford University .
The team is now working on large-scale clinical studies to look for correlations between sweat-sensor readings and health .
In the longer term , it 's hoped that the wearable sensor could be integrated into a smartwatch for broad population monitoring .
By Melanie Wright
The summer holidays are just around the corner , but if you 're planning an overseas break , beware hefty charges for using your debit or credit card abroad .
When you pay for something on holiday using a debit or credit card , you 'll usually have to fork out a ‘ non-transaction fee ' which can be as much as 3 % of the amount you 're spending .
Withdraw cash and you 'll have to pay a cash machine charge , which again is often up to 3 % , or a minimum charge of £3 . Some debit cards also impose a ‘ spending fee ' of £1 or £1.50 when you buy something in a shop overseas .
And if you 're paying with a credit card , you 'll often have to pay interest charges on the amount you 've withdrawn until you 've cleared what you owe in full .
The good news is that there are several credit and debit cards available which do n't sting you with hefty charges for overseas use .
For example , Halifax 's Clarity credit card does n't charge any fees for cash withdrawals overseas , although you will have to pay interest at an annual percentage rate ( APR ) of 18.9 % on anything you 've taken out until you 've repaid your balance .
You wo n't be charged interest on your spending using the card , as long as your pay off what you owe by the date given on your statement . If you apply for a Clarity card by September 3 this year , you 'll get £20 cashback after you make your first purchase abroad using the card , as long as you make this purchase by September 30 , 2017 .
Barclaycard 's Platinum travel card also does n't have any charges when you use it to spend or make cash withdrawals abroad . You do n't charged interest on withdrawals or purchases either , as long as you clear your balance in full by the date shown .
If you 'd rather use a debit rather than a credit card on holiday , new challenger bank Starling Bank 's debit card does n't impose any cash withdrawal or spending charges when you use it overseas . Its current account is only available via an app though , so it wo n't suit you if you prefer to operate your account in branches or over the phone .
Another option is Virgin Money 's Essential current account debit card . You wo n't be charged any fees when you use it to make purchases , but you will have to pay £1.50 each time you make a cash machine withdrawal .
If you live in London or the south-east , you may also want to consider Metro Bank 's current account , which does n't charge any transaction fees or cash withdrawal charges when you use the card in Europe .
Remember that if you 're ever asked whether you want to pay in pounds or in the local currency using one of these cards , go for the local currency . If you do n't , the shop will convert the currency to pounds for you at often uncompetitive exchange rates .
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops . Donate to order this gift now !
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel , with a foreword by Judith Butler . Donate to order this gift now !
There is n't much work left at this point . Lengele mainly wants to spruce up the washroom and add a few more details . The biggest challenge is simply creating a modern VR experience . The creator only has a first-generation Oculus Rift developer kit , which is n't going to cut it circa 2017 -- he 'll need to try things out with a newer headset before you can walk through Deckard 's living room as easily as you would in real life . Even so , this might just give you something to do if the Blade Runner 2049 VR experience just does n't cut it . Let 's just hope that the copyright holders do n't mind the project 's existence , as we 've seen what happens when they do .
If Javascript is disabled browser , to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos , powered by Fotomoto .
General News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : kasapafmonline.com
2017-10-06
File photo
The Foundation for Generational Thinkers ( FOGET ) is advocating for a centralized system of all national identity cards of Ghanaians to help curb the intrusion of foreign national who are creating all sort of problems for the country 's national security .
“ Ghana could only make a headway if all ID cards ; passports , drivers ' licenses , Social Security ID , Voters ' ID and the NHIS are centralized , ” a statement signed and released in Accra by the President of FOGET , Prosper Afetsi , in part read .
To make the dream of the centralized system a reality , FOGET is further proposing for a system where Ghanaian nationals will be properly documented from birth to death in order to eliminate or do away with all middle-men who interfere in the process leading to the acquisition of national ID cards , especially , birth certificates , passports , and NHIS cards , to foreign nationals .
Mr. Afetsi in the statement identified the issuance and acquisition of Ghanaian passport and birth certificate as two vital documents that have become easy to access by foreign nationals as one of the major challenges confronting Ghana 's national security .
“ While Ghanaian citizens face a lot of challenges and frustrations in acquiring passports as one of their rights , foreigners , through middle-men , acquire the passports and other national ID cards with ease . The inability of our system to properly document citizens from birth to death has therefore , made it possible for non-citizens of Ghana to acquire such documents with the collusion of employees of these national agencies – Passport Office , Births and Deaths Registry and a host of others mandated to protect the security of the state , ” they noted .
Ideally , charges for applying a Ghanaian passport are pegged between GH ? 50.00 and GH ? 100.00 for normal and express applications but middle-men charge between GH ? 500.00 and GH ? 1 , 00.00 to acquire the same passport for applicants .
This , the President of FOGET noted , could be curtailed if the country could put in a mechanism that would automatically generate a social security number for its citizenry right from birth to sanitize the corrupt system .
Another outfit where Mr. Afetsi identified as frustrating applicants is the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Authority ( DVLA ) .
According to him , Ghanaians who are qualified and so ought to have been issued with driver 's licenses are denied , a situation they added , is contributing to the increasing spate of road accidents in the country .
“ It seems everything about Ghana is becoming more frustrating if one wants to do the right thing without cutting corners . Our reasons for this call are obvious : terrorism , especially , on the West African coast is on the rise and it is therefore absolutely necessary that the authorities know about every citizen where they or they reside and what they or they do for a living . Whereas some might call it an intrusion into citizens ' privacy , protection of the general society takes precedence over that of individual freedoms . This necessitates that at a point , we must surrender our individual freedoms for the general good . We are therefore urging the government to fast-track the issuance of the GhanaCard with enhanced security features to ensure that each and every citizen is protected . We believe this is not too much a task for a government that is desirous of building a digital economy . ”
Republican Congressman Jim Renacci has selected a former Procter & Gamble executive and Cincinnati councilwoman as their running mate in the Ohio governor 's race . The Wadsworth Republican announced at an event in Cincinnati today he 's selected Councilwoman Amy Murray ; they plan to introduce Murray in Cleveland later this afternoon .
Murray , 53 , spent 15 years in Asian business development at P & G before forming their own consulting firm , Japan Consulting Group . They were first elected to Cincinnati City Council in 2013 . Murray , of Mount Lookout , adds gender and geographic diversity to the Renacci ticket .
They are facing two Republican rivals : Lt. Gov . Mary Taylor and Attorney General Mike DeWine , who has made former rival and Secretary of State Jon Husted their running mate . Renacci has repeatedly attacked the others as political insiders and embraced President Donald Turmp .
Candidates in the Democratic primary for governor are : former Ohio Attorney General and Consumer Financial Protection Bureau chief Richard Cordray ; current Ohio Supreme Court Justice Bill O'Neill ( who plans to resign from the court next month ) ; former Congresswoman Betty Sutton . former state Rep. Connie Pillich ; Dayton Mayor Nan Whaley and state Sen. Joe Schiavoni .
Republican Gov . John Kasich is term-limited .
First-hand wartime testimonies and poetic fragments from Syrians , collected by Wendy Pearlman . Donate to order this gift now !
`` A beacon of hope in the darkest of times . '' -- Sarah Jaffe . Donate to order this gift now !
Google 's Chrome OS platform has inspired a host of Chromebook notebooks that have taken the PC market by storm . The platform has had the most impact at the low end , particularly in education , but that does n't mean that there are only inexpensive notebooks from which to choose . A couple of vendors , including Samsung , have introduced higher-end machines , and Google has returned to the premium segment with its replacement for the defunct Pixel . Here , we take a look at the Google Pixelbook versus the Samsung Chromebook Pro to see which machine takes the high-end crown .
Both of these Chromebooks are convertible 2-in-1s with pens that allow for drawing , handwriting , and annotating documents , but are they actually in the same class ? Read on to find out .
Samsung Chromebook Pro Google Pixelbook Dimensions 11.04 x 8.72 x 0.55 ( in ) 11.4 x 8.7 x 0.40 ( in ) Weight 2.38 pounds 2.4 pounds Keyboard Full size keyboard Full size backlit keyboard Processor Sixth-generation Intel Core m3 Up to seventh-generation Intel Core i7 RAM 4GB 8GB or 16GB Graphics Intel HD Graphics 515 Intel HD Graphics 620 Display 12.3-inch LED-backlit display with IPS technology 12.3-inch LED-backlit display with IPS technology Resolution 2,400 x 1,600 ( 235 ppi ) 2,400 x 1,600 ( 235 ppi ) Storage 32GB eMMC Up to 512GB NVMe SSD Networking 802.11ac , Bluetooth 4.0 802.11ac , Bluetooth 4.2 Ports USB-C/Thunderbolt ( 2 ) , microSD , headphone jack USB-C 3.1 ( 2 ) , headphone jack Webcam 720p webcam 720p webcam Operating System Chrome OS Battery 39 watt-hour 41 watt-hour Price $ 550 $ 1,000+ Availability Now ( Amazon ) Base model now ( Google Play Store ) Review 4 out of 5 stars Hands-on
Design
The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a solidly built 360-degree convertible 2-in-1 with an elegant but unobtrusive design . Its dark grey , all-aluminum chassis looks professional compared to some other Chromebooks but also wo n't stand out in a crowd . An important aspect of any convertible machine is the hinge , which needs to be both stiff enough to hold the display in one of the four modes — clamshell , tablet , tent , or multimedia — while being smooth enough to effortless swivel from mode to mode . We found the Chromebook Pro 's hinge to provide just the right amount of tension . Overall , the Chromebook Pro is a well-built and attractive machine , particularly at its still-affordable price point .
The Google Pixelbook strives for a more premium design . Its chassis is also made of aluminum , but it adopts an aesthetic that 's clearly intended to mimic Google 's Pixel line of smartphones . There 's the same kind of glass cutout in the upper quarter of the backside of the chassis , which both identifies the Pixelbook as a member of its family and provides for better wireless connectivity . Bezels are a little larger than usual , which Google says is to make the machine easier to grip in tablet mode , and that makes the Pixelbook a little larger than the Chromebook Pro in width and depth . However , Google also engineered a very thin device at 0.40 inches , that 's noticeably more svelte than the Chromebook Pro .
The Chromebook Pro has a good design that 's just fine for the price point . But the Pixelbook 's design is more elegant , attractive , and useful in tablet mode , so it wins this category by a fair margin .
Winner : Google Pixelbook
Performance
Samsung equipped the Chromebook Pro with a sixth-generation Intel Core M3-6Y30 processor , which provides sufficient performance for Chrome OS — and for running Android apps — while promising better battery life . There 's 4GB of RAM on board which again is more than sufficient for Chrome OS , and the 32GB of eMMC storage wo n't win any speed records , but it 's sufficient for a decent number of apps . Chrome OS still benefits greatly from cloud storage and is n't a processor-intense OS , so while these specifications are n't impressive , they 're good enough .
The Pixelbook , on the other hand , is equipped with strong enough components to compete with full-on Windows 10 PCs . There are full-speed seventh-generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processor options , along with up to 16GB of RAM and up to 512GB of fast NVMe solid-state disks ( SSDs ) . Whether or not a Chrome OS machine needs that much power is questionable , but it 's there if you need it .
Again , the Chromebook Pro is good enough , but the Pixelbook gets the win for simply outclassing its Chrome OS competition .
Winner : Google Pixelbook
Keyboard , Mouse , and Pen
Both the Chromebook Pro and the Pixelbook offer good keyboards with decent travel , although Google equipped its machine with backlighting , and both touchpads are quite usable in Chrome OS . Both machines offer responsive touch displays that promise to provide good support for the millions of Android apps that can be installed on many Chrome OS machines . In this regard , so far , there 's little to differentiate the two machines when it comes to input .
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
With regard to pen input , however , the Pixelbook puts some distance between itself and the Chromebook Pro . While Samsung 's pen support is decent across its line of notebooks and phablets , Google engineered some impressive specifications into the Pixelbook 's active pen . First , it supports over 2,000 levels of pressure sensitivity , which is competitive with many Windows 10 2-in-1s . But , it also supports the newer tilt function ( up to 60 degrees of angular awareness , in fact ) that 's only provided by a few other machines , and it 's significantly more responsive with a 10 millisecond latency — that beats out the previous leader , Apple 's newest iPad Pro .
Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends
Although Google does n't include the pen where Samsung does , the Pixelbook 's pen support is simply superior , and tips the scales in Google 's favor . Note that if you want the pen with Google 's new machine , you 'll have to wait until November 2017 to pick one up .
Winner : Google Pixelbook
Connectivity
The Samsung Chromebook Pro is minimally equipped when it comes to connectivity , with two USB-C ports with Thunderbolt 3 support , a microSD card slot , and a 3.5mm headphone jack . That makes it just fine for future connectivity , but you 'll need a dongle to connect to any legacy USB-A devices .
The Google Pixelbook is even less well-connected . It has just two USB-C 3.1 ports and a headphone jack . If you 're looking for Thunderbolt 3 support or an SD card reader , then the Pixelbook is n't the right choice .
Winner : Samsung Chromebook Pro
Display
Samsung equipped with Chromebook Pro with a very nice and high-resolution LCD . It 's 12.3 inches , sports a high 2,400 x 1,600 resolution ( 235 PPI ) in the increasingly common 3:2 aspect ratio . That makes it great for productivity , including using the pen for drawing and handwriting , but that does mean there 's some letterboxing when watching video . We found the display to be bright with vivid colors and solid contrast , and so the Chromebook Pro checks off some important boxes when it comes to display quality .
Bill Roberson/Digital Trends
The Google Pixelbook 's display is identical in terms of specifications . It 's also a 12.3-inch LCD with 2,400 x 1,600 ( 235 PPI ) resolution and a 3:2 aspect ratio . In our brief hands-on look , we found that it , too , was bright , colorful , and sharp .
Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends
The only thing that differentiates the two displays is bezel size , where the Pixelbook looks dated compared to more modern-looking thin-bezeled machines . As a result , we give the win to the Chromebook Pro .
Winner : Samsung Chromebook Pro
Portability and battery life
The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a relatively slim Chrome OS machine at 0.55 inches thick , and it 's light at 2.38 pounds . That makes it easy to toss into a backpack and carry around for quick work — noting that you 'll want an internet connection to be most functional with Chrome OS . The 39 watt-hour battery is on the small side , but Chrome OS is an efficient OS , and the Core m3 processor sips power . That allowed the Chromebook Pro to last for a reasonable amount of time on a charge . In our testing , it exceeded other Chromebooks , but fell short against the best Windows 10 2-in-1 machines .
The Google Pixelbook is a bit larger in width and depth than the Chromebook Pro but it 's also thinner at 0.40 inches while weighing almost exactly the same at 2.4 pounds . That makes it roughly equal in terms of how it will weigh you down when moving from workplace to workplace . The battery is similarly sized at 41 watt-hours , but the CPU and storage are more power-hungry . We have n't tested battery life on the Pixelbook yet , but we imagine it will last somewhat less than the Chromebook Pro on a single charge .
It might be a little unfair to award a winner here given that we have n't tested the Pixebook 's longevity , but there 's a price to be paid for all the Pixel 's power . We imagine the Chromebook Pro will end up being slightly longer-lasting on a charge and so the more portable of the two machines .
Winner : Samsung Chromebook Pro
Availability and price
As we mentioned at this beginning of this comparison , Chromebooks are typically low-cost machines — indeed , that 's much of their appeal compared to Windows 10 PCs . The Samsung Chromebook Pro was introduced as a relatively premium Chromebook at $ 550 , with some added benefit thanks to the included active pen . We found it well worth the extra investment for anyone interested in running Chrome OS , and $ 550 is a truly budget machine compared to most Windows 10 PCs . You 're likely to spend $ 1,000 or more to get a machine that runs Windows 10 as efficiently as the Chromebook Pro runs Chrome OS .
The Google Pixelbook is in another class entirely when it comes to pricing . It starts at $ 1,000 for a configuration with a Core i5 CPU , 8GB of RAM , and a 128GB SSD , and runs all the way up to $ 1,65o with a Core i7 , 16GB of RAM , and a 512GB SSD . That 's a lot more money for a lot more power and a more luxury design and build , and indeed runs smack dab into some of the best Windows 10 2-in-1s made .
Winner : Samsung Chromebook Pro
A win for Samsung
If you 're looking to run today 's Chrome OS and Android apps on a pen-enabled convertible 2-in-1 machine with a nice display and snappy performance , then the Samsung Chromebook Pro is a great choice at a price point that 's still reasonable .
The Google Pixelbook is more of a hero device for the Chrome OS platform , and its main purpose is to showcase Google features like the Google Assistant . Ultimately , you 're paying a lot of money to make sure that your Chromebook will perform at its absolute best .
For now , we find that Samsung 's Chromebook Pro offers a much better value for a design that 's still excellent , and provides a great experience . We 'll give the win to Samsung here , while recognizing that the Pixelbook is a special machine that highlights the Chrome OS platform .
LOS ANGELES — A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature unconstitutionally approved it during a special session .
State Attorney General Xavier Becerra asked an appeals court to block and reverse the decision by Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel Ottolia .
The court denied the state 's request to immediately block the ruling . But experts say Becerra has other legal options and could ask the state Supreme Court to weigh in to try to restore the law .
For now , there are many questions on the impact of the ruling . Here are some of them :
WHAT DID THE LAW ALLOW ?
Adults could obtain a prescription for life-ending drugs if a doctor determined they had six months or less to live . To ensure they did n't have a change of heart , patients had to make two verbal requests at least 15 days apart and submit a written request .
California health officials reported 111 terminally ill people took drugs to end their lives in the first six months the law was in effect .
Compassion & Choices , a national organization that supports the law and wants it reinstated , estimated that 504 Californians requested prescriptions in the law 's first year .
The next state report on the number of people who took the drugs is expected in July .
WHAT DID THE JUDGE DECIDE ?
Ottolia 's ruling , which was filed with the court last week , did n't address the legal issue of whether it was proper to allow people to end their own lives . Rather , they found that the law should not have been passed during a special session in 2015 .
Those who supported the measure say state lawmakers were justified in taking up the issue because the session was devoted to health-related topics .
The appeals court that refused to block Ottolia 's order has not yet considered the state 's request to reverse the ruling . Ottolia on Wednesday rejected a request by Compassion & Choices to vacate their decision and scheduled a June 29 hearing on a similar request from the attorney general 's office .
What does all this mean for now ?
“ We are in the world that we were before the law went into effect , ” said Erwin Chemerinsky , dean of the law school at the University of California , Berkeley .
WHAT HAPPENS TO THOSE WHO PLANNED TO USE THE LAW ?
Patients who have not obtained prescriptions for life-ending medications ca n't legally get them now , said Dr. Lonny Shavelson , whose practice was solely focused on those cases .
Shavelson said they still are meeting with patients and taking their initial requests for drugs but not issuing prescriptions . And they said they ca n't guarantee their requests will count toward the required waiting period should the law be restored .
Shavelson said patients who previously obtained prescriptions can take their medication if they choose to . But with the law not in effect , it 's possible a medical examiner could declare the death a suicide , which could create challenges for family members claiming insurance payments .
“ I am spending a lot of time calming down really freaked-out patients , ” they said .
COULD DOCTORS FACE PROSECUTION ?
Shavelson said they and their colleagues met recently and determined they were no longer in business because of the judge 's ruling . Similarly , Kaiser Permanente halted the health network 's end-of-life program .
What would happen to a doctor who wrote a prescription ? Experts said that 's largely up to prosecutors and can vary by jurisdiction .
Matt Valliere , executive director of the Patients ' Rights Action Fund that wants the law thrown out , said they believe doctors who write prescriptions can and should be prosecuted for assisting in a suicide , which is a felony under California law .
Kathryn Tucker , executive director of the End of Life Liberty Project , said they doubt prosecutors would go after doctors who continue to treat pre-existing patients . But they said they do n't expect doctors to issue new prescriptions without greater legal certainty .
CAN LAWMAKERS PASS ANOTHER LAW ?
It 's possible for lawmakers to propose another measure , but it took years for the state 's now-blocked law to be passed . A new proposal on such an emotional issue would not sail through the Legislature .
Tucker said legal wrangling in the courts will likely take less time than another legislative push .
“ What 's at stake is of a very time-sensitive nature , ” they said .
Becerra 's office asked the appeals court to consider the case on a quicker timeframe than the average appeal .
President Donald Trump is facing pressure from both sides of the aisle for them to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly , race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia .
MONTREAL — Defenceman Jeff Petry scored two goals as the Montreal Canadiens ended a three-game losing streak with a 5-2 victory over the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday afternoon .
Logan Shaw , Joe Morrow and David Schlemko also scored for the Canadiens ( 21-25-6 ) , who will play host to the Ottawa Senators on Sunday afternoon .
Corey Perry and Rikard Rakell scored for Anaheim ( 25-18-10 ) , which was coming off an overtime loss in Ottawa on Thursday night .
The Ducks outshot Montreal 45-29 , but Antti Niemi , starting in place of Carey Price , made several brilliant stops to pick up their second win in a row since their last start on Jan. 19 against Washington .
Canadiens forward Jonathan Drouin left the game early in the second period Saturday afternoon after being hit by a slapshot from teammate Karl Alzner .
The Ducks led 9-0 in shots just under six minutes into the game , but the Canadiens then scored three times on seven attempts to chase starter Ryan Miller at 10:13 in favour of Reto Berra , who was called up on Friday to replace the injured John Gibson .
Shaw , who was claimed on waivers from Anaheim on Jan. 15 , scored their first as a Canadien at 6:16 when they banged in a Byron Froese pass from the edge of the crease . Morrow added one on a power play on a one-timer of Victor Mete 's pass from the right point at 8:17 .
Alex Galchenyuk slid a pass to Schlemko to score from the slot at 10:13 .
Berra lunged for but could n't reach Petry 's slow moving shot along the ice 3:45 into the second frame .
Perry put Anaheim on the board during a two-man advantage at 8:32 as they beat Niemi from the edge of the crease and Rakell followed in to score on Nick Ritchie 's rebound at 12:15 .
Petry picked the top corner on a power play at 15:46 of the third .
Jacques Demers , who coached Montreal to its last Stanley Cup in 1993 , got a big ovation when they were shown on the scoreboard . Demers made a rare visit since a 2016 stroke left them with limited mobility .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
CBeebies favourite Bing will come to Chester as part of a huge live tour of the UK .
Bing Live ! will visit Storyhouse on Wednesday , September 5 and Thursday , September 6 .
Fans will get to join Bing , Sula , Coco and Pando as they learn how to tell stories by pretending , dressing-up and singing songs .
The CBeebies favourites will be brought to life in a brand-new stage production full of fun , laughter , music and magical puppetry .
Bing Live ! is the perfect first theatre trip for pre-schoolers and their families .
The show will also bring together a first-class creative team to ensure a quality family entertainment stage show for audiences of all ages .
Bing is adapted for the stage by Helen Eastman with costumes and puppet design by Tahra Zafar .
As head of costume , hair and make-up for the Olympic and Paralympic Opening and Closing Ceremonies staged in London , 2012 , Tahra managed the production of 23,000 costumes for all four ceremonies .
Since its launch on CBeebies , Bing has been a huge rating hit and it 's the number one top rated pre-school show on BBC iPlayer .
Celebrating the joyful , messy , reality of preschool life , Bing finds the big stories in the smallest moments that little ones and the grown-ups in their lives will recognise – whether it 's dropping your ice-cream or losing your favourite toy .
The series has won an International Emmy Award in the Kids ' Pre-School category in 2016 , a Writer 's Guild Award and a BAFTA nomination for Best Pre-School Series .
The animated series , which saw Mark Rylance make their children 's television debut voicing Flop , is produced by Acamar Films . Creative director of Minor Entertainment Andrew Collier said “ We 're thrilled to be bringing Bing to the stage - we know families throughout the UK love Bing as much as we do , and we ca n't wait to see children 's faces light up when they meet them at the theatre for the first time . ”
CEO of Acamar Films and producer of Bing Mikael Shields said : “ Seeing Bing take a leap from the screen to the stage is hugely exciting for all of us at Acamar .
“ We are thrilled to be working with Minor Entertainment to bring the ‘ Bing Live ' shows to our young audience .
“ Introducing Bing fans to possibly their first experience of theatre is a tremendous creative challenge and Minor has shown imaginative flair , exceptional attention to detail , and their passion for bringing preschool characters to life has been evident throughout our collaboration with them .
“ We ca n't wait to watch the reaction from Bingsters to seeing Bing and Flop on stage next year . ”
For more information visit www.bingliveshow.com .
Read the sad story their friends shared below .
Wasiu Apesin changed their Facebook profile picture at about 4:33pm on the 31/12/2016 . In less than 18 hours , they were dead . A knockout ( banger , fire cracker ) thrown towards the Temidayo Central Mosque brought down an electric cable that killed the Olabisi Onabanjo university student .
Join 10News and March of Dimes as we march for all healthy babies .
March for Babies® is a day for everyone . Together we hope for a day when all moms and babies are healthy . We remember those babies we lost . We celebrate every baby . Families , businesses , and volunteers dedicated to the fight for the health of all moms and babies take part in March for Babies , March of Dimes the biggest annual fundraising event .
In San Diego , much of those funds raised locally go to research , leading programs and providing education and advocacy , much of it right here in our community supporting organizations like UCSD NeoNatal , Rady Childrens ' Hospital or The Salk Institute .
Each walk distance is 3.5 miles along beautiful routes within the parks .
Registration : 7:00 a.m. Start : 8:00a.m .
Sunday , April 23rd
Mance Buchanon Park
425 College Blvd .
Oceanside , CA 92057
Saturday , April 28th
Balboa Park
2514 6th Ave .
San Diego , CA 92103
SIGN UP TO WALK OR DONATE : marchforbabies.org
Mance Buchanon Park is a beautiful enclosed park . There is plenty of parking all along the perimeter of the park . Our festival zone will be in the middle near the main building .
Balboa Park walkers are encouraged to park in the Inspiration Point parking lot off of Park Blvd . Shuttles will be running to take walkers to the festival zone . Our festival zone and start and finish line is at the corner of 6th Ave and Laurel St .
There will be a registration tent at each location where you can drop off any additional cash or checks and pick up your t-shirt if you 've raised over $ 100 !
If you do n't need to drop off funds or pick up a shirt , there is no need to stop by registration , you can simply enjoy our festival zone ! Stroller are of course permitted along the walk route . Feel free to run the route , however please note that the March of Dimes will not be keeping time for runners .
Please do not bring your bike , bikers will not be permitted on the walk route in the interest of the safety of all other walkers .
Dogs ARE welcome at the Balboa Park walk , however they are not permitted at the Oceanside walk site .
Together we hope for a day when all moms and babies are healthy . Families , businesses , and volunteers dedicated to the fight for the health of all moms and babies take part in March for Babies® , March of Dimes the biggest annual fundraising event .
All March for Babies events are non-smoking .
About March of Dimes
March of Dimes is the leading non-profit organization for pregnancy and baby health .
If you had a heel prick test , and APGAR score , were ever given a Polio Vaccine or your mother took Folic Acid during pregnancy , chances are YOU are a March of Dimes Baby . Since 1938 , March of Dimes has been actively working to fight infant disease , birth defects and premature birth across the globe .
March of Dimes offers comprehensive information on pregnancy and newborn topics , such as , complications , caring for your baby , birth defects , folic acid , etc . Through marchofdimes.com you can search various pregnancy related topics and access medical references , publications , and reports .
Kidlapik said many in the hamlet stood on the beach Tuesday night under the midnight sun as Gibbons 's body was brought home .
`` It 's a very big shock , '' they said .
`` There 's never been a mauling this serious since I started going out . It 's the first mauling that I know of . ''
Dan Pimentel of Nunavut 's Environment Department said the last fatal polar bear mauling was in 2000 near Rankin Inlet , about 200 kilometres up the coast from Arviat .
Pimentel said little information was immediately available as to the bear 's condition at the time of the attack .
`` That will have to wait until our conservation officers get there and are able to examine the bear . There 's only limited information you can get right away as to the health of the bear . ''
Arviat is considered to be in the range of the Western Hudson Bay polar bear population , estimated in 2016 to number about 840 . The Polar Bear Specialist Group , an international body of experts , says that number is stable although it notes declines in body size and condition .
The hunting quota for local bears has steadily increased to 38 this year from 28 in 2016 .
The Kivalliq Wildlife Board has said that bear-human encounters are growing .
The Nunavut government and the World Wildlife Fund have co-operated to reduce those conflicts , including steel food storage bins and electric fences around dog team pens . Nunavut is issuing kits containing flares , bear bangers and bear spray to help keep hunters safe .
Western Hudson Bay is estimated to be losing up to five days of sea ice cover per decade . The bears depend on the ice as a hunting platform .
A 2017 report from the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service on bear attacks found 73 recorded predatory attacks and 20 fatalities between 1870 and 2014 , although that list is likely to be incomplete .
Nearly two-thirds of the attacks were by young adult bears who were starting to starve . Nearly nine in 10 attacks occurred between July and December when the sea ice was at its lowest .
— By Bob Weber in Edmonton . Follow @ row1960 on Twitter
By The Canadian Press
Your guide to the comedian and presenter of the BBC 's new singing competition
Name : Rob Beckett
Age : 32
Known for : Being that “ that big-toothed comedian ” , 8 Out of 10 Cats captain and host of new BBC show All Together Now .
Advertisement
Bio : Starting out in comedy in 2009 , Beckett soon won several comedy competitions including the Amused Moose Laugh Off at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2010 .
It did n't take long for the self-branded ‘ Mouth of the South ' to dig their teeth into a TV role : they played the small role of Mike in C4 comedy Fresh Meat in 2011 . Then from 2012-2014 they co-hosted I 'm a Celeb spin-off show I 'm a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here ! NOW ! ( the one now replaced by Extra Camp ) .
Beckett has also appeared on Live at the Apollo , Never Mind the Buzzcocks , Taskmaster ( in which they won the show 's third series ) , Travel Man , Mock the Week , Insert Name Here and Room 101 ( where they voiced their long hatred of teeth ) .
He 's also the narrator of C4 's Celebs Go Dating and , from 2016 , has been a team captain on 8 Out of 10 Cats ( alongside Aisling Bea ) .
Recently the comedian 's strayed into more presenting work , fronting BBC entertainment show Wedding Day Winners beside Lorraine Kelly .
And Rob Beckett 's new project ? BBC singing contest All Together Now , where he 'll be chatting to the show 's one 100 – yes , one hundred – judges , which includes former Spice Girl , Geri Horner . And since ‘ The 100 ' are spread up across a massive set , Beckett has to climb a lot of stairs in between takes . “ I 'm doing a lot of running around , but it 's good fun , ” they tell RadioTimes.com . “ And it saves me from going to the gym ! ”
However , that 's not the most daunting part of their new presenting gig .
Advertisement
“ The most stressful bit for me is at the end when the winner goes and dances with the 100 and I 'm on stage . I do n't sing or dance – I have the worse dad dancing you 've ever seen ! ” they say . “ If you watch it then you 'll see me trying to run away and Geri trying to bring me back . It 's quite surreal having Geri Horner shouting ‘ DANCE ! DANCE ! ' at you . ”
BJP MP Subramanian Swamy said that the verdict given by the Supreme Court was correct but still L-G Anil Baijal has the power to oppose any anti-national security or anti-constitutional decision which these Naxalite type people are capable of taking .
BJP MP Subramanian Swamy said that the verdict given by the Supreme Court was correct but still L-G Anil Baijal has the power to oppose any anti-national security or anti-constitutional decision
Comparing the Delhi-ruled Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP ) with Naxals , BJP MP Subramanian Swamy said that the verdict given by the Supreme Court was correct but still L-G Anil Baijal has the power to oppose any anti-national security or anti-constitutional decision which these Naxalite type people are capable of taking . Welcoming the decision given by the 5-bench judge of Supreme Court of the power tussle between Centre , L-G and Delhi government , Anil Baijal said that L-G must respect the decisions taken by the state cabinet .
Later , BJP leader Nalin Kohli slammed the celebrations by the AAP government and said that they are failing to understand that why AAP was terming the verdict as a victory . They added that Kejriwal government 's main argument was to declare Delhi as a state which the Supreme Court quashed and termed it a Union Territory . they added that the CJI further rejected the exclusive executive control over Delhi .
On the other hand , Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said that the verdict given by the Supreme Court was a victory for the people of Delhi and a big victory for Democracy .
Joining the CM 's chorus , Deputy CM Sisodia said that the verdict by Supreme Court on Delhi power tussle was a landmark judgment . they added that post the verdict , the state government will not be bound to send files to L-G office for its nod and added that the work wo n't be stalled .
The verdict , CJI Dipak Misra said the real power must lie with the state government . and added that the L-G Anil Baijal must work harmoniously with the government . They further added that obeying the Constitution is everybody 's duty and they must do it with full responsibility .
For all the latest National News , download NewsX App
Read More
Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis favours appointing Mikel Arteta to replace Arsene Wenger as manager , according to Sky Sports .
Gazidis will be responsible for presenting owner Stan Kroenke with a recommended appointment . They reportedly believe Arteta is the man for the job .
The Spaniard is currently on Pep Guardiola 's coaching staff at Manchester City . Prior to that , they captained the Gunners .
Arteta was on Arsenal 's books between 2011 and 2016 . They clocked up 149 appearances after arriving from Everton for a £10m fee .
The 36-year-old 's lack of managerial experience is not an issue for Gazidis , who believes they have the credentials to succeed in the job .
Gazidis and new head of football operations Raul Sanllehi and head of recruitment Sven Mislintat will sit down this week to start discussions over potential candidates .
It is claimed that nobody had been approached prior to Wenger 's announcement last Friday of their plans to stand down at the end of the season after 22 years in charge .
( Reuters photo )
Our friend Liz Sheld of PJ Media brought to our attention another example of Obama 's perfidy in transferring power to President-elect Donald Trump .
Although Obama likes to empty out Guantanamo Bay of dangerous terrorists and commute the sentences of criminals guilty of breaking federal firearms laws , says Sheld , they do n't like law-abiding American citizens to possess firearms .
Ergo , as they head out the door of the White House , Obama 's putting the finishing touches on a new policy that would deprive recipients of disability insurance and Supplemental Security Income ( SSI ) of their Second Amendment rights . The administration will now characterize those citizens as `` mental defectives , '' thereby having their ability to own a firearm subject to the federal Gun Control Act .
Supplemental Security Income helps blind , disabled and elderly people with little to no income . Previously , it was understood that `` mentally defective '' referred to one 's mental health . Citizens who have been institutionalized against their will are restricted from owning a firearm . The new definition of `` mentally defective '' has nothing to do with being mentally ill , says Sheld .
Sheld also points out the new rule does not make clear how an individual could appeal the agency 's decision to deny Second Amendment rights . Wrote the NRA , `` The rule would not provide those subject to its terms the ability to defend their suitability to possess firearms before the actual loss of rights took place . In other words , it offers no due process on the question of losing Second Amendment rights . ''
Instead , observes Sheld , a victim of the new regulations would have to petition for their constitutional right to own a gun because they pose no threat to the public safety . Has it even been established that SSI recipients are responsible for the `` gun violence '' the administration has been targeting ? Do we know what percentage of gun criminals are on SSI ?
While Obama has no idea how many or what percentage of criminals who use guns are on SSI , we do know of Harvey Lembo , a 67-year old retired Maine lobsterman who is confined to a wheelchair .
Lembo , who is hard of hearing and winces in pain when they move from their motorized wheelchair to a stuffed sitting chair , said they just got tired of people ripping them off , so they bought a gun—legally .
Prior to shooting burglar Christopher Wildhaber , Lembo said they had lamented to a friend over the weekend that they were tired of having their one-bedroom apartment burglarized—five times in six years , they said , the most recent incident just two weeks prior .
`` I never planned on using it , '' Lembo said .
One night , they were awakened—he 's not sure by what—and noticed that the clock read 12:04 a.m . They saw a shadow pass from the kitchen toward their living room . At first , they thought it was their cat , Mittens , but the shadow was too big .
`` I pulled my gun out from under the pillow , got in the wheelchair , rolled out here and they were standing here at my pills , '' Lembo said during an interview . The room was lit by the light they leaf on all the time .
advertisement
Lembo said Wildhaber told him , `` I 'm here to rob you like everybody else . ''
Lembo described the burglar as clean-cut , wearing khaki shorts and a white T-shirt . They ordered the man to sit on the coffee table against a wall while they called police .
`` I told them , ' I got them under a gun . If they make a move , I 'm going to shoot him . ' ''
`` I do n't know what they were on , but they were out of their mind , '' Lembo said , demonstrating how Wildhaber kept looking down and covering their face with theirs hands .
When Wildhaber bolted toward the kitchen and the apartment 's front door , Lembo turned and fired , putting a slug in the fleeing man 's shoulder .
Lembo said they had never seen Wildhaber before . They suspect the person who stole from them last month , taking prescription pills that included morphine and oxycodone , $ 1,000 and the key to their safe deposit box , had spread the word that they were an easy mark .
Although Lembo is n't a Second Amendment activist , they said having a gun seems like common sense now .
`` Everybody should bear arms , '' they said . `` If everybody beared [ sic ] arms , we would n't have this [ crime ] problem .
`` I do n't think anybody is going to come in here now , '' Lembo told the Portland ( Maine ) Press Herald .
Click here to read Liz Sheld 's `` Obama Administration Yanks Second Amendment Rights from SSI Recipients . ''
Click here to read the full account of Harvey Lembo defending themselves and their home .
This article was originally published at ConservativeHQ.com . Used with permission .
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit . 1 ) Get to know the Holy Spirit . 2 ) Learn to enter God 's presence 3 ) Hear God 's voice clearly ! Go deeper !
Has God called you to be a leader ? Ministry Today magazine is the source that Christian leaders who want to serve with passion and purpose turn to . Subscribe now and receive a free leadership book .
-
See an error in this article ? This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
Akron Public Schools is moving its administration to the former SummaCare building at 10 N. Main St. next year , a move the district says will save more than a million dollars a year .
During its meeting last week , the board approved the purchase of the SummaCare building for $ 9 million .
Currently , the administration is split between two buildings , both of which are more than a hundred years old and would require millions in repairs over the next 10 years , according to district spokesperson Mark Williamson .
The planned consolidation
“ You can take old buildings and try to reuse them and it 's wonderfu . But we 're a public entity and we have to be responsible to our taxpayers . And the responsible thing to do is , if we found a good fit , use it . And that 's what we did , we finally found one . ”
The deal is expected to close by April .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
Why it matters to you The Red Bull Air Race is an event that pushed the limits of our skill and equipment to get good photos . We learned that an entry-level DSLR can do the job just fine .
With blue skies , light winds , and temperatures in the low 70s , we could n't have asked for better conditions for an air race than what we had in San Diego , California over the weekend . The second event in the 2017 Red Bull Air Race World Championship , held Saturday and Sunday , brought the high-speed , low-altitude action back to Southern California for the first time in eight years . We were invited by Red Bull to take part in the event ( as media , of course , not pilots ) , where we tried out our photography skills on low-flying , fast-moving planes . The race track was set up over the bay , identified by inflatable white and red pylons that dotted the blue surface of the water . As the planes dropped over the San Diego-Coronado Bridge to enter the course at 200 knots , it was the job of the photographers stationed on the media boat to simply keep up .
For safety reasons , a 500-foot buffer zone was maintained around the race track , but the media boat was allowed the cross into this area ( you can read more about the safety measures ) . As such , we occasionally found ourselves a literal stone 's throw away from the No . 7 pylon at the end of the course , where pilots would pull up hard into a vertical turning maneuver , the screaming engines of their aircraft momentarily drowning out every other sound . At this distance , keeping the planes lined up in a camera 's viewfinder — especially when shooting with a long lens — was incredibly difficult .
Daven Mathies/Digital Trends
Not bringing a monopod was a rookie mistake , but we were able to consistently pull off sharp photos .
However , this task is simpler today than it would have been a few years ago . While other members of the press were weighed down with full-frame sports cameras like the Nikon D5 and large telephoto lenses , we made due with a Canon Rebel T7i — an entry-level consumer DSLR — and the relatively compact Canon 18-135mm f/3.5-5.6 ( amateur ) and Sigma 150-600mm f/5-6.3 Sport ( pro ) lenses . We will have a full hands-on report on the gear soon , but for now , suffice it to say that we were surprisingly impressed with the results we got from an entry-level DSLR . The camera does n't make the photographer , but when autofocus and burst rate can keep up with the action , it sure makes things easier .
By the end of the weekend , we photographers stepped off the boat with sunburns , aching backs , and tired feet — but also with big smiles . For most , photographing an air race is a rare opportunity — for some , it 's once-in-a-lifetime . It was tremendously challenging , but equally rewarding , and made for an experience we wo n't soon forget .
The Red Bull Air Race heads to Chiba , Japan , next on the 2017 circuit , while the final race will return stateside on October 14-15 , in Indianapolis .
Editors ' note : We were guests of Red Bull , but all opinions are our own .
It was a rough day for NFL starting quarterbacks on Sunday .
Philadelphia 's Carson Wentz , Houston 's Tom Savage , the Jets ' Josh McCown and Buffalo 's Nathan Peterman each left their respective games with injuries .
The most serious appears to be Wentz .
Two sources familiar with the injury tell The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz has torn their left anterior cruciate ligament and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs .
Wentz needs an MRI to confirm the severity of the injury . Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they were n't authorized to release the information .
Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter of Philadelphia 's 43-35 comeback win at the Los Angeles Rams . Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles to a win that secured the NFC East title .
In Houston , Savage was cleared to re-enter the game against the San Francisco 49ers for one series after sustaining a concussion .
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston 's 26-16 loss when they were driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil . Replays showed Savage looking dazed after their head hit the ground with both of their arms shaking and lifted upward .
They were taken to the medical tent where they stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series . They threw two incompletions on that drive , and Houston 's team doctor approached them after they returned to the sideline after that possession .
Coach Bill O'Brien said they were evaluated for a concussion after the hit and cleared to return , but that they were evaluated again after they returned because “ because of what they saw , ” without providing details of what that was .
In snowy Buffalo , Peterman went 5 of 10 for 57 yards before being sidelined by a head injury late in the third quarter against Indianapolis . Peterman had started in place of Tyrod Taylor , who was sidelined by a bruised left knee in a 23-3 loss to New England last weekend .
And McCown left the game against Denver twice because of hard hits , including a clean shot by Shane Ray in the third quarter that left McCown with a broken left hand .
McCown finished 6 of 12 for 46 yards .
Also for the Jets , running back Elijah McGuire ( ankle ) and long snapper Thomas Hennessy ( head ) were knocked out of the game in the first half .
The Broncos lost starting safety Justin Simmons to an ankle injury in the first quarter . Inside linebacker Todd Davis was evaluated for a possible concussion in the fourth quarter , and safety Jamal Carter ( left shoulder ) also was knocked from the game .
Seahawks linebacker Bobby Wagner left against Jacksonville in the third quarter with a hamstring injury and did not return . Fellow linebacker K.J . Wright ( concussion ) left the field late in the third quarter .
Jaguars running back Corey Grant injured their right shoulder while fumbling a kickoff . Tight end Marcedes Lewis jammed a finger on their left hand . Wide receiver Larry Pinkard left in the second quarter while being evaluated for a concussion and was ruled out at halftime .
Raiders wide receiver Amari Cooper left in the second quarter against Kansas City with a right leg injury when they were blocking downfield on a run by DeAndre Washington and a defender rolled into the back of him .
Defensive end Mario Edwards Jr. ( ankle ) left early in the second quarter and tight end Clive Walford went down in the fourth period .
Washington kick returner Byron Marshall 's leg buckled underneath them while they moved to field a kickoff in the first quarter against the Chargers . They injured their hamstring and did n't return . Linebacker Zach Brown injured their foot in the second half and linebacker Chris Carter injured their ankle in the second half and did n't return .
The Titans lost starting left tackle Taylor Lewan in the second quarter against Arizona with a lower back injury .
Buccaneers defensive tackle Gerald McCoy left in the first half against Detroit with a shoulder/biceps injury and did not return .
Vikings linebacker Emmanuel Lamur left with a foot injury and did not return against Carolina , and left tackle Riley Reiff departed with a left ankle injury and did not return .
Rams cornerback Kayvon Webster , who intercepted Wentz on the game 's third play , was taken off the field on a cart with an ankle injury late in the first quarter and did n't return . And tackle Andrew Whitworth also suffered an ankle injury .
Packers cornerback Davon House was carted off in the fourth quarter against Cleveland with a back injury .
Giants safety Landon Collins was injured in a loss to Dallas . They hurt their left ankle in the fourth quarter making a tackle on Cole Beasley at the end of a 54-yard pass play . Collins was in a walking boot after the game . The Giants have 18 players on injured reserve .
——
AP Pro Football Writer Rob Maaddi contributed to this report .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL .
For many organizations , IT modernization begins with the operating system . In the last few years , migrating workloads to Linux from RISC systems has accelerated as organizations seek to take advantage of the potential price/performance advantage of x86 blade hardware solutions . However , as open source becomes more pervasive , many enterprises are realizing additional benefits . Not only can enterprises reduce ( or in some cases eliminate ) their reliance on legacy systems by migrating to Red Hat Enterprise Linux , they can simultaneously create a foundation ready for the transition to cloud-based applications and services .
A large Red Hat customer transitioned from a high-end RISC server to Red Hat Enterprise Linux on x86 and was able to recoup the cost of the project in just over three months . This is without factoring in real estate , depreciation of hardware , and power/cooling . In parallel , they were able to decrease their risk profile : according to one of Red Hat 's chief technologists who have advised many customers on their Linux migration strategy , spares for some RISC vendors have become increasingly difficult to acquire . Some customers readily admit that online auctions have become their primary source for spares . This is troubling on many levels . Factor in the price/performance ratio of RISC vs. x86 and the choice to migrate can become even more appealing .
Read the entire article here , Your UNIX alternative with Red Hat Enterprise Linux and Microsoft Azure – Red Hat Enterprise Linux Blog
Via the fine folks at Red Hat .
This frame grab from video provided by the government-controlled Syrian Central Military Media shows Syrian families gathering to leave in buses from Madaya , an opposition-held town near Damascus , Syria , Friday , April 14 , 2017 . The Syrian government and rebels began a coordinated population transfer Friday of about 10,000 people from four towns besieged for years amid the country 's bloody , six-year civil war . ( Syrian Central Military Media , via AP )
BEIRUT ( AP ) — The Latest on the conflict in Syria ( all times local ) :
10:15 p.m .
A major Syrian rebel group says many of its members were killed in a blast that hit an evacuation gathering point of government supporters , saying it will cooperate with an international probe to determine the culprits .
Ahrar al-Sham group is the main negotiator with the government and its allies of the widely criticized evacuation deal that transferred thousands of government and opposition supporters from four besieged areas . The group says in a statement Saturday it condemns the `` cowardly '' attack , which also killed many government supporters , as they waited in a rebel-held area for the evacuation to be completed .
Rescuers say at least 100 people were killed from opposition and government supporters .
Ahrar al-Sham says the attack only serves to defame the rebels and serve to deflect from the government 's `` crimes '' against opposition-held areas , the latest being the chemical attack where over 80 people were killed .
The group says it is starting a probe into the cause of the attack , and said it is ready to cooperate with an international investigation to determine who carried it out .
___
9:30 p.m .
Syrian rescue workers who operate in opposition areas say at least 100 people were killed in a blast that ripped through a bus depot where evacuees waited to be transferred to government areas .
The Syrian Civil Defense in Aleppo province , also known as the White Helmets , says its volunteers were able to remove at least 100 bodies from the scene of the blast . The huge explosion earlier Saturday came as a much criticized population transfer deal stalled as the government and rebels bickered over who should be evacuated .
Syrian state media said at least 39 were killed . A rebel official says at least 30 of their opposition fighters who were guarding the evacuees were killed in the blast .
___
7:30 p.m .
Syria state TV says a population transfer has resumed after a major blast killed dozens , and dozens of wounded were transported to government areas .
Al-Ikhbariya TV said 48 wounded were transported in exchange for allowing five buses of residents from opposition areas head toward a rebel-controlled province .
The blast earlier Saturday killed at least 39 people and wounded dozens . The major blast hit a bus depot in a rebel-controlled area where residents of pro-government towns have arrived late Friday . They were being evacuated as part of a population transfer that had stalled as government representatives bickered with rebels . The two sides disagreed on the number of fighters to be evacuated from four areas .
Those killed included civilians as well as rebel fighters . The government blamed the rebels for the attack .
___
7:15 p.m .
A Lebanese TV channel close to the Syrian government is airing footage showing new buses arriving at an evacuation point that was site of a major explosion that killed dozens .
Al-Manar TV says the buses arriving late Saturday are to replace those damaged by the explosion that left at least 39 killed . A war monitor , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , says 43 were killed in the blast that hit the al-Rashidin area , on the edge of Aleppo city . The area controlled by rebels was hit by a car bomb as buses carrying thousands of evacuees from pro-government areas were stuck after a population transfer deal stalled .
The much criticized deal is to transfer thousands from besieged pro-government and anti-government areas . Critics say the deal amounts to `` demographic engineering . ''
___
6 p.m .
Syrian TV says at least 39 people were killed Saturday in an explosion that hit near buses carrying people evacuated from a besieged area of government loyalists . A war monitor puts the death toll at 24 in the area controlled by opposition fighters .
The explosion Saturday was caused by a car bomb , according to Syrian TV and the opposition Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , causing massive destruction . In footage aired on Syrian TV , bodies were strewn outside buses , including fighters . Some buses were charred and other gutted from the explosion as belongings hanged out of windows .
The explosion hit an area where buses carrying nearly 5,000 people from Foua and Kfraya , villages in northern Syria that have been besieged by rebels . They were evacuated Friday , along with more than 2,000 from Madaya , a town outside of Damascus which was besieged by government forces .
A driver looking at an Apple iWatch while stopped at a traffic light is still guilty of breaking Ontario 's distracted driving law , despite the trendy device 's new technology and their claim they were only checking the time .
Even with its miniaturization and trendy technology , an iWatch is no safer “ than a cellphone taped to someone 's wrist , ” said a justice of the peace , while convicting a Guelph woman this month of holding or using a hand-held wireless communication device while driving .
Victoria Ambrose was stopped at a red light on South Ring Road in Guelph in April when a University of Guelph police officer , beside them in their cruiser , noticed the glow of an electronic device . The officer testified they saw them looking up and down about four times , court heard .
When the light turned green , two cars in front of Ambrose promptly moved forward but they remained stationary until the cop shone a light into their car and they began to drive , court heard .
They pulled them over and gave them a ticket .
Ontario amended its Highway Traffic Act in 2009 to counter distracted driving by prohibiting driving “ while holding or using a handheld wireless communication device . ”
Ambrose argued this did n't apply in their case .
Justice of the Peace Lloyd Phillipps rejected Ambrose 's testimony that , despite the multi-function of the electronic device that straps to the wrist , they were only checking the time , which requires them to tap it once to activate and again to deactivate the display . Phillipps rejected their argument the watch was n't connected to an external communication device and that the iWatch being on their wrist satisfies an exemption for devices securely mounted inside the vehicle .
“ Checking one 's timepiece is normally done in a moment , even if it had to be touched to be activated , ” said Phillipps .
“ Despite the Apple Watch being smaller than a cellular phone , on the evidence , it is a communication device capable of receiving and transmitting electronic data . While attached to the defendant 's wrist , it is no less a source of distraction than a cellphone taped to someone 's wrist , ” Phillipps said .
In the end , it was not the technology of the iWatch that doomed Ambrose , but human failing .
“ The key to determining this matter is distraction . It is abundantly clear from the evidence that Ms. Ambrose was distracted when the officer made their observations , ” said Phillipps .
Cody Lawson , a Guelph paralegal who represented Ambrose in the Ontario Court of Justice , said Ontario 's laws must keep up with changes in technology .
“ It 's new technology and technology keeps moving , ” said Lawson .
“ There is Google Glass ( wearable computer eyeglasses ) and much more wearable tech is coming . There is no strict law on using an e-watch or an iWatch . They need to determine if it is the same level of distraction as a cellphone . They really need to be specific on what you can and can not do . ”
Ambrose was fined $ 400 .
• Email : ahumphreys @ nationalpost.com | Twitter : AD_Humphreys
On regular TV , 4,181,000 Fox viewers , peaking at 5,373,000 , saw Mexico play Brazil , according to Nielsen -- numbers that are pretty great for not-exactly-soccer-mad America ( though half of what Telemundo did ) . Soccer also drove more than half ( 55 percent ) of Fox 's 632 million streaming views for all sports in June . That means , despite a lot of hand-wringing when the US was eliminated from World Cup qualifying , the $ 200 Fox spent to get the 2018 World Cup rights now seems like a wise bet .
The rumored copper gold color iPhone 8 may be called blush gold , according to a supposed Foxconn insider report , shared by mobile reporter Benjamin Geskin . The report , which was initially posted on China 's Weibo microblogging app , suggests that blush gold is the internal name used to refer to one of the new iPhone 8 's colors . [ ]
( via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens )
FREDERICTON — New Brunswick 's famous Miramichi River was once the largest salmon-producing river in North America , but the numbers are dropping at an alarming rate and scientists are not entirely sure why .
Tommi Linnansaari , the new Atlantic Salmon Research chair at the University of New Brunswick , says immediate action is needed to understand what 's happening — and to begin to mitigate the losses .
UNB has received $ 1.3 million in funding for the chair and four research projects to get accurate salmon population numbers and to understand how those numbers are affected by climate change .
Fred Whoriskey of the Canadian Rivers Institute says the Miramichi is now ground zero for research to help to decline stocks around the world .
They say one project will try to boost the number of juveniles in the river system by introducing adults that have been reared in captivity and released into the river system to spawn , and doing this on a scale that 's not been done before .
Whoriskey says global warming is happening at a rate faster than the salmon can adapt .
ABC
A sizeable pocket of conservative viewers kicked up a fuss when ABC axed Tim Allen 's Friday night sitcom Last Man Standing , but it sounds like the ball 's gotten rolling on the grrr snowflakes marinated yuk-em-up finding a new home .
According to The Hollywood Reporter , CMT is in early talks to acquire the network TV refugee . The cable outlet has previously thrown a life preserver to another ABC schedule veteran when they picked up Nashville for season 5 , although it 's far from a done deal at this stage . The insiders THR spoke to stressed that these were strictly early stage talks and that the expense of making the show could kill a CMT run before it even begins . Still , calls have already been reportedly placed to writers about a potential revival .
“ A large part of these jobs are managing failure , and we have made the tough calls and canceled shows that we would otherwise love to stay on the air . That 's the job . I canceled Last Man Standing for the same business and scheduling reasons that I canceled Dr. Ken , The Real O'Neals , The Catch and American Crime , ” stated ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey last month . “ Last Man Standing was a challenging one for me because it was a steady performer in the ratings , but once we made the decision not to continue with comedies on Fridays , that was where we landed . ”
Allen tweeted that they were “ stunned ” and “ blindsided ” by the news when Last Man Standing was dumped by ABC . The cancellation news came not too far removed from the comedian 's controversial declaration on Jimmy Kimmel Live ! that being a conservative in Hollywood was akin to Germany in the '30s .
Stunned and blindsided by the network I called home for the last six years . # lastmanstanding — Tim Allen ( @ ofctimallen ) May 16 , 2017
( Via The Hollywood Reporter )
STANFORD , Calif. — Stanford forward Reid Travis has pulled out of the NBA draft and will transfer for their final year of eligibility .
Travis said Wednesday that they decided to stay in college after testing the draft process but will finish their career at another school . Travis will be eligible immediately as a graduate transfer .
Travis has been selected to the All-Pac-12 team twice . They rank seventh in Stanford history with 1,427 points and 10th with 758 rebounds . They ranked third last season in the Pac-12 in both scoring ( 19.5 points per game ) and rebounding ( 8.7 rpg ) .
Travis missed the final 22 games in 2015-16 with a leg injury and had their medical hardship petition granted by the NCAA last May .
Fuel theft : Go beyond sacking officials , Senate tells NNPC
The Senate Monday charged the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ( NNPC ) to go beyond the sacking of its former officials accused of alleged theft of petroleum products which were kept on the farm tanks of two oil companies and urged the corporation to take more radical measures to avoid recurrence .
This is sequel to a motion moved by the Chairman Senate Committee on Petroleum Downstream Sector , Senator Kabiru Marafa during a plenary session .
In a statement signed by its spokesperson , Senator Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi , the upper legislative chamber advised that NNPC should initiate a comprehensive restructuring of its operations which presently allow officials and other firms to appropriate national resources for their personal use , thereby contributing to the suffering of the people .
“ The Senate is appalled that NNPC is not contemplating on doing something about the involvement of officials of the Petroleum Products Marketing Company ( PPMC ) which actually played key roles in the missing products case .
“ It is instructive that NNPC did not do anything on the case until the matter was raised on the floor of the Senate and the press picked the matter up from the motion . The unauthorised sale of 132 million litres of fuel kept in the storage tanks of MRS and Capital Oil designated as strategic reserves is a grave occurrence . This probably is not the first time it is happening and NNPC must review its operations . It should in fact carry out a shake up in the PPMC ” , Abdullahi stated .
It will be recalled that following the Senate debate of the motion on the theft of the fuel , the NNPC sacked two senior officials and redeployed a few others . Its spokesperson , Ndu Ughamadu said the sack and deployment were in line with the on-going reforms the corporation initiated to cleanse it of corruption .
The NNPC lost 130 million litres through a breach in its throughput transactions with MRS and Capital Oil .
However , MRS had returned the product it sold from the stock but Capital Oil is yet to refund the 82 million litres it sold . The Missing fuel sold by Capital Oil is valued at N11 billion .
While Capital Oil insisted that NNPC owed it on past business transactions , the corporation vowed to recover the products , investigate the breach and set up new modalities to guide its engagements of throughput partners .
This post was syndicated from Breaking News , Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DUBLIN , Ohio — The two biggest figures at the Memorial , Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods , managed to carve out some private time at the back of the 10th tee amid a mass of people Wednesday at Muirfield Village .
Some of it was just catching up . The two most prolific winners of major championship had not seen each other since April at the Masters .
And the tournament host had some encouraging words .
Nicklaus complimented Woods on their swing , and then told them what Woods has felt for the last few months .
“ He was saying that my swing is starting to look a little bit better , ” Woods said . “ And I said , ‘ Yeah , I 'm really not that far away , ' and they totally agreed . They just kept urging me to be patient with it because they could see that I 've made some pretty big strides this year , and not far away from putting it all together . ”
The Memorial presents such an opportunity .
Woods has won at the course Jack built a record five times . The most recent victory was in 2012 , when they took command from behind the 16th green by turning a potential bogey into a chip-in birdie that Nicklaus still thinks is one of the best shots they ever saw .
The most recent appearance ? That 's different .
Woods last played the Memorial in 2015 . In the last few months before a series of back surgeries , Woods shot 85 in the third round , the worst score of their career . Because an uneven number of players made the cut , Woods teed off Sunday morning as a single and shot 74 .
“ I tried , and unfortunately on this golf course , hitting it as bad as I did , it just was n't good enough , ” Woods said .
As for playing as a single ? Woods smiled .
“ I did n't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing , ” they said .
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke , listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time they signed their name to an 85 on their scorecard . McIlroy recalled their highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007 , their seventh tournament as a pro .
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him , “ Aside from your 85 , you have won here five times . ”
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition . The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills , and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major .
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing : Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka .
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial , their ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world . Justin Thomas is making their debut at No . 1 in the world , an achievement that does n't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to them that they stayed up later than usual when they got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with their name at the top . They took a screen shot .
“ Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing , ” Thomas said .
Dustin Johnson , who does n't appear to be concerned with much in life , conceded they were eager to get back the No . 1 ranking they held for 15 months . This is their first tournament since they lost the No . 1 spot to Thomas .
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all , a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler .
Woods has made strides since their return from a fourth back surgery , including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March , and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole .
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since their last victory .
McIlroy understood what they meant , having gone 18 months between victories until they won the Arnold Palmer Invitational . McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai , and then they broke through at Bay Hill .
“ As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door , sooner or later you 're going to step through , ” McIlroy said . “ And then with that , experience will do great things for you going forward . ”
Woods has n't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill . They never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow , and while they had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship , they still are 11 shots out of the lead . The idea this week is to get in range .
“ The last few times that I 've had a chance , I 've felt very comfortable , ” they said . “ Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it . ”
Saraki : Ozekhome hails CCT , mocks EFCC , Sagay
Human rights activist , Chief Mike Ozekhome ( SAN ) has lauded the acquittal of Senate President Bukola Saraki by the Code of Conduct Tribunal . Ozekhome also mocked the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission which was the key witness against Saraki . DAILY POST report that the CCT discharged and acquitted Saraki on Wednesday , saying that they have no [ … ]
Saraki : Ozekhome hails CCT , mocks EFCC , Sagay
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After stumbling at the first hurdle of World Cup qualifying last summer , Rugby Canada fired its coach and initiated a structural makeover .
The organization finds itself at another crossroads Saturday in Montevideo where Canada , trailing Uruguay after a 39-28 loss last weekend in Vancouver , looks for a win of 10 points or more to convert its second chance at making the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan .
Whatever happens Saturday , Rugby Canada acknowledges there is more work to be done to better develop present and future talent .
“ There are obviously some critical things that comes out of ( Saturday 's ) match but one of the things that does n't really change is our need to have a steely focus on the future and a longterm vision and plan around developing those ( high ) performance athletes , ” said Rugby Canada CEO Allen Vansen .
Qualifying for a ninth straight World Cup would allow Rugby Canada to quietly continue those renovations , while ensuring the World Rugby funding tap remains on . It would also help attract and hold onto sponsors .
Failure would invite closer scrutiny and move rugby to the further edges of an already crowded sports table .
Should Canada fail short at the Estadio Charrua , it will have one final chance at qualification via a repechage tournament in November , likely in France . There , the 21st-ranked Canadian men would likely face several higher-ranked countries for the tournament 's final berth .
Coach Kingsley Jones ' job appears safe , however . They only came on board in the fall and has received good reviews from their Rugby Canada bosses so far .
Should Canada get past Uruguay , it could start immediate planning for the World Cup , not to mention looking forward to an immediate injection of US $ 448,000 from World Rugby in World Cup preparation money .
A win would also return Canada to the top 20 in the world rankings , at the expense of Spain . Uruguay will remain No . 17 even if it wins but could fall one down to No . 18 if it loses by more than 15 points .
Saturday 's winner slots into Group D at the 2019 World Cup in Japan as America 2 , alongside No . 4 Australia , No . 7 Wales , No . 10 Fiji and No . 12 Georgia .
Canada 's loss to the 17th-ranked U.S. Eagles last summer marked the first time the Canadian men had failed to qualify at the first attempt . That prompted a “ comprehensive review , ” Rugby Canada 's second look into the men 's program since the 2015 World Cup and third including the post-mortem on the men 's sevens failure to make the Rio Olympics .
The sevens review cost coach Liam Middleton their job . Kieran Crowley quit as 15s coach soon after signing a short contract extension in the wake of what was essentially a limited vote of confidence in their 2015 World Cup review .
The latest review resulted in the firing of New Zealand coach Mark Anscombe last August , just 16 months into the job . It also called for the hiring of a high-performance director , an academy/Canada ‘ A ' coach and more technical staff as well as use of a sports psychologist .
Some but not all of those recommendations have been acted on , with several jobs still to be filled . In the wake of last weekend 's loss , Jones cited the need for a full-time defence coach .
The changes continued . In November , Rugby Canada fired its top rugby man , general manager of rugby operations and performance Jim Dixon .
Dixon 's exit was paired with a restructuring that sees Rugby Canada downsize its corporate office in Richmond Hill , Ont. , and move several departments to its centre of excellence in Langford , B.C .
Getting involved in a pro rugby league remains a key goal , although Rugby Canada is taking its time so as not to bet on the wrong horse .
“ It 's a key part of being internationally competitive , ” Vansen said of pro rugby . “ The ability to attract and keep athletes playing the game , seeing an opportunity to be able to make a living playing the game is critically important .
“ Having those role models in your back yard or being able to connect with them is an important thing . ”
Vansen says Rugby Canada continues to hold talks with pro leagues , from the fledging Major League Rugby in the U.S. to Europe 's Pro 14 and the Super Rugby circuit in the Southern Hemisphere and Japan .
“ I think there 's lots of room for multiple processional rugby leagues in North America as the game grows and gets recognition and people get exposed to it and see how exciting it is , ” Vansen said .
While Super Rugby has been in contraction mode recently , Vansen believes the league still wants to still enter new markets after putting its own house in order .
Also on the domestic front , Vansen says their organization is also boosting its support of university and college rugby .
Follow @ NeilMDavidson on Twitter
Thai-based NokScoot implemented Hahn Air Systems ' H1-Air product , meaning the carrier will be available for HR-169 ticketing in all major GDSs worldwide under the reservation code H1 . Earlier in 2017 , the airline signed an HR-169 interline agreement with Hahn Air , making NokScoot available under its own XW code in the Abacus/Sabre , Amadeus and TravelSky GDSs .
Discover the World and Cathay Pacific Airways launched their new sales and marketing representation in Ecuador . This marks the 14th country in Latin America where Discover the World represents Cathay Pacific and its regional subsidiary , Cathay Dragon .
Airbus launched a new iflyA380 iOS app that enhances Airbus ' existing iflyA380.com booking assistant with more choices , features and content and new possibilities to interact with the A380 , including taking a sneak peek at the cockpit .
Star Alliance Round the World ( RTW ) fares has reduced the minimum number of stopovers from three to two for all RTW fares . This change increases the number of itineraries available under the RTW product for travel on the Star Alliance network .
IATA recognized IT provider Maureva as a certified provider and deployment partner of Air Austral , for its New Distribution Capability ( NDC ) initiative .
China 's XiamenAir and GE signed an MOU covering several areas , including fleet management support and services , digital solutions , leadership training and aviation health management programs , as well as intra-industrial alignment and cooperation to support the globalization of XiamenAir .
BOSTON — Harvard University is teaming up with Google to reduce the use of harmful chemicals in building products and materials .
Organizers say the initiative announced Wednesday targets chemicals used in consumer products like furniture and carpets that science has shown have potential negative health effects .
The goal is to create a set of tools using the latest research to inform decisions by large institutions , purchasers and manufacturers with the hope of increasing demand for healthier alternatives . Organizers said there are more than 80,000 chemicals in use , some associated with long-term health and environmental problems .
The collaboration is an initiative of the Center for Climate , Health , and the Global Environment launched Wednesday at the Harvard T.H . Chan School of Public Health .
The centre is led by former Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy .
City festival to showcase science and engineering
The Sheffield Festival of Science and Engineering 2017 , organised by the University of Sheffield and Sheffield Hallam University , will spark into life next month bringing world-leading research to life .
TV scientist Professor Alice Roberts delivers the festival 's launch event The Incredible Unlikeliness of Being , which will explore the evolutionary history all of us have as humans , growing from a single cell into a fully formed human in just a few short months and will be held on Sunday 5 March at Sheffield Hallam .
The festival , which runs throughout March , is an opportunity for schools and colleges , families and individuals to engage with science , technology , engineering and mathematics ( STEM ) through a series of exciting events including talks , exhibitions , tours , hands-on activities and even beer tasting . The festival coincides with British Science Week , and aims to celebrate the world-class science and engineering research at both of Sheffield 's universities .
The festival will also welcome Professor Sir Fraser Stoddart , who won the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 2016 . They will give a talk at the University of Sheffield on 14 March , where they conducted some of their groundbreaking science research .
There are two strands to the festival ; the schools programme with researchers from both universities and partner organisations visiting more than 100 schools across South Yorkshire to deliver over 200 free talks and activities to pupils of all ages .
The public side features a wide range of free events , open to everyone , taking place across the region in multiple venues including both Universities . In 2015 more than 6,600 people attended the public programme .
Professor Tony Ryan , from the University of Sheffield , who is one of the festival 's key organisers , said : `` I 'm delighted to once again be involved in this fantastic festival . It is wonderful to see so many scientists and engineers from across the region giving up their time to engage with the public and bring their work to life .
`` This year there are more than 50 events in diverse locations including museums , pubs and cafes showcasing the region 's achievements in science and engineering research . From hearing leading scientists discuss how they played a part in major breakthroughs like the recent detection of the Higgs boson to looking at the part robots will play in the future , there really is something for everyone . ''
Dr Katherine Rawlinson , from Sheffield Hallam , who is also a lead organiser , said : `` This year 's festival is the biggest so far and we are very excited about the range of events open to everyone in Sheffield and the region . Alice Roberts ' event is one of the early highlights of the festival and we hope that by the end of the festival , people of all ages and backgrounds will have learned or discovered something that fascinates them . ''
Two highlight events for children and families are the University of Sheffield 's Discovery Night on 10 March and Explore Science and Engineering at Sheffield Hallam on 11 March , both featuring hands-on science activities .
Other events from across the festival include the Bitesize X-Lectures in the Sheffield Tap , featuring four academics discussing their work over a beer , including topics such as fertility in young people ; doping in sport ; fingerprint technology ; and why flies are more interesting than the birds and the bees .
There will also be a chance for the public to experience technologies of the future at the festival . Co-biotics : Our Future Shared with Robots will take place on Friday 17 and Saturday 18 March in the Adelphi Room at the Crucible Theatre demonstrating the potential of human-robot collaboration . There will also be a hands-on exhibition on Saturday 11 March where a living room comes to the Winter Garden to allow visitors to test how new technology can help people to live well and age well in the future .
The Sheffield Festival of Science and Engineering is taking place throughout March , with British Science Week running 10–19 March . For details on all the festival events , tickets and details please visit www.scienceweeksy.org.uk .
You can also follow the festival on Twitter using the hashtag # SFOSE .
Additional information The University of Sheffield
With almost 27,000 of the brightest students from over 140 countries , learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe , the University of Sheffield is one of the world 's leading universities .
A member of the UK 's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions , Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines .
Unified by the power of discovery and understanding , staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in .
Sheffield is the only university to feature in The Sunday Times 100 Best Not-For-Profit Organisations to Work For 2016 and was voted number one university in the UK for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education in 2014 . In the last decade it has won four Queens Anniversary Prizes in recognition of the outstanding contribution to the United Kingdom 's intellectual , economic , cultural and social life .
Sheffield has six Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world , making significant contributions in their chosen fields .
Global research partners and clients include Boeing , Rolls-Royce , Unilever , AstraZeneca , Glaxo SmithKline , Siemens and Airbus , as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations . Sheffield Hallam University
Sheffield Hallam University is one of the largest universities in the UK , with more than 31,500 students .
It is one of the country 's largest providers of health and social care courses , teacher training , and sport and physical activity courses . It is also home to the UK 's largest modern business school .
Its courses are designed and delivered in close partnership with employers , professional associations and practice specialists to ensure that the skills our students develop are relevant . As a result , 93 per cent of its students are in employment or further training within six months of graduation .
As one of the UK 's most progressive universities , providing opportunity through widening participation is at the heart of the University . 96 per cent of its young full-time undergraduate UK students are from state schools/colleges and 41 per cent are from low income backgrounds .
Sheffield Hallam 's research is characterised by a focus on real world impact - addressing the cultural , economic and social challenges facing society today . 65 per cent of its research was rated world-leading or internationally excellent in the Research Excellence Framework . For more information please visit www.britishscienceweek.org/
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
Manchester United have to quickly move on from their derby defeat to City if they are to keep their slim Premier League title hopes alive , says Juan Mata .
United suffered their first Premier League defeat at home since City 's last visit in September 2016 , Jose Mourinho 's side beaten 2-1 on Sunday .
Goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi secured all three points for City , a record 14th successive win in a single top-flight campaign , giving them an 11-point lead at the summit .
Despite the `` painful '' defeat , Mata says it is important United bounce back with games against Bournemouth and West Brom in the coming week .
Writing in their blog , Mata said : `` Unfortunately , we could n't finish the week as we expected since the derby at Old Trafford did n't work out as we wanted .
`` City took the lead , we tied the score before the break but , in the second half , we could n't overcome their second goal . We were close , but in the chances we had , the ball just did n't go in .
`` The truth is these are three points like in any other game , although the defeat is painful because it was a derby . We must carry on , knowing that there 's still a long way to go .
`` The calendar gives you no time for mourning and we have to focus on what 's next .
`` The list of fixtures is very demanding this month so it 's important to get to each game in the best condition possible .
`` I think we have the ability to do it , even though we know these are the toughest weeks of the season . We are Manchester United and we have experience in playing every few days . ''
ANAHEIM – Anaheim fire investigators were still trying to determine what started a fire at Disneyland 's Mickey & Friends parking structure Monday that damaged eight cars and injured seven .
The blaze began at 4:37 p.m. in either the cargo area of a Toyota Prius , near its battery , or the engine compartment of a Ford Expedition , Sgt . Daron Wyatt of the Anaheim Police Department said . The two cars were within three feet of each other on the second story of the 10,000-space structure .
“ Due to the extreme heat produced by the fire , the configuration of the vehicles , and their proximity to one another , the exact cause and origin can not be determined without further testing and evaluation , ” Wyatt said in a statement .
Black smoke billowed out of the large parking structure as the cars burned and seven Disney employees suffered from smoke inhalation . Of the eight cars damaged , four were destroyed . An early estimate of the damage costs was set at $ 180,000 .
Fire investigators were working with insurance companies to determine the cause but they do not believe the blaze was set intentionally .
Contact the writer : 714-796-7865 or afausto @ scng.com
( AP Photo/David J. Phillip ) . Steve Stricker hits from a bunker on the 12th hole during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , at Erin Hills in Erin , Wis .
( AP Photo/Morry Gash ) . Dustin Johnson hits on the range during a practice day for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , at Erin Hills in Erin , Wis .
( AP Photo/Morry Gash ) . Dustin Johnson hits on the range during a practice day for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , at Erin Hills in Erin , Wis .
( AP Photo/David J. Phillip ) . Dustin Johnson hits a drive on the 12th hole during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , at Erin Hills in Erin , Wis .
( AP Photo/David J. Phillip ) . Dustin Johnson hits from some tall fescue on the 12th hole during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , at Erin Hills in Erin , Wis .
By DOUG FERGUSONAP Golf Writer
ERIN , Wis. ( AP ) - Dustin Johnson wrapped up their final day practice round for the U.S. Open just as the sky began to rumble and the horn sounded to stop play at Erin Hills .
The timing could n't have been better for the world 's No . 1 player , as it has been the past two weeks .
As much as they hate missing cuts , the Memorial two weeks ago was a good time for Johnson to have a weekend off . It allowed them to spend two days in Wisconsin getting to know the longest course in U.S. Open history , realizing that they would be a late arrival to Erin Hills because of some important family matters .
River Jones Johnson , their second son , was born on Monday .
They find out Thursday whether their game is in shape for Johnson to become the first back-to-back U.S. Open champion in 28 years , but their mood could n't be better . About the only thing to fear , outside of the thick fescue that frames the fairways at Erin Hills , is the house where they are staying .
It has a double-spiral staircase .
`` I sit down when I go down the stairs now , '' Johnson said with a smile . `` I slide down on my butt . ''
Stairs were the only thing that could stop them earlier this year . A winner of three straight tournaments - against the strongest fields of the year - Johnson slipped in their socks going downstairs to move their car in the rain on the eve of the Masters and bruised their back so badly that they had to withdraw the next day .
They have n't won in four starts since then , and their game has n't looked as sharp as it once did . They concede they lost some momentum .
Even so , they are the betting favorite at the 117th U.S. Open on a course that would appear to suit their game perfectly , especially with more rain Wednesday afternoon and a forecast for occasional storms on Friday and Saturday . The greens are soft enough that Johnson is getting yardages to the hole , knowing their shots wo n't bounce away too far .
`` I hope they play it all the way back on every hole , '' they said . `` Why not ? It 's going to be soft . I hope it 's windy . I hope it 's long , but it does n't matter . ''
Johnson is n't one to feel much pressure - they do n't show much , anyway - even playing their first major as the No . 1 player in the world .
If anything , the pressure is on the USGA in how they set up the golf course , and the meteorologist to give an accurate forecast of the wind . There are a few holes at Erin Hills where if the tees are all the way back and the wind shifts into the players , some wo n't be able to reach the fairway or will face blind shots .
`` It 's nerve-wracking , honestly , more than most Open sites , '' USGA executive director Mike Davis said .
Johnson is n't the only long hitter whom Erin Hills favors . Rory McIlroy , who crushed U.S. Open scoring records on a rain-softened course at Congressional in 2011 , was delighted to feel the soft turf under their feet .
Jason Day is starting to turn their game around , finally . Along with their power , Day is an expert with the short game , which should come in handy around the greens that feature shaved slopes instead of dense rough .
Johnson , however , is such an intimidating figure that even Curtis Strange is a little nervous .
Strange , who now works for Fox Sports as the on-course analyst , won the 1989 U.S. Open at Oak Hill to become the first player since Ben Hogan ( 1950-51 ) to win the U.S. Open in consecutive years . `` Move over , Ben , '' Strange famously said after their second title .
`` I 've got to tell you , it 's tailor-made for Dustin Johnson , '' Strange said after their first look at the course .
The Masters ( three times ) and the PGA Championship in stroke play ( twice , by Tiger Woods ) have fewer back-to-back winners than the U.S. Open , but it 's the major that has gone the longest without a repeat winner .
The closest call for Strange was in 2005 when defending champion Retief Goosen had a three-shot lead at Pinehurst No . 2 . They shot 81 in the final round . Four-time champion Jack Nicklaus never went back-to-back . Neither did Woods .
`` You 've got to be lucky , have it be the right time , '' Strange said . `` Dustin is more dominant than anybody who has ever done it back-to-back because of their length and the whole bit . But you still have to do it . ''
Johnson starts out Thursday morning with the last two U.S. Open champions , Martin Kaymer and Jordan Spieth . It 's a comfortable group , especially with Spieth , a close friend , their partner from the Presidents Cup and their regular pro partner in recent years at the AT & T Pebble Beach Pro-Am .
Plus , they have the personality for the U.S. Open . It 's a mental test , and Johnson 's brain is not very cluttered . Paulina Gretzky gave birth to their second child on Monday in Los Angeles . They flew to Wisconsin on Tuesday and got in 18 holes . They played nine holes Wednesday .
Asked how they handled the range of emotions for such a whirlwind week , Johnson shrugged .
`` You just do it , '' they said . `` I wish I had an explanation on how I do it , but I do n't . ... But now I 've got to play golf . This is why I 'm here . I 'm here to play golf . I 'm here to compete . ''
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Sir Toby Curtis agrees that the Government is a bully in the way it 's handled the closure of charter schools . They told the Education and Workforce Select Committee their failure to consult properly is in breach of the Treaty . They lodged a Tribunal Claim this week .
The Treaty claim alleges closure of the schools , also known as partnership schools has a detrimental effect on Māori as Māori students make up the majority of the 1500 students enrolled . Sir Toby believes the claim will enable Māori to be properly heard .
`` The Tribunal is the place to air our concerns of our people regarding the futures of our children . ''
Fellow Māori educationalists Dame Iritana Tawhiwhirangi says `` We must continue to fight to make the Crown understand . Our first priority is our families and they ca n't take that away . ''
The Government plans to re-establish charter schools as state schools however
Sir Toby says that wo n't solve the problem . They told the Select Committee that the education system was not designed for Māori . They used themselves as an example saying they knew first-hand what it 's like to be shortchanged by the education system .
`` They are succeeding and failing our children something like 30 % -70 % . That is not good enough and we seem all set to fail our kids for another 178 years if you allow this to continue . ''
John Shewan , former deputy chairperson of the charter school authorisation board compared the Government 's motives to “ bullying ” . Dame Iritana agrees .
`` If they are restricting aspirations of whānau and Māori , then yes I agree with that statement . ''
Act Leader David Seymour understands the spirit of partnership . `` There is a right of Māori to self-determination . Some Māori were actually getting self-determination to actually set up these schools and now that 's been taken away for no good reason with no consultation so yeah I that is a breach . ''
`` These schools deserve to be consulted but if the Waitangi Tribunal is the last court in the land that might give these schools a fair hearing then let 's go there and be heard . ''
Sir Toby also had a message for the PM Jacinda Ardern . `` I 'm sure she 'll understand the meaning of `` Te Aroha '' which she 's given the name to their child and I think this situation is calling for a bit of aroha in terms of how we think and how we move forward . ''
Sir Toby says the Treaty of Waitangi is a great framework to sort out this issue .
BAGHDAD — An influential Iraqi Shiite cleric on Monday urged their fighters to hand state-issued weapons back to the government , following Iraq 's declaration of victory against the Islamic State group .
In a speech broadcast on Iraqi television , Muqtada al-Sadr also called on their forces to hand over some territory to other branches of Iraq 's security forces , but said their men would continue to guard a holy Shiite shrine in Samarra , north of Baghdad .
Al-Sadr commands one of several mostly Shiite militias that mobilized after IS militants swept across northern and central Iraq in the summer of 2014 . The paramilitaries are state-sanctioned and officially under the command of the prime minister , but have their own chains of command .
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over IS in a national address on Saturday , after Iraqi forces drove the militants from their last strongholds in the western desert .
Al-Sadr , the scion of a revered Shiite clerical family , commanded a powerful militia that battled U.S. troops in the years after the 2003 invasion . Their fighters are today known as the Peace Brigades , and are part of the Popular Mobilization Forces , the official name of the mostly Shiite militias allied with the government .
During their address Monday , al-Sadr warned members of the paramilitary forces against participating in elections scheduled for May .
Tens of thousands of Popular Mobilization Forces are deployed across the country . Many are viewed with suspicion by some of Iraq 's minority Sunnis and Kurds .
The paramilitaries clashed with Kurdish fighters in October when federal forces retook disputed territories in northern Iraq that the Kurds had captured from IS .
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) -- Limited numbers of individual passengers will be given free rides on the Taoyuan mass rapid transit ( MRT ) line beginning tomorrow , according to Taoyuan Mass Transit Corp .
As part of the second phase of the month-long free trial run , from Feb. 16 - Mar . 1 individual passengers will be allowed to travel for free between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. , however they must first obtain a queue number , which will be available at 7:40 a.m. , 9:40 a.m. , 11:40 a.m. , and 1:40 p.m. each day . Only 20,000 queue numbers will be provided per day , though children below the age of 6 can ride without a queue number .
During this phase , passengers will have access to all 21 stations , including Taipei Main Station and the airport stations . China Airlines and EVA Airways will have check-in counters at the Taipei Main Station , as well as their respective subsidiaries Mandarin Airlines and UNI Airways .
As long as they arrive at the Taipei Main Station check in counter three hours in advance , passengers can check their luggage and receive seat assignments and boarding passes .
Taoyuan Mayor Cheng Wen-tsan ( 鄭文燦 ) told the media on Tuesday that the Airport MRT will officially open to all passengers on Mar . 2 with tickets available at a 50 percent discount during the first month of operation . The trains will run from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m. every day .
After the first month of normal operations , Cheng said passengers will receive a 40 percent discount and employees of companies of up to 300 people will receive a 50 percent discount on fares if they purchase a 3-month pass .
The king of making us feel all the feels is back !
Last month , Smith released their first single since 2015 when they dropped “ Too Good At Goodbyes ” . They followed that up with an appearance at BBC 1 's Live Lounge , so fans had to suspect more new music was on the horizon .
Friday morning , Smith announced that their new album The Thrill of It All will be released on November 3rd . They also shared the second single from the album , Pray , a gospel-tinged track that was produced by Timbaland .
In addition , Smith also announced a 2018 tour . The Thrill of It All tour will kick off in Toronto on June 18th , and will continue across North America before wrapping up in Calgary on September 13th .
Sam Smith Tour Dates
Alexis Sanchez Keen To Remain At The Emirates
Alexis Sanchez has told the official Arsenal website that they are happy in London and keen to stay at the Emirates .
Sanchez 's contract expires at the end of next season and their future has been the subject of much speculation in the past few weeks , but they told Arsenal Player : “ I definitely feel like an important player and my teammates let me know every day .
“ I try to prove that I am an important player every day and game after game . I believe we have the players and the quality to win many things .
“ I feel really happy and comfortable at the club . I want to give the fans a new title . We always get our fans ' support in the thin and the thick , which is great . We must win the Premier League or the Champions League for them . ”
Elsewehere , Borussia Dortmund are claimed to be keeping tabs on Arsenal 's young midfielder Gedion Zelalem . The 19-year-old is extremely highly thought of at the club , but has found their opportunities limited at the Emirates and ESPN claim Dortmund will try to lure them to Germany with the “ promise of more first-team opportunities ” .
The post Alexis Sanchez Keen To Remain At The Emirates appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — The creator of an impromptu memorial to victims of a deadly van rampage says they hope it can help residents express their immeasurable grief .
Konstantin Goulich says they taped four large sheets of poster board to a half-wall near the scene so people could leave messages of condolences and hope .
By Tuesday afternoon , dozens of sheets stretching 15 metres were filled with heartfelt notes in various languages . Floral bouquets covered the wall 's top ledge and had begun covering the ground below .
Goulich says he 's haunted by the images of the victims they saw near their north Toronto home . But he 's gratified to see the tribute grow into a place where people can talk , grieve and console each other .
About half a block away , flower shop owner Katherine Liu says she 's giving away fresh flowers to anyone walking by because they also felt the need to act .
Ten people were killed and 14 were injured in Monday 's deadly attack in which a van struck pedestrians in north Toronto .
Goulich says hundreds have visited the memorial Tuesday to cry and support each other .
“ People have been traumatized by this . This is a time when we need to come together and I think people sense it , ” says Goulich , who also organized a vigil that will take place Tuesday evening .
“ If I did n't start this memorial here it would have popped up somewhere else . ”
Goulich , a 37-year-old dental hygienist , says they were stunned to see bodies on the street when they stepped outside their apartment building Monday .
“ The more bodies I saw , I realized that I have to give an outlet for people to mourn — and express my own sorrow as well . So I just grabbed some supplies and basically set out this memorial . ”
It did n't take much to encourage others to write their own messages . When the posters were filled , Goulich says friends brought more , and then people started bringing their own supplies — paper , markers , flowers and stuffed toys .
They say some people have also left food and water for anyone that needs it .
“ And now this grew into something very beautiful and very different , ” they say .
Meanwhile , about half a block away at their shop called the Secret Garden , Liu spent the day offering free flowers to members of their stunned community .
They estimate she 's given out hundreds of single stems of roses , lilies , carnations and gerberas since the morning . The 34-year-old suspects many ended up at the impromptu memorial .
“ We 'd just like to help a little . We can not do anything for now but we have flowers for the people working on Yonge Street . There are lots of people , ” says Liu . They have owned the store for a year , but the shop has been part of the community for about 30 years , they add .
“ It lets them feel warm and everyone can come together — that helps . I feel good after doing something like this . I think the whole community is really , really strong . ”
Alek Minassian , 25 , has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder . Police said a 14th attempted murder charge was expected before the end of the day .
According to the agency 's annual survey of small-game hunters , the number of duck and goose hunters dropped , as did the number of pheasant hunters . Grouse hunter numbers were up about 4 percent but remain much lower than in past decades .
`` It 's something we take very seriously , '' Dave Olfelt , DNR regional wildlife manager at Grand Rapids , said of the decline . `` It 's a challenge that people in our line of work are facing all over the country . ''
The majority of the DNR 's Division of Fish and Wildlife revenue comes from license dollars .
The DNR 's survey revealed that the state had 67,301 duck hunters in 2016 , far fewer than the 76,200 in 2015 , which led to a decline in the duck harvest from 663,811 in 2015 to 606,458 .
The Canada goose harvest edged up slightly to an estimated 204,825 despite the decline in hunters from 45,938 in 2015 to 40,950 in 2016 .
An estimated 59,965 pheasant hunters went afield in 2016 , down slightly from 2015 . Nearly 120,000 pheasant hunters went afield in 2006 and 2007 when the pheasant population was much higher .
The estimated ring-necked pheasant harvest declined from 243,176 roosters in 2015 to 196,141 last fall . A wet fall and standing corn throughout much of the pheasant range likely contributed to some of the reduced harvest , DNR wildlife officials said .
The number of grouse hunters last fall was 82,348 , an increase of 4 percent from 2015 , according to the survey . The ruffed grouse harvest increased 15 percent from 267,997 grouse in 2015 to 308,955 in 2016 .
The decline in small-game hunter numbers is a continuing trend , said Paul Telander , DNR wildlife section leader in St. Paul .
`` There are probably various reasons for that , '' Telander said . `` There are a lot of other interests that can divert people away from hunting — kids are involved in lots of activities . That 's why a lot fall out . The trick is getting them back in . ''
Reasons for decline
Several factors may be contributing to the steady decline in duck hunter numbers , said Duluth 's Michael Furtman , an outdoors writer and a Ducks Unlimited columnist .
`` Duck hunting in Minnesota is n't what it used to be , '' Furtman said . `` It 's not necessarily because duck populations are down . Some of the migration patterns have changed . People are opportunists , and duck hunting is a lot of work . If duck hunters are n't going to get birds , they might go fall fishing . ''
Part of the waterfowl migration path , which used to include much of Minnesota , has shifted west to the Dakotas , Furtman said . Some Minnesota duck hunters may have quit hunting in Minnesota and shifted to hunting in the Dakotas , they said .
Also , with a warming climate , many northern ducks do n't migrate until late in the season .
`` Autumns have been mild , and all of a sudden winter comes and the birds blow through in a matter of days — if they stop at all , '' Furtman said .
The duck-hunting population is aging , Furtman added , and some hunters may be dropping out of a sport that is labor-intensive .
Access an issue
Pheasant hunting faces similar challenges , including an aging hunter population , said Jared Wiklund , public relations manager for Pheasants Forever based in St. Paul . Last fall 's Minnesota pheasant hunters faced wet conditions for much of the season , which could have discouraged participation , they said . But the biggest factor contributing to a decline in pheasant hunter numbers is access to hunting land , Wiklund said .
`` Minneapolis itself is the largest metro area for Pheasants Forever members in the country , '' Wiklund said . `` For urban hunters , access is a huge thing . ''
Minnesota 's best pheasant hunting is in the southwest corner of the state , and that 's a three-and-a-half-hour drive from the Twin Cities , Wiklund said . If hunters try to hunt closer to the Twin Cities on public land , they may encounter competition from other hunters .
Pheasants Forever is concerned about the decline in hunter numbers .
`` Pheasants Forever is a wildlife habitat group that 's motivated by upland hunters , '' Wiklund said . `` ( The decline ) is a big thing for us . The largest growing demographic is women hunters . That 's something we 're trying to tap into . We 've just hired a women-in-conservation coordinator in North Dakota . We 're trying to get past the stigma that it 's just a men 's tradition . ''
Grouse hunters hopeful
Minnesota 's grouse hunter numbers also are a concern for the DNR , said Ted Dick , DNR forest game bird coordinator at Grand Rapids .
`` In the past , when grouse numbers trended upward , the number of hunters would go up dramatically , '' they said .
Minnesota 's ruffed grouse population tends to rise and fall within a 10-year cycle .
`` Before the last peak , hunter numbers really leveled off compared to the drumming counts , '' Dick said . `` That 's the ongoing issue with hunting in general — people are finding other things to do . It 's kind of the reality . For a state agency that depends on license funds , we need to stem that tide . ''
This fall 's grouse numbers could draw more hunters back to the woods . The DNR 's spring drumming counts showed a 57 percent increase statewide over 2015 , a surprisingly large year-over-year increase . If the birds had a good nesting season , hunters could find a lot more birds in the woods this fall .
The DNR offers several programs for young and first-time hunters to hunt with mentors . The hope is that more young people will take up hunting .
Pheasants Forever is partnering with local groups to support high school clay-target shooting teams , hoping that once exposed to shooting , the students will be more likely to take up hunting , Wiklund said .
For complete results of the DNR 's small-game hunting survey , visit the DNR website at mndnr.gov/publications/wildlife .
MainOne 's West Africa expansion gets boost with Cote d'Ivoire license
As part of its West Africa expansion , connectivity and data centre solutions , operator MainOne has secured a license to expand national and international connectivity services in Cote d'Ivoire . The C1B license , received from Bruno Koné , the country 's minister for communication , digital economy and postal services , will enable MainOne land its trans-Atlantic submarine cable and build…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only . Visit the site and log in/register to read .
The post MainOne 's West Africa expansion gets boost with Cote d'Ivoire license appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Stockholm will host the first large conference on cryptocurrency and blockchain
On September 7 , for the first time , the Swedish capital will host a large conference dedicated to blockchain technology and cryptocurrency – Blockchain & Bitcoin Conference Stockholm . The event is a part of Blockchain & Bitcoin Conference , which is the first and the largest network of crypto conferences in Europe . The organizer is Smile-Expo that … Continue reading Stockholm will host the first large conference on cryptocurrency and blockchain
The post Stockholm will host the first large conference on cryptocurrency and blockchain appeared first on NEWSBTC .
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
True , we knew the game would be adapted to mobile in China back in November by Chinese internet giant Tencent , but did n't hear anything about a stateside release , though Canadians got it last week . Americans get the same officially-licensed ported version , which understandably pares down the graphics and only has the original map . The game requires Android 4.3 or above and works on `` 500-plus '' phones , while the Apple device version requires iOS 9.0 or later and requires an iPhone 5S or sooner and most iPads .
After a strong start , U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it does n't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year . The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits .
On Tuesday :
The S & P 500 index skidded 35.73 points , or 1.3 percent , to 2,634.56 .
The Dow Jones industrial average gave up 424.56 points , or 1.7 percent , to 24,024.13 .
The Nasdaq composite tumbled 121.25 points , or 1.7 percent , to 7,007.35 .
The Russell 2000 index slid 8.84 points , or 0.6 percent , to 1,553.28 .
For the week :
The S & P is down 35.58 points , or 1.3 percent .
The Dow is down 438.81 points , or 1.8 percent .
The Nasdaq is down 138.77 points , or 1.9 percent .
The Russell 2000 is down 10.84 points , or 0.7 percent .
For the year :
The S & P 500 is down 39.05 points , or 1.5 percent .
The Dow is down 695.09 points , or 2.8 percent .
The Nasdaq is up 103.96 points , or 1.5 percent .
The Russell 2000 is up 17.77 points , or 1.2 percent .
Wiz Khalifa is reportedly being sued for copyright infringement . Georgia rapper Cymple Man ( born Dustin Bennett ) claims that Khalifa 's ( real name Cameron Jibril Thomaz ) 2016 song “ Most of Us ” rips off their 2010 song of the same name , as Billboard points out . The two rappers allegedly crossed paths in 2012 at the Salt Lake City International Airport , where Bennett gave Khalifa two demo copies of their debut album containing the song .
The songs do contain a discernible similarity in lyrical structure , starting each stanza with the phrase “ most of us. ” Bennett 's suit claims that the use of this phrase is not common usage . “ Khalifa structured their song with the same lyrical and musical theme as Bennett by using the key phrase ‘ most of us ' as their introduction to the subject of each verse , which is an attitude or lifestyle choice made by the same groups of people they reference , ” the suit claims . “ Khalifa 's use of the words ‘ most of us ' in that manner is not a common usage or ubiquitous in the structure of other musical compositions , but rather , it is distinctively original to Bennett 's Work . ”
Bennett also claims that Khalifa and their label have ignored requests to credit and compensate them for contributions to the song .
The subtle nudge from Melania reminding Trump to put their hand over their heart for the National Anthem pic.twitter.com/iswL9YMVWv — Lis Power ( @ LisPower1 ) April 17 , 2017
Donald Trump has a lot on their mind , so it 's understandable if at times they drift off into outer space as they ponder their next chess move in their quest to “ Make America Great Again. ” Monday , at the annual White House Easter Roll , it appeared as if Trump had one of those daydream moments , but First Lady Melania Trump saved the day .
As the President , The First Lady , and their son Barron all stood for the National Anthem , two of the three remembered the long honored tradition of placing one 's hand over their heart , but one did not . The President of the United States was the odd-man out , but luckily an observant Melania noticed and gave them a subtle nudge . Unfortunately for Trump , the entire Internet also noticed that Mr. America First had a momentary lapse of awareness . They were also quick to point out that Melania Trump , an immigrant , was the one who had to remind Trump of the standard procedure . People lit into Trump on social media , as usual .
Uk : Questions need to be answered over deadly tower block fire-Mayor of London
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said questions will need to be answered over the safety of tower blocks after several people were killed on Wednesday when a fire engulfed a 24-storey building .
Some residents said they had been advised they should stay in their flats in the event of a fire , while the block 's residents association had previously warned it was worried about the risk of a serious fire .
“ These questions are really important questions that need to be answered , ” Khan told BBC Radio .
“ Across London we have many , many tower blocks and what we ca n't have is a situation where people 's safety is put at risk because of bad advice being given or if it is the case , as has been alleged , of tower blocks not being properly serviced or maintained . ”
Fire engulfed a 24-storey block of flats in central London on Wednesday , killing some people , injuring at least 50 more and trapping some residents asleep inside the towering inferno .
Flames licked up the sides of the block in the north Kensington area as 200 firefighters , backed up by 40 fire engines , and fought the blaze for hours .
Plumes of black and grey smoke billowed high into the air over the British capital hours after the blaze broke out at the Grenfell Tower where several hundred people live .
Residents rushed to escape through smoke-filled corridors in the housing block after being woken up by the smell of burning . Some said no fire alarm sounded .
Witnesses said they saw trapped residents desperately shouting for help from windows on upper floors as flames enveloped the building .
London Fire Brigade said the fire engulfed all floors from the second to the top of the block which contained 130 apartments .
“ In my 29 years of being a firefighter , I have never ever seen anything of this scale , ” London Fire Brigade Commissioner Dany Cotton told reporters
“ I am very sad to confirm that there have been a number of fatalities , I can not confirm the number at this time due to the size and complexity of this building . ”
London Ambulance Service said more than 50 people had been taken to hospital .
A witness told Reuters they feared not all the residents had escaped the fire .
Some were evacuated in their pyjamas .
“ I looked through the spy hole and I could see smoke everywhere and the neighbours are all there . There 's a firefighter shouting ‘ get down the stairs ' , ” one of the block 's residents , Michael Paramasivan , told BBC radio . “ It was an inferno . ”
“ As we went past the fourth floor it was completely thick black smoke . As we 've gone outside I 'm looking up at the block and it was just going up . It was like pyrotechnics . It was just unbelievable how quick it was burning . ”
The cause of the fire , which broke out just before 1 a.m. ( 0000 GMT ) , was not known , the Fire Brigade said .
Residents said repairs had been made recently to the exterior of the block .
The post Uk : Questions need to be answered over deadly tower block fire-Mayor of London appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Prime Minister Theresa May has announced a snap general election .
There was anticipation over the unexpected statement outside Downing Street , which is only used for major announcements .
They will now need to get the backing of two thirds of MPs in the House of Commons tomorrow , Wednesday , to overturn the Fixed Term Parliament Act meaning the next General Election must be 2020 .
The Prime Minister used to a statement in Downing Street to set out the case for going back on their previous pledge there would be no election ahead of 2020 .
Mrs May said the lack of “ unity ” in Westminster over the Brexit process was weakening the Government 's negotiating hand with Brussels and meant an election was required .
“ We need a General Election and we need one now , ” they said .
Explaining the timing , Mrs May said it would coincide with the European Union leaders finalising their Brexit negotiating position and come before full talks begin .
Under the terms of the Fixed Term Parliament Act , MPs will have to vote for an early election in Parliament tomorrow .
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said : “ This election is your chance to change the direction of our country .
“ If you want to avoid a disastrous Hard Brexit . If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market . If you want a Britain that is open , tolerant and united , this is your chance .
“ Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority . ”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said they welcomed Mrs May 's announcement because it gave “ the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first ” .
“ Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a Government that has failed to rebuild the economy , delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS . In the last couple of weeks , Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country . We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain . ”
More to follow ...
( Bellarmine University Release )
LOUISVILLE , Ky. — There seems to be something about Illinois Springfield that brings out the best in the Bellarmine University men 's basketball team 's perimeter shooting in Knights Hall .
A year after sinking a program-record 18 3-pointers against the Prairie Stars , Bellarmine drilled a season-high 14 triples Saturday as the Knights extended their nation's-best winning streak at home to 56 in a 79-54 romp in Knights Hall in Great Lakes Valley Conference action .
Another impressive streak was prolonged for Bellarmine ( 20-2 , 11-2 GLVC ) , which sealed its 10th consecutive 20-win season . Junior forward Chivarsky Corbett scored a career-high 19 points behind a career-best five 3-pointers against UIS ( 13-9 , 5-7 ) . Senior guard Brent Bach added 14 points and sophomore forward Alex Cook chipped in 11 .
The ruling Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) ( CPI ) ( M ) in Kerala has again stuck in controversy as the Congress party is repeatedly asking the party to reveal the business deals of its party secretary Kodiyeri Balakrishnan 's son Binoy Balakrishnan , who is caught in a Rs 13 crore fraud allegation involving a Dubai firm . The senior Congress legislators are asking the Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan and Kodiyeri Balakrishnan to explain to the people what the business deal was .
Trouble started for the CPI-M in general and Kodiyeri Balakrishnan in particular after a three-page letter , which was made available to the media stated that they have started legal proceedings against Binoy for the alleged fraud ( Image for representation )
The Congress party on Saturday said the ruling Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) ( CPI ) ( M ) in Kerala will have no other option but to “ reveal ” the business deals of its party secretary Kodiyeri Balakrishnan 's son Binoy Balakrishnan , who is caught in a Rs 13 crore fraud allegation involving a Dubai firm . Speaking to the media in the state party headquarters here , senior Congress legislator V.D . Sateeshan said the onus is now on Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan and Kodiyeri Balakrishnan to explain to the people what the business deal was. ” This is not just applicable to political leaders of the CPI-M as everyone who is in public domain is certainly responsible for all the deeds and actions of their family members , and none can absolve themselves of that . The public has to know what is happening as political leaders are expected to uphold morality in public life , ” said Sateeshan .
Trouble started for the CPI-M in general and Kodiyeri Balakrishnan in particular after a three-page letter , dated January 5 , from H.I.A.Al Marzooqi , sponsor of the Dubai company , which was made available to the media stated that they have started legal proceedings against Binoy for the alleged fraud.To complicate the matter further , the counsel of the Dubai based business person – Ram Kishor Singh Yadav , has booked the Trivandrum Press Club hall here to hold a press meet on Monday to “ explain the real facts ” and share documents related to the controversial case in the UAE involving Kerala persons , if the issue is not settled .
“ The CPI-M has to explain the nature of the business being carried out by them ( son of Kodiyeri ) and also the source of funds . The CPI-M is morally responsible to clear all doubts , as we have seen in the past how ruthlessly they have attacked the family members of Congress leaders , ” said Sateeshan . Now all eyes are on the proposed Monday meeting at the Press Club here , and whether it will take place or be canceled , as hectic parleys are currently on in Dubai , Delhi and here , to see that there is no more loss of face for the CPI-M .
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court said Tuesday that foreign businesses can not be sued in U.S. courts by foreign victims of human rights abuses and extremist attacks .
The justices voted 5-4 in favour of the Jordan-based Arab Bank . It was sued by Israeli victims of attacks in the West Bank and Gaza who claim that the bank helped finance the attacks . The victims had tried to use the 18th-century Alien Tort Statute to hold the bank accountable for its role .
But the court 's conservative justices rejected that attempt .
“ As demonstrated by this litigation , foreign corporate defendants create unique problems . And courts are not well suited to make the required policy judgments that are implicated by corporate liability in cases like this one , ” Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the majority .
The decision continues the court 's paring back a three-decade-old strategy by human rights lawyers to use civil suits to pursue individuals who may be responsible for torture and other atrocities , as well as companies with operations in countries with poor records in the area of human rights .
Victims in the case alleged that the bank , through the involvement of its New York branch , knowingly distributed millions of dollars to finance suicide bombings and make “ martyrdom ” payments to reward the families of militants who killed civilians .
The bank denied the allegations and argued that allowing the victims ' claims to go forward would interfere with U.S. foreign policy and lead to diplomatic friction . Kennedy noted that friction in their opinion , writing that : “ For 13 years , this litigation has 'caused significant diplomatic tensions ' with Jordan , a critical ally in one of the world 's most sensitive regions . ”
The Alien Tort Statute , adopted in part to deal with piracy claims , went unused for most of American history until rights lawyers dusted it off beginning in the late 1970s . The Supreme Court cautiously endorsed the use of the law in 2004 , but left unanswered precisely who could be held liable and in what circumstances .
In 2013 , the justices ruled that people or entities sued under the Alien Tort Statute must have a real connection to the United States . The court declined then to decide whether businesses could be sued .
Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote in a dissent for themselves and three liberal colleagues that the majority 's decision “ absolves corporations from responsibility ” under the Alien Tort Statute for “ conscience-shocking behaviour . ”
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) - Dr. Henry Bock , a pioneering doctor in racing and a key player in creating the SAFER barrier , has died . They were 81 .
Indianapolis Motor Speedway officials made the announcement after confirming the death with their caregiver , who was working directly with the family .
Bock served as the track 's senior director of medical services from 1982-2006 . They held the same title with the IndyCar Series from 1996-2006 and continued working as a consultant for both after retiring .
Though they developed new treatments for drivers , Bock may be best known for working on the SAFER barriers that have become a staple at American tracks .
In 2000 , they received Indiana 's prestigious Sagamore of the Wabash distinction .
Bock is survived by a brother , Bob , and a sister , Marianne .
More AP auto racing : www.racing.ap.org
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - The countdown to Thunder Over Louisville is on . This Saturday , thousands will pack downtown wanting to be part of this year 's kick off to Derby .
In order to get everyone to and from safely , Louisville Metro Police have a very detailed traffic plan .
Right after the morning rush hour on Thursday , the Clark Memorial Bridge will shut down to traffic and not reopen until Sunday , hopefully by 2 p.m . This is just the beginning of multiple road closures and route changes .
> > Digital Derby Guide
“ We have sound plans for both traffic and security , and we will be able to address any type of situation , ” LMPD Lt. Brian Bernardi said .
Louisville Metro Police are ready with a tried and true approach for this year 's Thunder Over Louisville . Keep in mind there will be lane closures , barricades and even direction changes .
“ We will once again utilize the Market Street plan as we call it , ” Sgt . Bill Patterson said . “ We will flip the traffic from 6th street back towards I-64 . We 've done that the last three years and it seems pretty effective for us . ”
> > TARC expanding service for Thunder Over Louisville
You 'll want to do your research beforehand . If you are planning on going downtown , LMPD encourages you to park on whatever side of the venue you live on .
Downtown bridges will be impacted at some point or another . The Big Four will be closed all day Saturday and on Friday from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. for the air show practice .
The Lincoln and Kennedy , carrying both directions of 65 traffic , will shut down at 8:45 p.m . This is 15 minutes later than last year . That includes I-65 northbound from the Watterson to I-64 , and I-65 southbound from Indiana 's I-265 to I-64 . Police hope to reopen those bridges by 11 p.m. on Saturday night .
> > Thunder : Local & Original to kick off Kentucky Derby Festival
“ If we can open it sooner we will because obviously that just helps us get people back across to Indiana , ” Patterson said .
The Sherman Minton Bridge and Lewis and Clark Bridge will remain open . Officers will be making sure no one is stopping in their cars or on foot on the new east end bridge . This will be the first year it 's open , so LMPD is not sure if it will help traffic matters .
“ This will be kind of a test run for us as well , ” Patterson said . “ I could see where it would n't hurt , but we will have to visit that after we run through it on Saturday . ”
Police ask for your patience and want to remind drivers that it can take up to 3 hours to clear out downtown .
Click here for detailed street closures .
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
( RNN ) - President Donald Trump took criticism for not explicitly condemning white nationalist groups following a deadly attack in Charlottesville , VA .
Trump 's initial statement about the protests said there was hate `` on many sides , '' which prompted critics and opponents to dismiss their statement as not being strong enough in condemning the extremist groups that initiated the protest .
The statement was in contrast to several other Republican leaders such as Vice President Mike Pence , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , speaker of the House Paul Ryan , Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R-UT ) , Sen. John McCain ( R-AZ ) , Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) and Sen. Marco Rubio ( R-FL ) all of whom explicitly condemned the demonstrations and white supremacy saying there was no place for hatred in America .
The White House later released an unsigned statement saying Trump `` of course '' included white supremacy in their rebuke .
Trump updated that statement Monday to condemn white supremacist groups and called racism `` evil . ''
Here 's how the president 's statements compare to previous presidents ' remarks on other racial incidents .
Trump on Charlottesville
Saturday : `` We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides - on many sides . It 's been going on for a long time on our country . It has no place in America . ''
On Twitter : `` We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for . There is no place for this kind of violence in America . Lets come together as one ! ''
Monday : `` We must love each other , show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred , bigotry and violence . Racism is evil . Those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America . ''
Barack Obama on Baltimore riot
`` There is no excuse for the kind of violence we saw yesterday . It is counterproductive . When individuals get crowbars and star prying open doors to loot , they 're not protesting . They 're not making a statement . They 're stealing . When they burn down a building , they are committing arson . They are destroying and undermining businesses in their own communities . So , it is entirely appropriate that mayor of Baltimore and the governor work to stop that kind of senseless violence and destruction . That is not a protest . That is not a statement . It 's a handful of people taking advantage of the situation for their own purposes , and they should be treated as criminals . ''
Obama on Charleston shooting
`` The fact that this took place in a black church obviously also raises questions about a dark part of our history . This is not the first time that black churches have been attacked . And we know that hatred across races and faiths pose a particular threat to our democracy and our ideals . ''
Obama on Sikh temple shooting
`` We do n't yet know fully what motivated this individual to carry out this terrible act . If it turns out , as some early reports indicate , that it may have been motivated in some way by the ethnicity of those who were attending the temple , I think the American people immediately recoil against those kinds of attitudes . I think it will be very important for us to reaffirm once again that , in this country , regardless of what we look like , where come from , who we worship , we are all one people . ''
George W. Bush on segregation
Bush was responding to a birthday message for Sen. Strom Thurmond ( R-SC ) , who ran for president on a segregationist ticket , by Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott ( R-MS ) .
`` Any suggestion that the segregated past was acceptable or positive is offensive , and it is wrong . Recent comments by Sen. Lott do not reflect the spirit of our country . They have apologized , and rightly so . Every day our nation was segregated was a day that America was unfaithful to our founding ideals . ''
Bush on Muslim community - Sept. 20 , 2011
`` I also want to speak tonight directly to Muslims throughout the world . We respect your faith . It 's practiced freely by many millions of Americans and by millions more in countries that America counts as friends . Its teachings are good and peaceful , and those who commit evil in the name of Allah blaspheme the name of Allah . The terrorists are traitors to their own faith , trying , in effect , to hijack Islam itself . The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends . It is not our many Arab friends . Our enemy is a radical network of terrorists and every government that supports them . ''
Ronald Reagan on Ku Klux Klan support
1980 : `` I have no tolerance whatsoever for what the Klan represents , '' they said in 1980 after a meeting with Jesse Jackson . `` Indeed , I resent them using my name . ''
1984 : `` Those of us in public life can only resent the use of our names by those who seek political recognition for the repugnant doctrines of hate they espouse . 'The politics of racial hatred and religious bigotry practiced by the Klan and others have no place in this country , and are destructive of the values for which America has always stood . ''
Lyndon Johnson on Selma
`` I am certain Americans everywhere join in deploring the brutality with which a number of Negro citizens of Alabama were treated when they sought to dramatize their deep and sincere interest in attaining the precious right to vote . ''
Copyright 2017 Raycom News Network . All rights reserved .
Manchester United has been seeing its share of injuries this season with Eric Bailly and Zlatan Ibrohivomich already on the sidelines , Fellaini is the latest one to join them due to a recent knee injury during the Tottenham game . Jose Mourino confirmed that they will not be playing with the team for Saturday 's match against Huddersfield . Manchester United is hoping to bounce back after the 2-0 loss to Tottenham today .
Jose Mourinho has confirmed that Marouane Fellaini will miss today 's Premier League clash against Huddersfield Town at Old Trafford after the midfielder picked up a knee injury in the midweek 2-0 defeat to Tottenham Hotspur . In an interview with MUTV at the Aon Training Complex , the manager identified Fellaini as the only new injury concern following the Spurs match . “ They [ the medical team ] are still working on it , ” said Mourinho . “ It 's an injury and I feel sorry for them personally and I feel sorry for the team because he 's an important player for us . I do n't have news because I do n't want to give you news based on the initial approach , ” the boss continued in their press conference .
“ But I do n't think the news is very good . They have a problem in their knee – it 's the same knee [ as previous injuries ] but not the same location . It was internal , now it 's external , so let 's wait probably a couple more days , but of course , they are out of the game tomorrow . It 's not an ACL [ anterior cruciate ligament ] , it 's not a complete rupture of any structure of the knee , so we are not going as far as that . But we need them and the Champions League is arriving , we have lots of tough matches to play . Probably we are going to lose them for a few weeks , but I can not say if it 's two , three , four or five [ weeks ] . I can not say at this moment . ”
The news means that Fellaini joins long-term absentees Eric Bailly and Zlatan Ibrahimovic on the sidelines . However , Mourinho had more positive news on the latter pair , suggesting that they could return later this month. “ They are working on the pitch but not yet with us as a group so they are not very close to a return , ” admitted the manager . “ But I want to believe that by Champions League time , around the end of the month , they will be back . ”
Saturday 's match against Huddersfield is the closest fixture to the 60th anniversary of the Munich Air Disaster , and Mourinho admitted it will be “ a day to play well ” . “ I think it 's a day to bring happiness to bring joy , ” they said . “ For people to be together enjoying the game and at the same time showing all the respect for the people and their families . ”
`` Bullshit '' : Yung6ix Blasts Ireti Doyle 's Husband , Patrick Over Davido 's `` 30 Billion For the Account '' Slang
Nigerian rapper , Yung6ix has slammed actor Ireti Doyle 's husband , Patrick for faulting the popular “ 30 billion for the account ” slang from Davido 's IF .
Patrick , in an interview with Hiptv said the slang would cause more harm than good to children in the nation , however , Yung6ix described the statement as ‘ Bullshit ' .
Patrick Doyle faults “ thirty billion ” slogan , says it is
This post was syndicated from Cambells Blog - Nigerian News Today , Top Headlines | Naija Music Download . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
44 MAIN TAPS INTO RENTAL DEMAND IN DOWNTOWN LITTLE FALLS , N.J. by
Saturday , February 03 2018 @ 03:52 PM EST
Posted in News & Views
The upscale rental building located at this desirable Passaic County address has quickly tapped into the large pool of renters attracted to urban-style living by offering well-appointed and modern homes , in-building amenities and an ultra-convenient location minutes from New Jersey Transit trains with direct service into Manhattan .
The high demand for this signature new rental offering has left a limited selection of one- and two-bedroom apartments available for lease , according to developer KV Realty LLC . The remaining homes are priced from $ 1,950 and provide Immediate Occupany .
“ There was clearly a market for new , stylish residences in downtown Little Falls as evidence by the success of 44 Main , ” says Jack Linefsky , Vice President of Property Management for Value Asset Management , the building 's exclusive leasing and management agent . “ The fast acceptance by the renting public has allowed us to quickly near the execution of our leasing program and left only a handful of apartments available to rent . We strongly encourage those interested in becoming a part of this signature new community to visit our leasing and model center today . ”
Homes in the elevator building range from 750 to over 1,200 square-feet and are priced from $ 1,950 . Found throughout the residences are condo-style finishes , including nine-foot ceilings , hardwood floors in living and dining areas , kitchens with color scheme cabinets , fully-equipped stainless steel appliances and quartz countertops with breakfast bar , lavish ceramic tiled bathrooms and in-unit washer and dryers . Apartments provide accent walls , energy-efficient LED lighting and flat screen TV wall mounts . Select homes also offer a bonus den/sitting room .
44 Main features a lower level amenity floor with bike storage , a resident 's only clubroom/lounge with full kitchen , flat screen T.V . 's and gaming tables and fully-equipped fitness center . There 's also ground floor retail space to provide residents quick access to a variety of local shops and services .
“ No detail was spared in the creation of this building , ” Mr. Linefsky adds . “ The development team drew on inspiration and design trends nationwide . From welcoming outdoor New Orleans French Quarter style light fixtures to reclaimed Wyoming wood plank walling in common spaces , there 's an attention to detail and warmth throughout 44 Main that ca n't be matched by any of the area 's larger rental offerings . ”
As its address suggests , 44 Main is located in the center of Little Falls downtown corridor , less than 10 minutes from the New Jersey Transit Little Falls Train Station on Union Boulevard and steps from many of the local storefronts . There 's also New Jersey Transit bus service in Manhattan nearby . The mixed-use building 's central location will bolster the township 's transit village status by encouraging pedestrian activity in a walkable environment .
“ Residents have fast access to the business and entertainment of New York City , as well as the convenience of downtown Little Falls ” Mr. Linefsky points out . “ We 're also just minutes from the heralded restaurants and culture of neighboring Montclair , and just a short trip from the many national retailers and outlets found along Route 46 . ”
For additional information on 44 Main , please call 973-837-8244 or visit www.44MainApts.com .
About Value Asset Management
Value Asset Management was formed by Clifton , N.J.-based Value Companies to provide full-service property management capabilities and customized asset solutions to third-party real estate investment and property owner clients . Headed by CEO and President Andrew Abramson , Value Companies boasts an impressive portfolio of approximately 3,226 multifamily apartments across fifteen communities in New Jersey and New York . Value Companies has received numerous industry awards for its various properties as well as being a 4-time recipient of the New Jersey Apartment Association Management Company of the Year award .
For more information , please contact Andrew Abramson , President and CEO of Value Companies , at its corporate headquarters at 973-473-2800 or visit www.valuecompanies.com
Advertisement
“ You are a fool on cheap drugs ” – Dino Melaye blast Gov . Bello for saying they lack parental care
Senator Dino Melaye has replied via a post on their Instagram page after Kogi State governor , Yahaya Bello attacked him , saying the lawmaker was not properly nurtured into adulthood by their parent . The comment came Wednesday as a political feud between the two former allies deteriorates , following an outbreak of violence at a political rally [ … ]
The post “ You are a fool on cheap drugs ” – Dino Melaye blast Gov . Bello for saying they lack parental care appeared first on Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In 2014 , the opening episode of Sherlock series three ended with a surprise glimpse of new villain Charles Augustus Magnussen , a week before we were expecting to be introduced to him .
Two years later , Sherlock creators Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat have repeated the trick , but this time in a far more subtle way…
Toby Jones 's “ diabolical and disgusting ” villain Culverton Smith was due to make their debut in The Lying Detective , episode two of the new fourth series , but eagle-eyed viewers watching the first instalment on New Year 's Day may have spotted their face in the most unlikely of places – a poster on a bus shelter .
In a scene in which John again crosses paths with the woman they may or may not have been having an affair with ( it 's kept relatively ambiguous ) , in the background we can see an ad featuring Jones 's smiling face , with the slogan ‘ He 's back ' in the top right hand corner .
It appears to be advertising something with a title that begins with the word ‘ business ' , possibly a book but more likely a TV show as below it is the word ‘ series ' . Either way , it looks as if it has something to do with crime as it also reads ‘ It 's murder in the… ' , with that key word in red .
In the original Sherlock Holmes story The Dying Detective , Smith is an expert in tropical diseases who resorts to poison in their attempt to get revenge on Holmes , but here it looks as if they could be either a murder mystery writer or – in just the kind of self-referential twist Gatiss and Moffat love – a TV detective .
If so , it looks like they could be on the other side of the law when they take on Sherlock ...
Sherlock : The Lying Detective is on Sunday 8th January on BBC1
PRESCOTT , Ariz. — Authorities in Prescott , Arizona , say a single-engine plane reportedly running low on fuel crashed while making an emergency landing on a street , injuring the three people involved .
Police say the pilot and two passengers in the plane when it crashed Tuesday night were hospitalized for non-life-threatening injuries . Their identities were not released and no additional information about their injuries was immediately available .
The plane crashed about 7 miles ( 11 kilometres ) short of the Prescott airport . The flight from the Los Angeles area was heading to Prescott .
Police say the plane had a wing shorn off and rolled onto its roof , possibly after striking a light pole .
Police also say there were no injuries when a vehicle rear-ended a car that stopped to avoid the plane .
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) - The NCAA 's playing rules oversight panel will give college basketball coaches more room to roam next season after approving an extension of the coaches ' boxes from 28 to 38 feet .
Other men 's basketball rules changes include finding more consistent spots for inbound passes .
The shot clock will be reset to 20 seconds when the offensive team draws a foul in the frontcourt . If more than 20 seconds remain there will be no change .
Referees can use instant replay in the final two minutes of the game or overtime to determine whether a secondary defender was inside or outside the restricted-arc area .
A legal screen will require players to keep their feet no wider than their shoulders . And a minimum of 0.3 seconds will be taken off the game clock when the ball is legally touched .
Defenders who straddle an offensive player 's leg and prohibit them from making a normal basketball move , including pivoting , will be assessed a personal foul .
Women 's basketball rule changes included moving the restricted-area arc in the lane to 4 feet . The arc previously had been 3 feet in front of the basket . A secondary defender must be outside the arc and in legal guarding position to draw a charge .
Also in women 's basketball , coaches will be allowed to carry over all timeouts to the second half rather than having one `` use it or lose it '' first-half timeout . The 10-second backcourt count wo n't be reset when a women 's basketball team on offense calls time out . Women 's basketball also approved the same rule change the men adopted in extending the coaches ' boxes from 28 feet to 38 feet .
Women 's basketball officials also will be allowed to use replay to determine if the ball was released on made baskets before the shot clock expired .
More AP college basketball at www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
NEW YORK — Federal law enforcement officials say they disrupted a plot to carry out terrorist attacks at New York City locations , including concert venues , subway stations and Times Square .
Prosecutors announced Friday that three men based in Canada , Pakistan and the Philippines had conspired to carry out terror attacks in the summer of 2016 in the name of the Islamic State .
Prosecutors say 19-year-old Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy bought materials to make a bomb but was arrested after travelling to New Jersey in May of 2016 .
They pleaded guilty later that year , but the case was sealed while the investigation continued .
Nineteen-year-old U.S. citizen Talha Haroon was arrested in Pakistan in 2016 . Thirty-seven-year-old Russell Salic was arrested in the Philippines in April .
It 's not clear if they have attorneys .
CALGARY — An Alberta man who was nicknamed “ balloonatic ” for soaring over the Calgary Stampede grounds in a lawn chair held aloft with helium balloons says he 's planning a legal flight that would break a skydiving record .
Dan Boria says they plan to apply for permits from Transport Canada to launch a high-altitude flight and is midway through getting a hot-air balloonist licence .
“ I 'm going to break the world record for the highest skydive from space and we 're going to go up in a lawn chair , ” Boria said in an interview .
“ If we do n't get the permits here in Canada , we 're going to have done it in the States , though I 'd prefer to do it in Alberta . ”
Google executive Alan Eustace holds the record for the highest skydive from space , which they set when they jumped from a helium balloon 41 kilometres above the Earth .
Boria pleaded guilty to dangerous operation of an aircraft for tying industrial-sized balloons to a lawn chair as part of a plan to parachute over the Stampede chuckwagon races in July 2015 .
It was a publicity stunt for their cleaning company , but high winds forced them to jump early before they reached the track .
A judge called Boria 's stunt “ unconscionably stupid ” and fined them $ 5,000 . An additional $ 1,500 was tacked on as a victim impact fee , and Boria was also required to donate $ 20,000 to a veterans food bank .
More recently , Boria said , they flew in a balloon-powered lawn chair high above the UFO mecca of Roswell , N.M. , while they recorded an infomercial for a cleaning product they sell .
Attempting to jump from a balloon on the edge of space , however , is more complicated .
French skydiver Michel Fournier tried numerous times to make the highest jump from a balloon over Saskatchewan between 2002 and 2010 , but technical problems prevented the attempts from going ahead .
Temperatures at 40 kilometres above the Earth plunge to -65 C and a special pressure suit is needed to keep blood from boiling .
Boria said he 's been planning for two years and is having a suit manufactured .
They said Transport Canada has told them that their conviction from their 2015 flight should n't preclude them from getting permits for a future altitude record attempt because “ now I 'm trying to do it legally . ”
For the January flight over Roswell , they had the assistance of hot-air balloonists from Albuquerque , N.M. , and one of them had a radio licence and kept air traffic in the area advised of their presence , they said .
Scott Massey , Roswell 's airport supervisor , said they had not heard of any such flight .
Boria said they and their assistants filled 120 balloons — each about six feet in diameter — with helium and when the chair was released , they shot up into the air at just over 150 metres a minute .
The wind blew them over Roswell and they said they believe they made it as high as 4.8 kilometres above sea level . A separate altimeter that would have told them the distance above ground was malfunctioning , they said , so they were afraid to jump as he 'd planned .
“ By the time I finished my infomercial , it did n't look like I was high enough to jump , ” Boria said .
“ I ended up riding the chair down and getting dragged accross the desert floor a little bit . ”
— By Rob Drinkwater in Edmonton
ST. CHARLES , Mo . — A former sheriff 's deputy and Missouri correctional officer who was convicted of killing their ex-girlfriend and their boyfriend in a child custody dispute was sentenced to death Friday .
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that Judge Kelly Wayne Parker sentenced Marvin Rice to death in the 2011 slaying of Annette Durham and to life in prison in the slaying of Steven Strotkamp .
A jury in August convicted Rice , a former Dent County deputy , of first-degree murder for Durham 's death and second-degree murder for Strotkamp 's . But the jury could n't decide whether Rice should be put to death , leaving it to the judge .
Prosecutors said Rice and Durham had an affair while they were a deputy . Durham , who struggled with addiction , was jailed several times and the boy was born in 2010 while they were in prison .
Dent County prosecutor Andrew Curley said that when Durham got out of prison in 2011 , Rice initially allowed them only brief supervised visits with the boy . On Dec. 10 , 2011 , they were allowed an unsupervised visit and decided that they wanted to keep their son overnight , Curley said .
Rice went to the home outside Salem where Durham and Strotkamp lived and shot the couple . They took the child and gave them to their wife before leading police on a chase that ended in a shootout in a Jefferson City hotel during a Christmas party , Curley said .
Strotkamp identified Rice as their killer before they died .
Lawyers for Rice did not deny that Rice shot Durham and Strotkamp . But public defender Charles Hoskins told jurors that Rice “ snapped ” when Durham told him , “ You 're never seeing ( your son ) again , and neither is your family. ” They argued that Rice was under “ extreme emotional distress ” and that a pituitary tumour and the 17 medications they were taking affected their impulse control and made them paranoid .
——
Information from : St. Louis Post-Dispatch , http : //www.stltoday.com
Japan 's parliament has approved a contentious bill that makes it a crime to plan a crime .
The ruling coalition pushed the conspiracy legislation through the upper house Thursday , bypassing committee approval that normally precedes a vote by the full house . The more powerful lower house passed the bill last month .
The law criminalizes the planning of 277 serious crimes . The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe says it is needed to prevent terrorism , especially with the Olympics coming to Tokyo in 2020 .
A sizeable crowd protested outside parliament Wednesday . Opponents warn that authorities could use the legislation to limit free speech and public protests .
The U.N. special rapporteur on the right to privacy sent an open letter to Abe raising concerns over the bill .
Have you ever had an epiphany where a lot of things have gone on but for some reason , just all at once , it hits you and you ca n't stop laughing ?
Some of you may remember the last stray cat that came to my house ( Kit Kat ) , yes she 's still here : )
She 's still here
I had their spayed , got their shots , but they ca n't come inside because I have other cats , and they tend to not like them . When I leave the front door open with just the storm door locked , they play peek-a-boo through the glass , lol . I ca n't tell you how funny it is to watch them . Sweet P will sit on the inside , Kit Kat will sit on the outside , and each one is diving into the glass trying to get the other . Sweet P gets on the top of the front door when it 's open , so they can look straight down through the glass and see them All the while she 's sitting on the outside looking up and meowing . He 'll jump down and duck below the glass and at the same time she 's just on the other side doing the same thing . Then they both jump at the same time and scare each other to death . They literally duck and peek over the edge trying to not let the other one see it . She 's turned out to be a sweety , with a lot of patience on my part .
That 's not the end of the story .
Shortly after Kit Kat got over their surgery , I turned them loose , they have n't left my porch , lol . Apparently she 's going around the neighbor hood gathering the poorly treated and hungry strays and then brings them to my house . I went out one night several weeks ago , and there , eating kit Kat 's food , was a pretty black cat ( would n't let me get near it ) . Then a few weeks ago I went outside and a possum was sitting on the table eating the cat food . Well , they took off as soon as I got out there . I do n't mind it being here as long as there 's no trouble , so I leave extra food on the front steps for the cat .
Still not the end of the story .
I do n't smoke in the house is why I 'm always going outside : ) Anyway , I went out that night and there was a big white cat sitting on the sidewalk , so I had to get a bigger food container . The white one is even more thin and cautious than the black one .
Well , tonight was the culmination of all their antics ...... I went out to smoke and when I turned the light on , guess who was in an extra cat bed ? The possum , LMAO ! ! ! I just backed in and watched it till got down and had some water and down the steps they went . I got photo 's , it was dark and I was shooting through windows . Here 's Mr. Possum in the cat 's bed : )
Mr. Possum
This bed 's so warm and cozy , lol .
With a little luck there wo n't be any possum babies ! ! ! ! !
And just as an extra , here 's a little buck in the field next to me .
Taken at dusk , best I could get .
They were almost to the birdbath and a car stopped and scared them into the woods : (
WASHINGTON — Medicare will require hospitals to post their standard prices online and make electronic medical records more readily available to patients , officials said Tuesday .
The program is also starting a comprehensive review of how it will pay for costly new forms of immunotherapy to battle cancer .
Seema Verma , head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , said the new requirement for online prices reflects the Trump administration 's ongoing efforts to encourage patients to become better-educated decision makers in their own care .
“ We are just beginning on price transparency , ” said Verma . “ We know that hospitals have this information and we 're asking them to post what they have online . ”
Hospitals are required to disclose prices publicly , but the latest change would put that information online in machine-readable format that can be easily processed by computers . It may still prove to be confusing to consumers , since standard rates are like list prices and do n't reflect what insurers and government programs pay .
Patients concerned about their potential out-of-pocket costs from a hospitalization would still be advised to consult with their insurer . Most insurance plans nowadays have an annual limit on how much patients must pay in copays and deductibles — although traditional Medicare does not .
Likewise , many health care providers already make computerized records available to patients , but starting in 2021 Medicare would base part of a hospital 's payments on how good a job they do .
Using electronic medical records remains a cumbersome task , and the Trump administration has invited technology companies to design secure apps that would let patients access their records from all their providers instead of having to go to different portals .
Verma also announced Medicare is starting a comprehensive review of how it will pay for a costly new form of immunotherapy called CAR-T . It 's gene therapy that turbocharges a patient 's own immune system cells to attack cancer .
Immune system T cells are filtered from the patient 's own blood and reprogrammed to target and kill cancer cells that had managed to evade them . Hundreds of millions of copies of the revved-up cells are then returned to the patient 's blood to take on the cancer .
Though only a couple of such treatments have been approved for blood cancers , the cost can exceed $ 370,000 per patient .
“ It 's a new area for the agency , ” said Verma . “ We have n't seen drugs priced at this level and we 're having to think about our strategy . ”
USA Network
Here are your quick and dirty , editorial-free Raw results for March 19 , 2018 . The show featured Matt Hardy and Bray Wyatt 's “ Ultimate Deletion ” and a rare appearance by WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar .
WWE Raw Results :
– The show opened with Kurt Angle saying Roman Reigns is suspended , and Brock Lesnar has n't made their way to the building “ yet. ” Reigns appeared and said they were going to talk to Lesnar face to face no matter what . Reigns set up a chair in the ring and refused to leave , so Angle went to the back .
U.S . Marshals came to the ring and read Reigns their Miranda rights , then put handcuffs on them and tried to arrest him . Reigns attacked the Marshals , and once they were all laid out , Lesnar entered . Lesnar attacked Reigns with a chair while Reigns was handcuffed .
Reigns was placed on a stretcher by medical personnel , and when they were strapped in , Lesnar returned too ringside to continue the assault .
– Alexa Bliss and Mickie James came to the ring . Bliss pretended to apologize for what they said about Nia Jax last week , but said she 's sorry they did n't say it sooner , and admitted they were using Jax .
1 . Asuka defeated Alexa Bliss . This was a non-title match . After Asuka put Bliss in a lengthy ankle lock , Bliss got to the ropes , then opted for the count-out loss with James ' assistance . After the match , Jax ran out to get their hands on Bliss , but Bliss escaped through the crowd .
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Court stops Jigawa LG elections
By Aliyu Dangida
DUTSE—Jigawa State chapter of Senator Ahmed Makarfi-led Peoples Democratic Party , PDP , has secured a court order from Federal High Court , Dutse , restraining Jigawa State Independent Electoral Commission , JISIEC , from conducting local government council elections , pending the determination of the motion on notice .
This was contained in a court order secured by the Makarfi faction on Monday , a copy of which was made available to newsmen in Dutse .
The decision came 24 hours after the state government presented flags to the progressives Congress , APC 's chairpersonship aspirants of the 27 councils and barely two weeks to the conduct of council polls in the state .
Earlier , the Makarfi-led PDP had dragged JISIEC before Federal High Court , Dutse , for fielding candidates in the forthcoming local government council elections .
Also joined in the suite is the National Chairman of PDP , Ali Modu Sheriff ; state Chairman of Sherrif 's faction , Ibrahim Makama , and Independent National Electoral Commission , INEC .
Counsel to the plaintiffs , Yakubu Ruba , said the case was instituted to stop the state JISIEC from substituting the names of their candidates earlier submitted for the council polls in favour of Sheriff 's faction .
The post Court stops Jigawa LG elections appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Woodlands County Council passed a new and updated version of the Woodlands County Land Use Bylaw with little resistance .
The regular council meeting took place at the Regional Municipal Office in Fort Assiniboine on June 6 . The purpose of the bylaw is to regulate the use and development of land within the county . Administration said this bylaw allows development to be kept orderly and economical .
“ It 's a tool that we use everyday , ” said Woodlands County Mayor Jim Rennie .
Last updated in 2013 , the bylaw is meant to be simpler and more streamlined . Terminology has been changed , several areas throughout the county have been rezoned and increased density in residential areas has been allowed .
“ We 've been working on it for two years , ” Rennie explained .
Council gave local residents a chance to voice their opinions during an open house and public hearing on April 3 . Rennie said most of the concerns were regarding the rezoning of the airport , specifically with how the airport could potentially turn into a large industrial area .
This rezoning is mainly designed to keep air-side services where they are , but Rennie said council revised the land use bylaw so no one would be able to put heavy-duty equipment near the runway .
“ Wording concerns were cleared up , ” Rennie added .
Low-level crossing to remain unrepaired
Woodlands County Council rejected the proposal to repair a low-level crossing on June 6 due to physical and financial constraints .
Located on Range Road 20 near Anselmo Hall , administration outlined in a council report that this crossing has been affected by flooding on a repetitive basis , with the three existing culverts unable to deal with heavy rainfall .
“ We 'll just continue to monitor it after every high-water event , ” said Woodlands County Mayor Jim Rennie . “ Whether it 's one home or a hundred homes , we still value them . ”
In May , local residents Daryl and Lorraine Yagos requested that additional culverts be installed for the low-level crossing so they would n't have to take a 12 kilometre detour to Whitecourt every time there was an inch of rain .
While Rennie called the request “ fair , ” installing additional culverts would not reduce flooding , and a replacement low-level crossing would be unable to meet fish passage requirements . One promising solution is to put in a girder bridge , but administration explained the cost was estimated to between $ 1.3 million and $ 1.5 million .
“ ( We ) only ( have ) so many tax dollars to build so many bridges , ” Rennie said .
The original low-level crossing was constructed in 1972 . The existing infrastructure is expected to last five to eight more years .
“ I think it was probably the wrong structure at the time , but it was relatively inexpensive to do , ” Rennie said .
Last year , the Bridge Infrastructure Fund for Alberta was dissolved , leaving Woodland County to maintain 87 bridges within the municipality .
“ This is a problem all rural municipalities are facing , ” Rennie said .
As our urban centers become more densely populated , engineers are continuously looking to maximize this space by building upward rather than outward . As a result , we 've seen massive skyscrapers sprout up in metropolitans around the world . But some of the most populated areas on the globe are also prone to earthquakes . As history has shown time and time again , a massive tremor in an ill-designed city center can have costly and , most importantly , deadly ramifications . This is why earthquake proof buildings , also known as earthquake resistant buildings , are becoming more common .
In an attempt to prevent damage during a quake , many earthquake-prone cities have mandated sweeping engineering standards for new high-rises as well as retrofitting standards for older units . But just because a building is sturdy does n't mean it ca n't have style . We 've collected the most amazing and gorgeous earthquake proof buildings from around the world .
( When you 're done with these buildings , check out the craziest , most tricked-out shipping container homes , or everything we know about how China builds artificial islands . )
Taipei 101 ( Taipei , Taiwan ) At 1,667 feet tall , Taipei 101 was the tallest building in the world when it was completed in 2004 . While it may no longer hold claim to this engineering title , Taipei 101 still houses some of the most impressive seismic- and weather-resistant technologies ever designed . Taipei 101 uses a a massive internal damper to control swaying and minimize the possibility of structural damage or failure , making it a very earthquake resistant building . The goal of such a damper is n't to prevent swaying in general , but to instead attempt to control this movement . This tuned mass damper weighs 728 tons and is suspended between the 87th and 92nd floors . During an earthquake or high winds , the pendulum counteracts the building 's movements . In 2005 , during Typhoon Soudelor , Taipei 101 was blitzed with winds of 100 miles per hour and even a gust of 145 mph . However , the damper — which was engineered for a maximum wind speed of 135 mph — quite literally weathered the storm . You can watch the pendulum in motion during Typhoon Soudelor .
Shanghai Tower ( Shanghai , China ) Standing more than 2,000 feet high , the Shanghai Tower is the second tallest building on the planet . Unfortunately , Shanghai is located in a seismically active area and the site of the tower is composed primarily of soft , clay-heavy soil . To boost the foundation and make it more of an earthquake proof building , engineers incorporated 980 piles — some nearly 300 feet deep — secured within 2.15 million cubic feet of reinforced concrete . Like Taipei 101 , the Shanghai Tower also utilizes a tuned mass damper to control sway during an earthquake or high winds . Weighing in at 1,000 tons , the damper in the Shanghai Tower dwarfs the device used in Taipei 101 by more than 200 tons . As the building sways , the inertia of the weight counters this movement . For optimal counterbalancing , a series of shock absorbers keep the pendulum from swinging too far or too quickly .
The Transamerica Pyramid ( San Francisco , California ) A study published in 2016 , stated that current predictive earthquake models could be significantly underestimating the potential of the next massive tremor to strike the Bay Area . This future shock is currently forecasted to be at least as strong as the notorious 1994 6.7-magnitude Northridge quake and the Transamerica Pyramid — currently the tallest building in San Francisco — was deigned to withstand the inevitable Big One . The building itself sits on a 52-feet deep foundation of concrete and steel that was designed to move with the earth during a quake . The exterior is made of precast quartz aggregate , buttressed with reinforcing rods at four points on each level . During the 1989 , the 6.9-magnitude Loma Prieta quake , the building shook for more than a minute and the top floor swayed from side-to-side nearly a foot , but the building sustained no structural damage . A series of sensors installed in the frame of the building measure horizontal displacement and according to the U.S. Geological Survey , the Transamerica Pyramid could withstand an even larger seismic event . It may be a true earthquake proof building .
Mori Tower ( Tokyo , Japan ) Japan sits in one of the most seismically active regions on the planet . Each year , the country experiences more than 100,000 earthquakes , according to the Seismology Society of Japan . After the catastrophic 1995 Great Hanshin earthquake — or Kobe earthquake is it more commonly known — the country mandated new engineering standards and sweeping retrofitting overhauls to prevent similar devastation in the future . Mori Tower is one of the tallest buildings in Tokyo and per its official website , the tower was designed to be a “ a ‘ city to escape into ' rather than a city from which people run away. ” To fulfill this ambitious goal , the Mori Tower features some of the most sophisticated motion-absorbing , earthquake resistant building technology ever implemented . Like Taipei 101 , Mori Tower uses damper engineering for seismic resistance . However , rather than implementing a massive tuned damper Mori Tower uses 192 of fluid-filled shock absorbers . These semi-active dampers are filled with a thick oil , and as the tower begins to sway — as a result of tremor or high winds — this oil is sloshed in the opposite direction to counter and/or minimize this swaying .
New Wilshire Grand Center ( Los Angeles , California ) Southern California is long overdue for a massive earthquake and this was known even prior to a newly identified fault in the area capable of creating a 7.4-magnitude earthquake . With this rather foreboding knowledge in mind , Los Angeles has some of the most expansive seismic building regulations in the country . In fact , in 2015 , more than 15,000 buildings were required to be retrofitted to meet these new guidelines . As one could imagine , the tallest building in Los Angeles , the New Wilshire Grand tower , went through rather rigorous seismic modeling beforehand . During testing it was realized that an earthquake could create catastrophic whiplash on the top floors of the building . To counter this , the team implemented 30 outriggers along three sections of the building . Outriggers are braces that form triangles that extend from the center of the complex to the exterior columns of the building , allowing the facility to resist vertical and lateral forces . To further buttress these outriggers , engineers incorporated a series of so-called buckling-restrained braces to each unit . These specialized braces can stretch and also compress without buckling . The building itself sits on a 17.5-foot concrete foundation and the seismic savvy skyscraper also utilizes a joint between the base and the tower that is capable of sustaining up to 1.5-feet of sway .
Sabiha Gökçen Airport ( Istanbul , Turkey ) In 1999 , a 7.4-magnitude earthquake hit Istanbul killing 17,000 people . Seeing as the city is situated near the Arabian , African , and Eurasian tectonic plates , another large quake is projected to happen within the next 30 years . With that in mind , engineers designed Istanbul 's Sabiha Gökçen Airport to be able to withstand the next inevitable seismic shock . The airport now claims the lofty and very specific title of the world 's largest seismically isolated building . The two-million square foot complex sits above the ground on more than 300 seismic isolators . These individual bearings shift with the undulations of the earthquake , allowing the entire building to move as a single unit . This design diminishes the acceleration the building would experience during an earthquake by 80 percent .
Colton Haynes Hits on Nick Robinson in One of Two Deleted Scenes from ‘ Love , Simon ' – WATCH BOTH
﻿
Amtrak chief of police Neil Trugman held a press conference on Tuesday regarding Aaron Salazar , who was found badly bruised and burned beside a set of rail tracks in an Amtrak yard in Truckee , California .
Salazar had been traveling back to school in Portland on Amtrak from their home in Colorado .
Their last text message , to their great grandmother , was this : “ I have a layover before getting on the next train . I made a friend on the train and we 're going to go get some food and explore . ”
That was the last anyone heard from them before they were found battered next to the tracks .
Trugman said that after interviews with hundreds of people including “ nearly every passenger on that train ” they have concluded that there was no criminal activity involved , that Salazar committed suicide after throwing themselves from an open window on the moving train , which would have been going 40 mph .
Said Trugman in the press conference : “ He was distraught , they were dealing with some issues . I 'm not going to get into details exactly of what they were , but they were dealing with some life issues . ”
Trugman said that they also contacted the “ friend ” mentioned in Salazar 's text message , the Reno Gazette Journal reports : “ Trugman said that Salazar and the other passenger met in a lounge car , but were ticketed in separate passenger cars . The passenger told police that they and Salazar only spoke briefly , but made plans to have dinner in Sacramento . The two then parted and went back to their respective ticketed areas of the train . The passenger , according to Trugman , never saw Salazar again . Trugman said that passenger also described Salazar as anxious and seeming to have life issues . ”
Salazar is making slow progress in a hospital in Reno , is breathing on their own and has tried to open their eyes and squeeze their mother 's hand , but is still unconscious .
Salazar 's family believes that the local police are protecting the federal government and expressed alarm to the Reno Gazette journal that “ Amtrak is investigating an incident on an Amtrak train with an Amtrak passenger . ”
Full report here .
FEATHERSTONE stayed on course for the Championship top-four with a dazzling first-half display .
On-loan half-back Cory Aston piled up 20 points with two tries and six goals as they inflicted Bradford 's second Easter defeat following Friday 's home loss against Halifax .
Featherstone winger Scott Turner scored twice in the first half against Bradford .
Winger Scott Turner grabbed two first-half tries as Featherstone repeated last month 's Challenge Cup win at Bradford by building a match-winning 38-0 interval lead after being 14 points ahead in as many minutes .
Bradford 's lost the ball on the second tackle and Rovers capitalised when John Davies , Ian Hardman and Josh Hardcastle put in Misi Taulapapa at the corner .
Featherstone shot further ahead with two tries in three minutes .
Crisp handling by Chris Ulugia , Luke Cooper , Turner , James Lockwood and Davies sent in Hardcastle before Turner finished a slick move by darting over from Ulugia 's pass .
Bulls fell further behind when Anthony Thackeray sent Andy Bostock plunging over from close range .
Rovers added three tries in seven minutes before half-time . Aston scored twice – the first from their own grubber kick - and Turner bagged their second from a move involving Matty Wildie , Thackeray and Hardman .
Bulls improved in the second half , outscoring the home side 18-6 . Ryan Oakes opened Bradford 's account with a 55-yard interception try but Rovers replied through Darrell Griffin . Bostock was sin-binned in the 53rd minute and although the Bulls failed to take advantage of the extra man they later scored when Oakes grabbed their second touchdown from a crossfield kick by Thomas . Taulapapa became the second Rovers player to be sin-binned eight minutes from time for a challenge on Johnny Campbell and this time Bradford capitalised by completing the scoring when Omari Caro went over and Thomas kicked their third goal .
Featherstone Rovers : Hardman ; Taulapapa , Ulugia , Hardcastle , Turner ; Thackeray , Aston ; Cooper , Carlile , Moore , Knowles , Davies , Lockwood . Subs : Griffin , Wildie , Ormondroyd , Bostock .
Bradford Bulls : Campbell ; Macani , Oakes , Ryan , Caro ; Thomas , Keyes ; Magrin , Moore , Kirk , Bentley , Larroyer , Wilkinson . Subs : Halafihi , Davies , Hodgson , Tomlinson .
Referee : Liam Moore ( Wigan ) .
Attendance : 3,112 .
The new royal baby was only born yesterday , but they already have their own line of merch . Earlier today , a line of ornaments , plates , and tankards arrived in the Royal Collections Shop in celebration of Britain 's new prince .
In addition to the items available now , many of which feature a lion and a unicorn ( `` the heraldic supporters of the coat of arms '' ) along with the coronet of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , a commemorative mug is also in the works . Hopefully with the child 's name , once it has been announced . That said , while the stuff is adorable , do keep in mind that shipping to the States is pricey : upwards of £20 .
See the full collection below :
ALBANY , N.Y. — David Nichols scored 12 points and made two free throws in the final seconds to seal Albany 's 74-69 win over Siena in the Albany Cup on Saturday night .
Siena 's Ahsante Shivers banged in two straight 3-pointers to send the Saints ahead 65-63 with 4:14 left . It was Siena 's first lead since the early minutes of the game .
Travis Charles , who finished with 19 points for Albany , answered with a jumper to tie it . They followed with another jumper to give Albany a 69-67 advantage with 2:31 left . The Great Danes made five free throws down the stretch to hold off Siena .
The Saints scored just four points in the final 4:00 .
Joe Cremo made 8 of 10 from the line and finished with 16 points for Albany ( 10-1 ) , which is off to its best start since the 1993-94 team began the year 18-1 .
Roman Penn had 15 points and Shivers added 13 for Siena ( 2-7 ) .
Need To Charge Your Electric Car ? There 's an App for That
The easier it is to charge electric cars , the more people are likely to buy them . So goes the thinking at ChargePoint , the largest-charging network in the U.S .
To that end , ChargePoint on Thursday introduced a `` tap to pay '' app for the iPhone , the Apple Watch and Android phones .
Rather than peck through menus on a touchscreen to pay , users can tap their device on a ChargePoint station , plug in and start charging .
The service is available on most of ChargePoint 's 40,000 charging stations in the U.S .
The 10-year-old company , based in Campbell , Calif. , on the south edge of Silicon Valley , depends on the popularity of electric vehicles for its own growth .
`` ChargePoint is committed to getting every driver behind the wheel of an EV . A major part of achieving that goal is making it as easy as possible for drivers to charge , '' said Colleen Jansen , ChargePoint 's chief marketing officer .
Tesla 's Supercharger network receives massive publicity , but those chargers are restricted to Tesla drivers . Almost any electric car can load up on electrons at a ChargePoint station .
The company has expanded its network by selling charging stations to retailers and others to put in their parking lots . Now it 's expanding its services arm , which helps owners of electric car fleets -- such as mass transit agencies and trucking companies -- manage their fueling operations .
It also has embarked on a major business expansion in Europe and is beginning to sell high-power quick-charge direct-current stations .
The company said it plans an IPO sometime in the next few years .
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : ChargePoint .
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
TORONTO — Corus Entertainment Inc. says it and Bell Media Inc. have agreed to end a deal on two Quebec specialty television channels after the proposed sale was blocked by the Commissioner of Competition .
Corus said on Monday it was reviewing the commissioner 's rejection of the deal to sell French-language channels Historia and Series+ to Bell .
When the companies announced the sale in October 2017 , they valued the transaction at about $ 200 million .
In addition to Competition Act approval , the deal had required approval from the CRTC .
In one of the most unlikely pairings in television , the world of Colin Dexter 's creation Endeavour Morse is to collide onscreen with… ITV soap Crossroads .
Advertisement
Yes , unbelievable as it sounds , it looks as if the character of Inspector Morse , now a mere Detective Sergeant in Morse prequel Endeavour , is going to be shown staying at a motel in Kings Oak in the episode airing a week on Sunday .
And as many TV fans know , Kings Oak was the fictional Midlands area where long-running ITV soap Crossroads was set .
We spotted the reference 31 seconds into the extended trailer for series five ( below ) and sources on the ITV show ( written by Russell Lewis ) assure us that yes indeed , this is quite deliberate .
As far as the production is concerned , Shaun Evans ' Morse does stay at the Crossroads motel while travelling around the Midlands on the hunt for the killer of a young woman…
Given that Endeavour is set in 1968 , it 's unlikely that they will come across Crossroads favourite Benny , the likeable handyman with the beanie hat ( played by Paul Henry ) , because the character joined in 1975 .
But tune in on Sunday 18th February to see if they meet 1960s favourites like Meg , Jill or legendary cleaner Amy Turtle…
This article was originally published in February 2018
Advertisement
Endeavour season five airs on PBS Masterpiece on Sundays , 9/8c
In December 2004 , in the midst of final exams , four young men robbed the rare-book room at the library of Transylvania University in Lexington , Ky. A Vanity Fair article a few years later described the heist as one part “ Ocean 's 11 , ” one part “ Harold & Kumar , ” which might raise your hopes for “ American Animals , ” a new movie that reconstructs the crime . But the film , written and directed by Bart Layton , ca n't quite decide what it wants to be : a slick , speedy caper ; a goofball comedy ; or a commentary on the state of the American soul . It 's none of those — a tame and toothless creature that is neither fish nor fowl .
Dispensing with the usual vague “ based on a true story ” smoke screen , “ American Animals ” claims to show the truth about what happened . The actual perpetrators show up as narrators , offering slightly different but essentially compatible versions of events with at least the partial wisdom of hindsight . Their presence adds a patina of documentary credibility . Their younger , more irresponsible selves are played by professional actors , who re-enact the hectic planning , frenzied execution and inevitable unraveling of the theft .
The biggest prize is an exquisite first edition of John James Audubon 's “ The Birds of America , ” which catches the eye of Spencer Reinhard ( Barry Keoghan ) , an art student at Transylvania . They propose stealing it , perhaps as a joke , to their friend Warren Lipka ( Evan Peters ) , a University of Kentucky student with an impulsive , volatile temperament . The two are an interesting study in contrasts . Spencer is moody , cerebral and prone to bouts of caution and common sense . Warren , whose parents are divorcing and who is in danger of losing their athletic scholarship , is wilder , perhaps even to the point of instability .
COLUMBUS , IN ( WAVE ) - Two Columbus police officers are credited with saving a 12-year-old autistic boy who waded into a retention pond .
Police were dispatched to the area of 25th Street and Lockerbie drive about 5:30 p.m. Sunday after multiple reports of a child running near traffic . Officers were notified a short time later that the child is autistic .
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ WAVE 3 News app
+ WAVE 3 Storm Tracker app
+ Inside The Rail app
CPD Administrative Captain Brian Wilder , who was off duty but near the area , responded to the call . They observed the child a short time later running toward a nearby residential area .
Additional officers arrived as the child entered a retaining pond near the 5000 block of Victory Drive moments later . Wilder and Officer Tony Kummer entered the water with flotation bags and were able to bring the child safely out of the water . The boy was unharmed .
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ Ultrasound catches twins sharing apparent kiss
+ VIDEO : Boston bombing survivor from Louisville
+ KSP dispatcher talks couple through birth they were n't expecting
`` CPD officers receive training each year on interacting with persons who are autistic , '' Lt. Matt Harris , public relations officer for the Columbus Police Department , said . `` The quick actions of our officers prevented what could have been a tragic situation . ''
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
Apple has come a long way since the 1984 Macintosh debut , having been at the forefront of the smartphone revolution as well as the burgeoning market of smart wearables with its Apple Watch . If you 're the proud owner of one of these smartwatches but you still yearn for the retro look of the old Macintosh computers , then the Elago W3 Apple Watch stand is a must-have .
This small silicone stand turns your Apple Watch into a miniature Macintosh look-alike — complete with a little simulated floppy disk slot — giving you a nostalgic throwback to the good old days when the company launched its iconic personal computer in 1984 . Your watch display lines up horizontally with the stand to simulate a tiny computer screen , and can display the date and time in Nightstand mode .
The stand has a circular cut-out and small cable channel to fit the magnetic Apple Watch chargers , which are sold separately , so the Elago W3 can do double duty as a charging dock . The round charging unit fits perfectly in the rubberized housing and sits flush against your Apple Watch so it will not disconnect if the stand gets moved or jostled around .
The durable silicone is soft and flexible , so it wo n't leave any scuff marks on your watch case . The Elago W3 is also designed to work perfectly with all current Apple Watch models and straps , including the ceramic , rubber sport , Milanese loop , and metal link bracelets .
The Elago W3 Apple Watch stand is already highly affordable at its normal $ 13 price tag , but Amazon is knocking another $ 3 off bringing this retro accessory down to $ 10 . At this low price , the Elago W3 is a must-have stand for Apple Watch owners , Mac heads , and anyone else who looks back fondly on the classic 1984 Macintosh computer that started it all .
$ 10 from Amazon
PARIS — French authorities called for calm in France 's western city of Nantes , where violent clashes between protesters and police broke out overnight after an officer shot dead a 22-year-old driver who was trying to avoid a police checkpoint .
Interior ministry Gerard Collomb strongly condemned the violence in a written statement Wednesday .
French authorities said prosecutors have opened a judicial investigation . Police also opened an internal probe looking at the officer 's actions and their decision to use a firearm .
Protesters in Nantes clashed with police , throwing Molotov cocktails and burning cars and rubbish bins
Protesters also set fire to shops and buildings in three poor neighbourhoods across the city .
The clashes ended early Wednesday morning .
WARREN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – The Warren Family Mission is asking for your help making sure local kids have the best Christmas possible .
Hundreds of children are served by the mission 's toy giveaway each year , but right now , they 're short on toys .
The giveaway is December 16 .
You can drop off new , unwrapped toys at the mission , located at 155 Tod Ave. NW . in Warren . The Mission is collecting toys for children ages 0 to 18 ( as long as the teenager is still in high school ) .
If you do n't have enough time to shop , you can drop off donations and gift cards and a staff member will do the shopping for you .
Now through December 16 , donations can be dropped off from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday . All donations are tax deductible .
For more information , call 330-394-5437 .
ANN ARBOR , Mich. — Hailey Brown and Hallie Thome each scored 11 points and No . 24 Michigan overcame a slow start to get past Kent State for a 54-41 win Sunday .
Michigan ( 8-2 ) got the first bucket of the game , a quick layup from Brown , but then went scoreless until the end of the first quarter when Kayla Robbins sank a 3-pointer to cut the gap to 12-5 .
Kent State 's Alexa Golden responded with a 3 to stretch the margin back to double figures as the opening quarter ended but then the Wolverines dug in , erasing the deficit with a 14-4 second quarter to tie it at 19 at halftime , and broke away at the end of the third with a 7-0 spurt to go up 38-28 with just over 10 minutes left in the game .
Thome and Deja Church each went 2 for 2 from the line during the late third-quarter run , which was capped with Nicole Munger 's 3-pointer to give Michigan a double-digit advantage it protected the rest of the way .
Munger finished with 10 points and Jillian Dunston had seven rebounds to go with five assists for the Wolverines .
Kent State ( 6-5 ) got 15 points from Golden and Jordan Korinek had 10 .
COLUMBUS , IN ( WAVE ) - Two Columbus police officers are credited with saving a 12-year-old boy who waded into a retention pond .
Police were dispatched to the area of 25th Street and Lockerbie drive about 5:30 p.m. Sunday after multiple reports of a child running near traffic . Officers were notified a short time later that the child is autistic .
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ WAVE 3 News app
+ WAVE 3 Storm Tracker app
+ Inside The Rail app
CPD Administrative Captain Brian Wilder , who was off duty but near the area , responded to the call . They observed the child a short time later running toward a nearby residential area .
Additional officers arrived as the child entered a retaining pond near the 5000 block of Victory Drive moments later . Wilder and Officer Tony Kummer entered the water with flotation bags and were able to bring the child safely out of the water . The boy was unharmed .
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ Ultrasound catches twins sharing apparent kiss
+ VIDEO : Boston bombing survivor from Louisville
+ KSP dispatcher talks couple through birth they were n't expecting
`` CPD officers receive training each year on interacting with persons who are autistic , '' Lt. Matt Harris , public relations officer for the Columbus Police Department , said . `` The quick actions of our officers prevented what could have been a tragic situation . ''
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
`` Bachelor '' Nick Viall acknowledged that they will see a familiar face during tonight 's Season 21 premiere of the hit reality TV show .
Viall stopped by `` Good Morning America '' today and admitted they had a close encounter in the past with Elizabeth `` Liz '' Sandoz , who recently spilled that the pair had a one-night stand .
`` Oh I definitely remembered , yeah , '' Viall said of when they saw Sandoz on the show . `` At that point , I had already met about 14 other women ... Your head is kind of spinning . And so they came out , I was like 'Huh ? ' and then they took an interesting approach , which you 'll have to watch tonight . But they did n't say their name so the whole time I 'm like , ' I 'm pretty sure it 's you ... ' ''
In an exclusive preview of the season 's first episode , Sandoz said they met Viall at the September wedding of Jade Roper and Tanner Tolbert , who met while filming the second season of `` Bachelor in Paradise . ''
`` And there definitely was a connection and chemistry there and we had sex , '' Sandoz recalls of their encounter with Viall . `` It was just a fun night .
Sandoz said they were unsure if Viall would remember them The two held hands and were seen hugging in the clip as Viall met them and the 29 other women who will compete for their love .
Viall received some advice from `` Bachelor '' alums , including Desiree Hartsock and Ali Fedotowsky live on `` GMA '' this morning . The 36-year-old said they also get tips from men formerly on the dating show .
`` I 'm good friends with Chris Soules and Ben Higgins , and they kind of prepped me like , 'It sounds great , but it 's really hard because you want to give everyone your attention , ' '' they said . `` You want to make sure that they feel comfortable and welcome and they want to get to know you , so you 're just trying to remember what you should say , or not say . So , it 's hard , and they were n't kidding . ''
`` The Bachelor '' premieres at 8 p.m . ET on ABC , tonight .
WASHINGTON — The White House says the United States “ condemns the violence and repression propagated by the Government of Nicaragua . ”
Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders says in statement that the administration “ joins the international community in calls for broad-based dialogue and support for the people of Nicaragua , who yearn for the political freedom of expression and true democratic reforms they so richly deserve . ”
Nicaragua has been rocked by a week of protests in which over two dozen people have been killed . The protests were triggered by tax hikes and benefit cuts meant to shore up the ailing social security system .
On Sunday , President Daniel Ortega said the government would withdraw the pension changes . But they rejected demands to free detained protesters , withdraw the police and lift some censorship .
ANN ARBOR , Mich. ( AP ) - The University of Michigan and the city of Detroit are working on a joint effort to boost economic mobility and break the cycle of poverty in the city .
The school says Monday that under a four-year agreement it will provide up to $ 500,000 in resources a year to support partnerships that pair university experts with city leaders . Part of the funding will create a new position of assistant director of economic mobility .
It is part of Poverty Solutions , the Ann Arbor school 's initiative dedicated to the prevention and alleviation of poverty .
Those involved say top priorities include removing barriers to employment for city residents , including transportation ; leveraging university resources to enhance Detroit initiatives ; and providing research and analysis to build on existing programs and pilot new ones .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - A federal judge in Philadelphia heard arguments Wednesday in the NFL 's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $ 1 billion concussion settlement .
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys , doctors and former players .
Plaintiffs ' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough , and at least two of the attorneys Wednesday said the investigator is unnecessary .
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays .
The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power and the ability to compel testimony to determine whether more punitive actions are necessary upon fraud findings .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
COLUMBIA , S.C. — The parent company of South Carolina Electric & Gas Co. is offering the site of a failed nuclear reactor project to the state-owned utility Santee Cooper .
SCANA has proposed giving the Fairfield County site to Santee Cooper so the project could be preserved and perhaps finished at some point in the future , The State newspaper reported .
SCE & G and Santee Cooper abandoned their joint effort July 31 after spending more than $ 9 billion , both blaming the failure on the bankruptcy by principal contractor Westinghouse . SCE & G customers have been charged nearly $ 2 billion toward interest on the company 's debt , via a series of rate hikes since 2009 , without any power being generated .
That amounts to about $ 27 per month for each ratepayer , charges that continue despite the project 's failure . SCE & G has proposed reducing that cost by about $ 5 a month , but that would have to be approved by state regulators .
SCANA 's proposal was contained in a Dec. 4 letter obtained by the newspaper .
The newspaper reported in Sunday 's edition that choosing not to preserve the site is part of SCANA 's strategy to show the Internal Revenue Service it has abandoned the effort and deserves a $ 2 billion tax write-off .
SCANA could decide later this week to surrender the federal license for the project . Giving up the operating license would be another way to show the utility should be eligible for the tax write-off .
Getting the tax write-off would help pay down the nearly $ 5 billion in construction costs that SCANA has paid for the project .
SCANA owns 55 per cent of the project and Santee Cooper owns 45 per cent . The two utilities operate an existing reactor at the site that was completed more than 30 years ago . That operation is not affected by the discussions about how to handle the failed expansion project .
Santee Cooper already owes about $ 4 billion for the failed project .
The state-owned utility said it does n't know how much it would cost to protect valuable components for the abandoned Units 2 and 3 , hire security staff and pay workers to occasionally operate machinery that might otherwise rust over .
An Auckland mortgage broker says the KiwiBuild income cap of $ 180K for households will give Māori families the opportunity to become homeowners , but more needs to be done for urban dwellers .
Tahei Simpson says Minister Twyford 's announcement of the KiwiBuild criteria has been hit and miss .
“ For Māori who tend to collectivise anyway to put their KiwiSaver funds together for the deposit and also combine income for servicing , this is going to go a long way towards helping Māori to get into homes , ” said Simpson .
“ I 'm working hard with Minister Mahuta on this , ” said Housing and Urban Development Minister Phil Twyford .
“ I believe that the way we will ensure that whānau Māori get their fair share of the opportunities from Kiwibuild is through the shared equity programme . ”
Those who qualify :
must be first-home buyers or 'second chancers ' ;
a New Zealand citizen or permanent resident ;
own and live in home for three years ;
have an income below $ 120,000 for sole purchasers and $ 180,000 for a household .
“ One of the problems with the Kiwibuild criteria and also the Kiwisaver criteria is currently you can not withdraw that Kiwisaver to purchase a home back home , ” said Simpson .
Simpson says for many urban dwellers the regions they hail from is home .
“ Even though we spend 50 weeks of the year in Auckland and only two weeks back there , that is our whenua tuku iho and that is where we say our primary place of residence is , but the bank does n't see it that way at the moment , and I would like to see that change to recognise that by allowing Kiwi 's and especially Māori to use their Kiwisaver to buy back home . ”
Potential buyers can register on the KiwiBuild website .
The scheme is expected to deliver 1000 KiwiBuild homes will by July next year and up to 10,000 in three years .
Entertainment of Monday , 2 January 2017
Source : Graphic.com.gh
2017-01-02
Asamoah Gyan
Black Stars skipper Asamoah Gyan will be headed for more serious business later this month in Gabon when they attempt to end Ghana 's 34-year wait for a senior trophy in football when they lead their teammates into battle at the AFCON 2017 .
But for now , the Stars skipper who is on holidays before joining their teammates for the pre-AFCON camp in the United Arab Emirates has taken to Instagram show-off their skills as a rapper .
Gyan , whose first attempt at music was a rap verse on a hit song with close pal Castro titled African Girls , in this video raps almost seamlessly to Reggie Rockstone 's iconic hit song – Keep Your Eyes on the Road .
Gyan was also featured on another hit by Castro titled Odo Pa , they also own a musical troupe christened the ASA Band .
Watch Gyan rap along to Reggie Rockstone 's Keep your eyes on the road below ;
Music of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : Myjoyonline.com
2017-10-06
Steve Crown ( Left ) and Preye Odede ( Right ) in the studios of Joy FM
Preye , popular Nigerian gospel artiste is super excited about the 2017 edition Adom Praiz which comes off Friday evening at the Perez Chapel .
They made their comments Thursday , on Joy FM 's Drive Time with Host Lexis Bill , shortly after they touched down in the country .
Preye recounted the story about how they started from “ zero to hero ” where they had to struggle from a polygamous home and to a pepper grinder in the market and then to lodging in a church where they later made their breakthrough .
Steve Crown , fellow Nigerian gospel star who co-starred on the Drive Time backed their compatriot by saying “ I just ca n't wait ”
Steve Crown urged listeners to “ come and take away the presence of God ” .
Preye rounded up by inviting all fans and the public “ to come and let 's do this ; I want to have your pictures on my phone , ” they said .
The annual Adom Praiz concert , powered by Adom 106.3FM , has over the years seen some of the world 's biggest music acts give off electrifying performances that have left lasting memories on patrons .
This year 's event features Joe Mettle , VGMA artist eof the year , Francis Adjei , Celestine Donkor , Denzel Prempeh as wellas Preye Odede and Steve Crown from Nigeria among many others .
Tickets are available at the front desk of Joy Fm for a cool GH ? 50 . Please note , ticketing starts 5pm and the gate opens from 6pm .
These companies and more are hiring in the Gympie region .
These companies and more are hiring in the Gympie region . Contributed
* * PLEASE NOTE : These jobs have been advertised in the past seven days and were listed as open at the time of publication .
GYMPIE
1 . Casual retail assistant , Lowes
We are seeking enthusiastic individuals who have had previous experience in retail or hospitality .
You will be flexible to work weekdays , weekends and late night trading , be highly motivated with initiative and looking for career progression . You will need to be passionate about providing outstanding customer service to our valued customers and posses an honest down to earth sense of humour .
APPLY HERE
2 . Casual retail assistant , Spendless Shoes
Indulge in your passion for fashion !
Join Australia 's most successful footwear retailer
Approx . 6-9 hrs . per week , including weekends
Fun , fast paced and diverse role !
Staff discount available
This is a great opportunity for a results-orientated and `` hands-on '' person looking to join a fast-growing company .
APPLY HERE
3 . Phone Book Distribution , Gympie
Between $ 0.30c to $ 0.45c per book delivered
We are looking for Community Groups and teams of 2 or more to participate in phone book distribution .
This is a great way to earn money whilst exploring and staying fit . All that it takes is a vehicle ( must have own vehicle ) , a current drivers licence and working rights within Australia !
APPLY HERE
Earn money by distributing phone books . Kevin Farmer
4 . Bagging Operator , large food manufacturer , Gympie
This role would suit a focused individual who is ready to roll up their sleeves and be willing to work hard .
This is a casual position , offering up to 38 hours per week on day shift . The roster is subject to change in accordance to seasonal demand , you must also be available to work evening shifts when needed . Regular communication must be maintained with the Manager regarding rosters .
APPLY HERE
5 . Junior employee with cattle showing experience
Junior employee with cattle showing experience required by Kandanga Valley Charolais and Charbray Stud for 3-4 weeks work .
Immediate start and successful applicant will be part of a team at Beef 2018 in Rockhampton .
Board and lodgings included .
APPLY HERE
6 . Mature Tiling apprentice/labourer , Gympie
I am currently looking for mature tiling apprentice/ labourer from Sunshine Coast , Noosa & Gympie area .
Must be local with some experience in tiling with own tools , vehicle and ABN .
With can do and motivated attitude welcomed . Please text by gumtree with brief introduction of yourself and leave contact number .
APPLY HERE
7 . MR Driver/ Experienced Offsider , Furniture Removals
Gympie
We are looking for an Offsider / Truck Driver with an enthusiastic and optimistic attitude to join our growing friendly team in a casual position with Gympie Removals . You will require good communication skills and must be well presented as you will be representing our business and dealing with valued customers on a daily basis .
APPLY HERE
Hiring now Contributed
8 . Wait staff and kitchen hand , Gympie
Looking wait staff and kitchen hand in Indian Restaurant Gympie .
APPLY HERE
9 . Night Receptionist , Gympie
Gympie RSL club is searching for our newest customer service superstar !
Handling night Reception and coming into our busier season , our newest team member will have previous experience in a reception role , attention to detail , excellent phone and service manner , and ability to prioritise and work autonomously .
APPLY HERE
10 . Forestry Labourer , Gympie
I have two forestry labouring positions available .
I would prefer experienced workers however would consider a suitable local person . Tasks include tree planting , pruning , brush cutting , fire activities .
Work is located at various locations in the Mary Valley area . Budget accommodation available .
APPLY HERE
11 . Casual Warehouse Assistant
Casual/Vacation job , Gympie
Looking for an enthusiastic warehouse assistant who would thrive under pressure to get orders picked and despatched in very short time frames .
Casual Role Monday - Friday ( no weekends )
Immediate Start
APPLY HERE
12 . Customer service officer , Gympie Regional Council , multiple positions
Remuneration : Casual hourly rate commencing at $ 39.49 plus superannuation
Council currently has multiple casual vacancies within our Customer Contact Section .
Our customer contact section is responsible for providing support to Council by providing high quality and professional customer service experiences through answering inbound customer enquiries and providing exceptional customer service to both internal and external customers .
APPLY HERE
13 . Information Technology Officer , Complete Staff Solutions
Contract/Temp job , Gympie
Experienced Information Technology Officer required for government client in Gympie region earning $ 25 - $ 29.99 per hour .
APPLY HERE
14 . Registered Nurses , HealtheCare Australia
Part Time job , Gympie
Friendly supportive work environment
Experienced Registered Nurses for Acute Medical/Surgical Ward
APPLY HERE
15 . After school carer , St Patrick 's Primary School
Casual/Vacation job , Gympie
St Patrick 's OSHC is a 30 place service & is an integral part of the school & parish community providing after school & vacation care .
Help support and enrich the lives of children and families
Work with a professional not-for-profit provider
Opportunities for personal and professional development
APPLY HERE
16 . Labourer ( Parks and Gardens ) , Complete Staff Solutions
Contract/Temp job , Gympie
Experienced Parks and Gardens Labourer required for government client in Gympie region
$ 25 - $ 29.99 per hour
APPLY HERE
17 . Qualified Hairdresser , Hair By Hampton
Full Time job , Gympie
Are you a passionate and talented senior stylist ? We have a fantastic opportunity for you to grow your career within our amazing boutique salon .
APPLY HERE
18 . Administration & Reception , Real estate agency
Full Time job , Gympie
We have an integral position available within our dynamic team , pivoting between working with our clients , sales team and management .
$ 52,000 - $ 75,000
Modern office environment equipped with leading edge technology
Values based culture focused on personal and professional development
Remuneration package will be reflective of your experience
APPLY HERE
These companies are looking for employees in Gympie . Contributed
19 . New Car Sales Consultant , Madills Gympie
Full Time job , Gympie
We currently have an opportunity for a self motivated , professional , full-time Sales Consultant in our Gympie dealership .
APPLY HERE
20 . RN 's for Community shifts , RNS Nursing
Casual/Vacation job , Gympie
RNS Nursing is one of Australia 's leading nursing agencies - join us to work the shifts that you want to work .
You Take Control
You Choose Your Shifts
You Decide
APPLY HERE
21 . Assistants in Nursing/Personal Carers , RNS Nursing
Casual/Vacation job , Gympie
RNS Nursing is one of Australia 's leading nursing agencies - join us to work the shifts that you want to work .
You Take Control
You Choose Your Shifts
You Decide
APPLY HERE
22 . Registered Nurse , Grevillea Gardens Aged Care Facility
Part time , Permanent , Gympie
Your role will provide holistic care to our clients that will enhance and promote their quality of life .
This includes assessment , medication , wound and continence management , catheter care , palliative care and consulting with internal and external services to provide clinical solutions . You will also provide leadership and support to our team .
APPLY HERE
23 . Mystery Shopper , Gympie
We are a Mystery Shopping company based in Melbourne and looking for new shoppers around Australia to join our team in Gympie .
What is it ? Mystery Shopping involves going into a store and reporting the details of the shopping experience . We provide guidelines and a survey advising what to enquire about ( or purchase if required ) and what to assess . Mystery Shoppers check out the service , products and cleanliness of the store and then submit the results online via an online survey .
APPLY : Visit www.therealisegroup.com.au and click `` Join Our Team ” .
24 . Massage Therapist , Blissima Bodyworks
Blissima Bodyworks is a new and exciting Health Hub for the Greater Gympie region . Located in the heart of Mary St Gympie , we celebrated our Grand Opening just last month - since this time our customer base is taking off rapidly .
We are looking for a Massage Therapist to be available 9- 5 Tuesday to Saturday . You do not need to have formal qualifications in massage but you must have a natural know-how for massage , and a willingness and a passion to be trained to learn to be among the best .
APPLY HERE
25 . Senior Officer , Gympie Regional Council
RMPC and Projects ( Term 12 months )
An exciting opportunity exists for an enthusiastic and experienced professional to join our Road Maintenance Performance Contracts ( RMPC ) Team within the Infrastructure Services Directorate .
This role is required to provide technical advice and assistance in relation to RMPC and professional contract administration and project support .
APPLY HERE
26 . Senior Planning Engineer , Gympie Regional Council
( READVERTISED POSITION )
This role is ideal for an experienced qualified Engineer who thrives in an innovative and challenging environment . Your experience in the water industry within a planning environment will assist you in bringing our visions to light .
Your focus will be to ensure that planning projects match the Water Business Unit 's Strategic priorities and programs . Your excellent report writing skills and attention to detail will be invaluable , as you partner with other areas of the business to influence outcomes and provide advice and guidance .
APPLY HERE
Gympie Radiology . Jason Smith Photography
27 . Sonographer , Gympie Radiology
An exciting opportunity exists for an experienced , highly organised professional . Work in an exciting new facility , independently owned offering a complete range of imaging services .
APPLY HERE
28 . Nanny , Gympie
I am searching for the perfect nanny to take care of two children . Experience and references are a plus . Please send me a message to discuss this job further .
APPLY HERE
IMBIL
29 . Ginger picker and packer , Imbil
We require one ginger picker and one ginger packer in Imbil .
Work will commence immediately and is expected to last up to 7 months . Accommodation and Transport required .
APPLY : Contact the National Harvest Labour Information Service on 1800 062 332 .
TIN CAN BAY
30 . Tree planting , Tin Can Bay
Silviculture Solutions Australia , Is seeking extremely fit and motivated individuals to join there tree planting team .
The season commences on the April and runs through until August . We will be working from 3 different locations Tin Can bay QLD , Mid North Coast NSW , Myrtleford Vic .
Transport will be provided to each location .
APPLY HERE
31 . General Practitioner
We are a GP owned Practice . We have two clinics , our main one located in Tin Can Bay , the second located in Rainbow Beach .
We currently have over 7,000 patients that we care for and are looking for a General Practitioner to join our team to help assist our community in providing the level of care they deserve .
APPLY HERE
Epic Ocean Adventures is hiring . Contributed
RAINBOW BEACH
32 . Surf Shop / Bookings Assistant , Rainbow Beach
Our Epic sales/bookings team is currently looking for an awesome new team member to add to our company !
We 're an outdoors tour operator based in Rainbow Beach , specializing in 4WD kayak and surf adventures to our remote paradise Double Island Point .
We 're all about the ocean , wildlife and adventuring and love sharing our passion with our large variety of customers .
APPLY HERE
COOROY
33 . Customer Service Officer , Bendigo and Adelaide Bank
Part time , Cooroy
Career progression , extensive training , staff discounts and more !
Customer conversations , transactions and cross-selling products
Socially , ethically and community-orientated banking
APPLY HERE
34 . Supply Chain Officer , James Hardie
Full time , Cooroy
We are seeking a hands-on and driven Supply Chain Officer to join our team at James Hardie Systems , Cooroy .
The primary purpose of this role is to drive James Hardie Systems competitive position by ensuring safety , efficiency and reliability in providing services to customers , both internally and externally .
Our goal is to enhance our customer experience and to focus on delivering a leading permanent form work system across the Australian market .
APPLY HERE
35 . Bookkeeper , Cooroy Engineering
Full time , Cooroy
Busy , family owned general engineering business requires a full time person very experienced in MYOB .
Reporting directly to the owners/director , the duties include :
accounts payable/receivable
payroll/superannuation
bank reconciliations
APPLY HERE
36 . Draftsperson , Cooroy Engineering
Full time , Cooroy
Cooroy Engineering specialises in structural engineering and metalwork . This longstanding family run business has workshops in Cooroy and Caloundra .
This is a varied role which includes drafting , onsite measuring , client liason , project management and liason with workshop staff .
APPLY HERE
SEXTON
37 . Qualified Arborist
Full time , Sexton
A tree company based west of Gympie is looking for a suitably qualified arborist .
To be successful in this role you will need to be highly motivated , able to work well as a team member , and follow instruction and direction from Supervisor .
A minimum Certificate III in Arboriculture or equivalent qualification is a must .
APPLY HERE
Kenilworth Dairies LEEROY TODD
KENILWORTH
38 . Merchandiser , Kenilworth Dairies
Full time , Kenilworth
WE are the makers of cheese , yoghurt , mousse and ice-cream . We have a great team with 40+ staff and retail our products in all major retailers and independent stores across Australia .
You will need to be able to make bookings and forward plan , use social media - location of tasting and work closely with Management of the Majors & Independents retail stores
APPLY HERE
FRASER ISLAND
39 . Weddings and Events Coordinator , Kingfisher Bay Resort
Full time job , Fraser Island
We are seeking an experienced Wedding and Events Coordinator . Resort . Fraser Island . Relocation . Conference , Management
APPLY HERE
Witnesses at a baseball field in Alexandria , Virginia say a gunman opened fire on members of Congress and their staffers , hitting several people including at least one member of congress .
The shooting happened as Republican members of Congress were getting ready for the annual Congressional Baseball Game , which was scheduled for Thursday in Washington .
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( R-LA ) was among those shot on Wednesday morning . They were reportedly shot in the hip and is expected to recover .
`` Scalise hit . Other staffers hit , '' Fox News reporter Chad Pergram tweeted on Wednesday just before 8 a.m. Eastern .
At least five people were taken to hospitals from the incident , according to Alexandria Police Chief Michael Brown .
The shooter is in police custody , according to CNN . They were taken to a hospital after the shooting .
After the incident was reported , Rep. Mo Brooks ( R-AL ) , who was there when the shooting happened , told CNN `` there must have been 50 to 100 shots fired . ''
Brooks also said the shooter shot two officers working protective detail for the Congress members at the event .
They told CNN the shooter looked like a `` white male ... middle aged ... a little on the chubby side . ''
Sen. Jeff Flake ( R-AZ ) told the Associated Press that the gunman had `` a rifle of some sort ... a lot of ammo . ''
Alabama talk radio host Matt Murphy tweeted that they spoke with Brooks as well , saying the member of congress said `` five or more '' people were hit .
Sen. Rand Paul ( R-KY ) told MSNBC they saw shots hitting the ground near where people had dropped for cover on the baseball diamond . Paul told the network that Capitol Police officers saved many lives .
At about 8:30 a.m. , President Donald Trump released a statement on the shooting , saying they and Vice President Mike Pence `` are deeply saddened by this tragedy . ''
`` Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress , their staffs , Capitol Police , first responders , and all others affected , '' Trump said .
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana , a true friend and patriot , was badly injured but will fully recover . Our thoughts and prayers are with him . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 14 , 2017
Rep. Glenn Grothman ( R-WI ) told Wisconsin 's WTMJ that they believed the shooting `` could have been much worse '' if Scalise had not been there , due to the security detail that protects him . Grothman said security would not typically follow a member of Congress to an event like this but because of Scalise 's position as House majority whip , they had a detail with him .
The incident happened at a baseball field in Alexandria , Virginia .
The Congressional Baseball Game has been a tradition since 1909 , being played between members of the U.S. House and Senate . Proceeds from the game benefit several charities .
Democrats were scheduled to practice later on Wednesday but that was canceled after the shooting .
Clint Davis covers entertainment and trending news topics for the Scripps National Desk . Follow them on Twitter @ MrClintDavis .
Panthers a basket better than Shockers
Northern Iowa defeats Wichita State by two points .
Manny De Los Santos Junior forward Rangie Bessard drives past a UNI defender in the fourth quarter Sunday afternoon as the Shockers lose in the final minutes against Northern Iowa 63-61 at Charles Koch Arena .
Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like .
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
Tied at 49 going into the fourth quarter , everything came down to the last ten minutes for Wichita State and the University of Northern Iowa .
At the end of a neck-and-neck battle , a three-minute dry spell put WSU 's offense a basket behind — the end result as UNI won 64-62 .
“ It 's understanding how to win and how to compete against great teams in this league . [ UNI ] does it well on both sides of the ball , they stick with their philosophy , ” head coach Jody Adams-Birch said .
The Shockers took an early lead and held the lead a majority of the first three quarters .
Two UNI turnovers gave WSU a five-point lead at halftime .
Leading scorer , senior guard TaQuandra Mike kept WSU in the game with 20 points and seven steals — each season highs .
“ When I get steals or just play good defense , that 's what fires my offense up , ” Mike said . “ My coach tells me ‘ Do n't try to force your offense . Play defense and your offense will come . ' ”
Junior forward Rangie Bessard finished with a double-double , with 15 and 15 .
Adams-Birch said there are many lessons to be drawn from the two-point conference loss — their second loss through two conference games .
“ It 's an understanding of taking care of the ball , timing , knowing who you 're guarding , boxing out and just knowing the plays , ” Adams-Birch said . “ This team is still learning . ”
UNI is picked to finish second in the Missouri Valley .
“ One thing that I am really proud of is having competed against number one and number two , ” Adams-Birch said .
WSU ended 50 percent from the paint , while UNI shot 45.7 percent .
The Shockers , still in search of their first conference win , will be on the road against Missouri State on Jan. 6 .
Jonathan 's Second Term Would Have Ruined Nigeria – Oshiomhole
By Tunde Oguntola ,
Former Edo State governor , Comrade Adams Oshiomhole , has said they withdrew their support for former President Goodluck Jonathan because they believed that a Jonathan second term would have ruined the country .
Recall that before the 2015 general election , Oshiomhole was the only South South governor in the opposition party and some expected that Oshiomhole 's hands might be tied by their geographical kinship with the former president .
Oshiomhole in the current edition of The Interview said , “ Competence that was expected was not there . The level of fairness was not there . And even if you talk about sentiments , the sentiment of servicing the geo-political zones , the South South had nothing to boast of . Even the road to Yenagoa did not show that a president came from there ! ”
They also said they referred to a private meeting where they advised , through Jonathan 's former Chief of Staff , Mike Oghiadomhe , that the former president should not contest after 2011 , but their advice was ignored .
“ I said , ” Oshiomhole recalled , “ let Jonathan complete Yar'Adua 's second term and hand over to a northerner… ”
Oshiomole was described by the MD/Editor-In-Chief , The Interview , Azu Ishiekwene , as “ perhaps one of the most exhaustive in the magazine 's nearly two-year history . ”
In the current edition Oshiomhole also spoke , for the first time , on why they accepted the N200m severance package approved for them by the Edo State House of Assembly .
“ I was never going to talk about it ( the severance package ) , ” they said , “ but I have to say it now so that you can understand where I 'm coming from . ”
The former labour leader then delved into their decades of service as a union leader “ without a kobo ” as severance benefit , the legal challenge they mounted to remove their predecessor and their legacy , among many other explosive subjects .
The edition also features an interview with the Chairman of ThisDay editorial board and author , Mr. Segun Adeniyi , who spoke on their new book and their tenure as the spokesperson of former President Umaru Yar'Adua , especially in the final , turbulent days of that government .
The post Jonathan 's Second Term Would Have Ruined Nigeria – Oshiomhole appeared first on leadership.ng .
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By RACHEL ZOLL , ERIC TUCKER and SADIE GURMANAssociated Press
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - In an order that undercuts federal protections for LGBT people , Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a sweeping directive to agencies Friday to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated .
The guidance , an attempt to deliver on President Donald Trump 's pledge to their evangelical supporters that they would protect religious liberties , effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics are sincerely held .
Under the new policy , a claim of a violation of religious freedom would be enough to override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people , women and others . The guidelines are so sweeping that experts on religious liberty are calling them a legal powder-keg that could prompt wide-ranging lawsuits against the government .
`` This is putting the world on notice : You better take these claims seriously , '' said Robin Fretwell Wilson , a law professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . `` This is a signal to the rest of these agencies to rethink the protections they have put in place on sexual orientation and gender identity . ''
Trump announced plans for the directive last May in a Rose Garden ceremony where they were surrounded by religious leaders . Since then , religious conservatives have anxiously awaited the Justice Department guidance , hoping for greatly strengthened protections for their beliefs amid the rapid acceptance of LGBT rights . Religious liberty experts said they would have to see how the guidance would be applied by individual agencies , both in crafting regulations and deciding how to enforce them . But experts said the directive clearly tilted the balance very far in favor of people of faith who do not want to recognize same-sex marriage .
`` Except in the narrowest circumstances , no one should be forced to choose between living out their or their faith and complying with the law , '' Sessions wrote . `` To the greatest extent practicable and permitted by law , religious observance and practice should be reasonably accommodated in all government activity . ''
The document lays the groundwork for legal positions that the Trump administration intends to take in future religious freedom cases , envisioning sweeping protections for faith-based beliefs and practices in private workplaces , at government jobs and even in prisons .
In issuing the memo , Sessions , a deeply devout Methodist from Alabama , is injecting the department into a thicket of highly charged legal questions that have repeatedly reached the U.S. Supreme Court , most notably in the 2014 Hobby Lobby case that said corporations with religious objections could opt out of a health law requirement to cover contraceptives for women .
The memo makes clear the Justice Department 's support of that opinion in noting that the primary religious freedom law - the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 - protects the rights not only of people to worship as they choose but also of corporations , companies and private firms .
The document also says the government improperly infringes on individuals ' religious liberty by banning an aspect of their practice or by forcing them to take an action that contradicts their faith . As an example , Justice Department lawyers say government efforts to require employers to provide contraceptives to their workers `` substantially burdens their religious practice . ''
The document also calls into question the Johnson Amendment , which bars churches and tax-exempt groups from endorsing political candidates . Trump in May signed an executive order aimed at weakening the enforcement of that law , which they have said penalizes people for protected religious belief .
The Justice Department , in the document , says the Internal Revenue Service may not enforce the Johnson Amendment `` against a religious non-profit organization under circumstances in which it would not enforce the amendment against a secular non-profit organization . ''
The department 's civil rights division will now be involved in reviewing all agency actions to make sure they do n't conflict with federal law regarding religious liberty .
___
Zoll reported from New York .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Massachusetts state police say they 've recovered a stolen car believed to have been used by a former Army reservist who was charged with stealing 16 guns from a U.S. Army Reserve Center and escaped from a Rhode Island detention center .
They say James Morales remains at large .
U.S. marshals say the Cambridge , Massachusetts , native scaled a building and climbed over razor wire and was reported missing Saturday night . They believe he 's wounded and bleeding from the razor wire .
Police say they believe Morales fled to Attleboro , Massachusetts , and stole the car . They found the car Sunday afternoon .
The FBI says Morales stole assault rifles and handguns from an armory in Worcester ( WUS'-tur ) , Massachusetts , in 2015 .
Morales also faces child rape charges .
Morales is black , bald , 6 feet tall and 175 pounds . He 's 35 and has brown eyes and an eagle neck tattoo .
Photo
To the Editor :
Re “ The Steeper Obstacles Faced by Women in Medicine ” ( The Upshot , Dec. 9 ) :
As a female professional ( an English professor ) , I sympathize with the doctors who are condescended to because they are women . But I am often addressed by my first name by male and female doctors who bristle when I do the same . Their office staff also addresses me by my first name .
I 'm almost 70 and have earned my professional stature . But even if I were much younger and without a professional title , I would expect to be addressed respectfully rather than with an asymmetrical condescension by Dr. X , who calls me Susan . I wonder how many of the female doctors who complain of lack of professional respect talk down to their patients this way ?
SUSAN WOLFSON , PRINCETON , N.J .
Entertainment of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : entertainmentgh.com
2017-10-06
Miss Cameroon – Sandra Minkata , Miss Guinea – Asmao Diallo , Miss Nigeria are in Ghana
More international queens have touched down in Ghana to witness the most prestigious beauty pageantry in Ghana , Miss Ghana 2017/Miss Ghana 60YearsOn event , which is happening tomorrow .
Following the arrival of Miss Hungary 2016 , Timea Gelencser , this Tuesday , other international queens from other countries are also in town for the memorable event .
They are ; Miss Cameroon – Sandra Minkata , Miss Guinea – Asmao Diallo , Miss Nigeria – Winfrey Okolo , Miss Gabon – Constant Abessolo and Miss Senegal – Aissatou Fall .
Miss Ghana 2017 Grand Finale , Charity Ball & Honorary Awards is this Saturday , October 7 , 2017 , at the Banquet Hall , State House .
Miss Ghana 2017/MissGhana60YearsOn is powered by Exclusive Event Gh . Ltd in collaboration with Ministry of Tourism , Arts & Culture and Ghana60YearsOn Planning Committee .
Miss Ghana 60 Years On event is sponsored by National Lottery Authority , Intercity STC , NIB , NPA , IPMC and supported by GOIL , FC Beauty Klinik , Akosombo Textile Limited , Ritel Ghana , DDP , Primus Water , Pippa 's Health Centre , Hungarian Trade & Cultural Center ( HTTC ) , Hungary Embassy , Nasco Electronics , Special Ice Water , Kare products , Akayet Hotel , Global Dream Hotel & Service Apartments , Tang Palace , Aqua Safari Resort , JIL , Ibis Style Hotel , Karen Products , Amazing U , Hottees , Pokuaa Accessories , Accents & Curve , Queens Touch Décor , Forever Easy , Limpex Impressions , Starbow Airline , Holiday Inn Hotel , Caesars Casino , Asantewaa Premier Guesthouse , Best Western Atlantic Hotel Takoradi , Skyplus Hotel Ho , Samit Hotel , Tyco Hotel , Royal Cozy Hotel , Busua Beach Resort , Eusbet Hotel , Eastgate Hotel , Grand Casamora , Raybow Hotel , Lizzy 's Sports Complex , Magnum Force Securities , High-end Production , Purple Room Lingerie , Palace Superstore , Yummie Noodles , La Chaumiere restaurant , Buka Restaurant , Koko King , La Galette , PadThai Restaurant , Regal Chinese Restaurant , Bush Canteen , Café Mundo , Gold Coast Restaurant , Jamrock restaurant , Flair catering and Pink Panda .
Telcos Express Worry over adverse Effects of Over the Top Technology
Emma Okonji
Over the Top Technology ( OTT ) , which is an evolving technology across globe , is adversely disrupting activities in the telecoms industry , as it continues to eat deep into the revenue strings of telecoms service providers .
Some of the licensed telecoms operators who spoke to THISDAY on the condition of anonymity , said although they were initially happy with the speed at which new technologies were evolving and disrupting the old practice and ways of doing things , but are very uncomfortable with the OTT technology that rides on the internet to offer free voice and data services to customers . These are the telcos said is cutting down on the number of subscribers who hitherto patronise licensed telecoms operators for voice and data services at stipulated service charges .
According to the licensed telecoms operators , the OTT players can afford to offer free voice and data services because they did not invest in telecoms infrastructure , since they deliver services over and above telecoms facilities , while riding on the internet .
They explained that licensed telecoms operators have spent several trillions of naira to build telecoms infrastructure since they were granted operational licenses by the Nigerian Communications Commission ( NCC ) in 2000 , 2003 and 2008 respectively and that they have continued to invest in network expansion in order to provide better service quality as their subscriber number grows .
They however expressed regret that the evolving technology called OTT is fast cutting down on their revenue generation , since the majority of subscribers prefer to send massages via WhatsApp , make WhatsApp calls and Skype calls , which are all free of charge , because the OTT service providers are not investing money in telecoms infrastructure .
“ We had initially resorted to draw the attention of the NCC , the telecoms industry regulator to apply regulatory measures and control on OTT service providers , but when we realised that it is an emerging global technology that can not be regulated in Nigeria alone , we decided to think of alternative source of generating revenue through data , in order to remain in business , ” the telecoms operators told THISDAY .
MTN Nigeria for instance , long foresaw the changing trend and embarked on a new mission where it consolidated in buying spectrum licences that will enable it offer data services to a variety of customers . After buying the 700MHz bands spectrum frequency from the National Broadcasting Commission ( NBC ) for N34 billion , which is a broadcast spectrum essentially for the provision of broadband wireless services , MTN went ahead to buy up Visafone to boost its data service offerings , before bidding for the 2.6GHz spectrum auction , where it emerged the only telecoms operator that won six slots out of the 14 available slots that were auctioned at a reserve price of $ 16 million per slot . Recently MTN Group opened up discussions of a possible buy over of Multichoice operations , but the talk has not been finalised .
Telecoms experts are of the view that MTN is already looking at alternative means of generating money and sustaining the MTN brand , in order to survive the negative disruption already created by the OTT service providers , whose activities can not be regulated .
The Executive Vice Chairman of NCC , Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta , while acknowledging the fears of traditional telecoms service providers that traditional telephony and Short Message Service ( SMS ) revenues are under threat from newer and Internet Protocol ( IP ) based alternatives , like WhatsApp , Skype , Viber , among others , noted that the commission would encourage network providers in Nigeria to innovate and explore more efficient business models that would enable them compete favourably with OTT service providers .
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Abidal , who represented LaLiga 's champion between 2007 and 2013 and is now the club 's technical secretary , underwent a transplant in 2012 after the discovery of a tumour on their liver .
Spanish press on Wednesday alleged that Rosell , who was arrested in 2017 as part of a money-laundering investigation , purchased the organ .
Barça rejected claims of any wrongdoing , while the allegations have also been denied by Abidal and the Hospital Clinic de Barcelona , where the former France international underwent the procedure .
`` In light of stories published in relation to the liver transplant received by the club 's former player and current technical secretary , Eric Abidal , FC Barcelona roundly deny any irregularity in the matter , as have Abidal and the Hospital Clinic de Barcelona facility , '' a statement from the club read .
`` The stories omit an important fact , as this case was closed by a Barcelona court on May 18th . This omission has caused damage to the reputation of Eric Abidal , all of the organisations involved in the transplant procedures , FC Barcelona and former club president Sandro Rosell .
`` The club are saddened by the lack of rigour in the spreading of such information about such a sensitive issue , and reaffirm our commitment to Eric Abidal and their foundation to help improve the lives of children and young people affected by similar medical treatments . ''
A Spanish court ruled that Rosell will stand trial on charges of money laundering , in relation to the sale of television rights for Brazil matches , for which they remain in custody .
Their lawyer , Pau Molins , rejected the claims relating to Abidal 's transplant , and questioned the timing of the latest allegations against their client .
Speaking to RAC , as reported by Marca , they said : `` It suits them to paint Sandro Rosell as a beast .
`` We do n't know anything about this report , but it annoys me that it is coming out one year after they have been imprisoned and as they wait for trial .
`` The conversation that has come out has absolutely nothing to do with the [ other ] case , '' Molins said .
`` I think they do n't want to go to trial so they are bringing out things to see how to buy time and how to hide , because they do n't know what to do with Rosell in prison . ''
Isentia has restructured its businesses ahead of announcing its financial results next week .
After announcing last week it would write down the value of its expensive King Content acquisition and roll it into the Isentia brand , the media intelligence company is now operating all its branches under the same name . In the same market announcement , Isentia said its revenue and earnings before interest tax depreciation and amortisation would both be less than previous guidance had indicated .
King Content was a disastrous acquisition for Isentia — it bought the business in 2015 to great fanfare , but it was reporting increasing losses until its value was written down to zero earlier this month . Its offices in Hong Kong and New York were shut , jobs were cut and assets rolled into Isentia .
Isentia CEO John Croll blamed King Content 's previous focus on short term contracts and market changes for the dramatic losses . They said that since the acquisition , a lot of brands had started their own content divisions , employing journalists to produce their own content .
Croll said due diligence had been done on King Content before Isentia bought it in 2015 , and it had been profitable at first , but changes in the industry had knocked it around — major clients were setting up their own content divisions and there was n't any integration between Isentia 's insights and data businesses .
“ People were going through a transition , like ANZ did , where they started employing their own journalists , and they did n't need us to build the content for them going forward . So there had been a lot of revenue in those clients that moved away quite quickly , ” they said . And that was the issue for us that became very short term revenue and campaign based instead of the strategy in building out the platform . ”
Croll said Isentia was now looking for longer-term contracts and strategies to use the insights side of the business with the content side .
“ The revenue growth might not be so spectacular , but the actual dependency on that revenue will be much more certain , ” they said .
Croll said King Content had been moving into video content , which was a congested market . “ We 've pulled it back to where we 're strong , ” they said . “ We want to be a data intelligence company . ”
It 's been a tough year for Isentia , which is still caught up in a legal battle with competitor Meltwater , which Isentia has accused of breaching its copyright and inducing Isentia clients to breach their contracts to give Meltwater access to Isentia accounts .
The matter is still before the courts — Isentia lost an application to get Meltwater to hand over an affidavit detailing all its Isentia accounts . Meltwater 's defence will need to be handed to the Federal Court by September 1 .
Croll said the events leading to the court action was a “ copyright mismatch ” and a “ difficulty ” , but there was now a level playing field between competitors in copyright agreements in the market .
To restructure shows a swivel back to Isentia 's original and core business — content . Croll said Isentia 's biggest asset was its access to content and data , and using those insights to work on content strategy with clients .
As part of to restructure , Isentia has also added a “ stories ” function to its media monitoring portal , which will pull together clusters of content from traditional media and social media , according to news trends , updated throughout the day .
Isentia will announce its end-of-year results next week .
Pop stars are invading the Golden Globes again this year with nominees such as Mariah Carey , Nick Jonas and Mary J. Blige , who is up for two awards .
Pop stars are invading the Golden Globes again this year with nominees such as Mariah Carey , Nick Jonas and Mary J. Blige , who is up for two awards .
( George Kraychyk/Hulu via AP ) . This image released by Hulu shows Elisabeth Moss as Offred in a scene from the critically acclaimed , `` The Handmaid 's Tale . ''
( Niko Tavernise/20th Century Fox via AP ) . In this image released by 20th Century Fox , Tom Hanks portrays Ben Bradlee , left , and Meryl Streep portrays Katharine Graham in a scene from `` The Post . ''
By JAKE COYLE
AP Film Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Guillermo del Toro 's Cold War-era fairytale `` The Shape of Water '' swam away with a leading seven Golden Globes nominations on Monday and the HBO drama `` Big Little Lies '' came away with six nods . But nobody made landing a Globe nomination look easier than Christopher Plummer .
Just two weeks after shooting their scenes in Ridley Scott 's `` All the Money in the World , '' Plummer was nominated for best supporting actor - a nod that was once considered a possibility for the actor they replaced , Kevin Spacey . An unfinished version of the film was screened last week for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , which puts on the Globes .
`` They pulled off a miraculous feat over the last month and I 'm delighted to have been a part of this unique experience , '' Plummer said in a statement .
The nomination for Plummer - which was joined by nods for Scott 's directing and Michelle Williams as best actor - was just the latest , and most last-minute , twist in an awards season that has been rocked by the industry 's continuing sexual harassment scandals . Even Monday 's nominations , announced from Beverly Hills , California , were , as is customary , carried live on the `` Today '' show , which recently fired Matt Lauer after allegations of sexual misconduct .
As the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood 's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape , the Globes seemed eager to turn the page not just in its love for `` All the Money in the World '' but by shunning previous favorites like `` House of Cards '' and `` Transparent . '' The latter remains in limbo following sexual harassment allegations against star Jeffrey Tambor , charges that they have denied .
Instead , the Globes lavished nominations on some tried-and-true favorites - Meryl Streep scored their 31st Globe nod - and some new faces , like the 21-year-old breakthrough of `` Call Me By Your Name , '' Timothee Chalamet .
In what 's has been a wide-open Oscar race so far , several films followed closely behind `` The Shape of Water , '' including Steven Spielberg 's Pentagon Papers drama `` The Post , '' with six nominations , including the best actor for Streep and best actor for Tom Hanks . Martin McDonagh 's revenge drama `` Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri '' also got a major boost in the nominations announced Monday in Beverly Hills , California , with six nods , including the best actor for Frances McDormand and supporting actor for Sam Rockwell .
Along with `` The Shape of Water , '' `` Three Billboards '' and `` The Post , '' the nominees for best drama were the tender young romance `` Call Me By Your Name '' ( which also landed a nod for Armie Hammer ) and Christopher Nolan 's World War II epic `` Dunkirk . ''
But setting itself apart from the pack was the monster fable `` The Shape of Water , '' which stars Sally Hawkins as a mute cleaning woman who falls in love with a captive amphibious creature . No film was more widely celebrated by the press association , including nods for del Toro 's directing and Alexandre Desplat 's sumptuous score .
`` We are really in need of believing in something other than the headlines and the skepticism and the cynicism that we 're getting so used to reading in every arena , politically in terms of fearing the other , not being able to believe in love or hope , '' said del Toro . `` It 's beautiful to be able to do it , to believe in it by disarming that skepticism with the words 'Once upon a time . ' ''
The best picture comedy or musical category was led by a handful of Oscar favorites - Greta Gerwig 's mother-daughter tale `` Lady Bird , '' Jordan Peele 's horror sensation `` Get Out '' - as well as several wildcards : James Franco 's comedy `` The Disaster Artist , '' about the making of `` The Room '' ; the upcoming musical `` The Greatest Showman '' ; and the Tonya Harding comic-drama `` I , Tonya . '' The stars of all five , including Margot Robbie ( `` I , Tonya '' ) and Franco , also landed acting nominations .
Despite considerable backlash , `` Get Out '' ended up on the comedy side of the Globes after being submitted that way by Universal Pictures . ( The HFPA ultimately decides genre classification . ) Peele themselves slyly commented on the controversy , calling their social critique of latent racism `` a documentary . '' The Globes passed over Peele 's script , but newcomer Daniel Kaluuya was nominated for best actor in a comedy .
Though some predicted and feared an acting field lacking diversity , the nominees were fairly inclusive . Among the 30 film acting nominees were Denzel Washington ( `` Roman J. Israel , Esq . `` ) , Mary J. Blige ( `` Mudbound '' ) , Hong Chau ( `` Downsizing '' ) and Octavia Spencer ( `` The Shape of Water '' ) .
But if the Globes hoped to present a group of nominations that looked beyond the likes of Weinstein - so long a dominant force at its annual awards - they failed in one notable category . As the press association and the Academy Awards have historically done , it nominated five men for best director .
Many have hoped for a different story in a year where a parade of sexual harassment scandals has laid bare Hollywood 's gender imbalances . But contenders like Gerwig ( whose film garnered four nominations , including nods for star Saoirse Ronan , supporting actor Laurie Metcalf and Gerwig 's screenplay ) , Patty Jenkins ( `` Wonder Woman '' ) and Dee Rees ( `` Mudbound '' ) were overlooked for a group of Spielberg , del Toro , Nolan , McDonagh and Scott .
`` I 'm so heartened by the group of women and what great work they 've been doing and being able to talk to them and being in the conversation , '' Gerwig said Monday when asked about being passed over . `` The feeling is : It 's about making it so the next generation of female filmmakers , it 's easier to get their work made and their voices heard and to be in positions of power . ''
Apart from the success of `` All the Money in the World , '' the morning 's biggest surprise was the complete omission of the romantic comedy `` The Big Sick , '' penned by real-life couple Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon . Another Oscar underdog , `` The Florida Project , '' emerged with only one nomination , for Willem Dafoe 's supporting performance as the manager of a low-rent motel .
In the television categories , the Emmy-winning `` Big Little Lies '' earned a host of acting nods ( Nicole Kidman , Reese Witherspoon , Shailene Woodley , Alexander Skarsgard , Laura Dern ) as well as best limited series . HBO , which recently announced a second season for `` Big Little Lies , '' LED TV networks with 12 nominations overall ; Netflix followed with nine nods .
FX 's Bette Davis and Joan Crawford chronicle `` Feud : Bette and Joan '' landed four nominations , including nods for Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon . Amazon 's just-debuted `` The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel '' scored two nods , including the best comedy series . Also with multiple nominations were Netflix 's `` Stranger Things , '' Hulu 's `` The Handmaid 's Tale '' and NBC 's `` This Is Us . '' HBO 's `` Game of Thrones '' received a nod for best drama series , but nothing for its cast .
Geoffrey Rush was nominated for best performance by a lead actor in a limited series or TV movie for their Albert Einstein in Nat Geo 's `` Genius . '' Rush on Friday filed a defamation suit against the Daily Telegraph for a since-deleted report that the Sydney Theatre Company received a complaint of `` inappropriate behavior '' by the actor .
The Globes have n't traditionally predicted the Oscars , but they did last January . The Globes two best-picture winners - `` Moonlight '' and `` La La Land '' - both ultimately ended up on the stage for the final award of the Oscars , with `` Moonlight '' emerging victorious only after the infamous envelope flub . The press association , which has worked in recent years to curtail its reputation for odd choices , is composed of about 90 freelance international journalists .
The last Globes broadcast , hosted by Jimmy Fallon , averaged 20 million viewers , an upswing of 8 percent , according to Nielsen . This year , Seth Meyers , will host the January 7 ceremony . They will have their hands full trying to keep a famously frothy show light amid such dark scandals for the movie industry .
Last year 's Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement honoree , Streep , spoke forcefully against then President-elect Donald Trump , shortly before their inauguration . Trump the next day criticized the actor as `` overrated . '' This year , Streep - along with Spielberg and Hanks - will return with a pointed and timely drama about the power of the press to counter lies emanating from the White House .
Streep said in a statement : `` I 'm thrilled for the movie , for Steven and Tom , and for the incredible ensemble of actors who made this movie need its moment in history . ''
___
Associated Press ' Lindsey Bahr , Sandy Cohen and Ryan Pearson contributed to this report from Los Angeles .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Nahdia Baker was facing over a dozen charges — and on most of those — the jury said they were not guilty .
A new promo spotlighting the January 2017 drama on EastEnders sees Jack Branning left heartbroken following the death of new wife Ronnie Mitchell .
As fans of the BBC1 soap know , both Ronnie and their sister Roxy drowned in shock scenes broadcast last night - and now a rapid-fire trailer gives us a glimpse of what to expect in upcoming episodes .
As well as a mortified Jack , we also have a pensive Phil , Mick scowling in the wake of Lee 's recent admission , plus the arrival of a new character : Ada Emerald Fox , the mother of Kim and Denise . Doña Croll - best known for playing Pearl McHugh in Family Affairs and Vera Corrigan in Doctors - will make their debut later this month .
Watch the drama below .
Last week , 15 percent of the Great Lakes was covered in ice . That 's the highest level of ice cover recorded so far this winter and far less than the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's 64 percent prediction .
A lack of ice could have lasting implications for this year and beyond .
What it could mean for Lake Erie
This year is shaping up to be one of the lowest years for ice coverage on the Great Lakes in 44 years . That 's when NOAA started tracking ice cover in the region .
NOAA scientist George Leshkevich says a mild winter can be a factor in the algae blooms that threaten the waters of western Lake Erie .
`` Depending on the summer – if it 's a normal summer or if it 's cool and cloudy , surface temperatures can reach a point where those blooms can start perhaps earlier in the season , '' explained Leshkevich .
But there are other factors involved as well , including rainfall and phosphorus levels .
Ice also protects wetlands and the Great Lakes shoreline from erosion . Leshkevich says the problem extends beyond the environment as well .
`` Recreational activities , fish recruitment and even some of the fruit belts could be affected , '' said Leshkevich . A lake free of ice also means more lake-effect snow .
Great Lakes Today is a collaboration of WBFO Buffalo , ideastream Cleveland , and WXXI Rochester .
Burnley Manager Sean Dyche Ca n't Stop Coaches From Showing Public Interest About Their Players
Burnley boss Sean Dyche admits they are powerless to stop rival managers speaking publicly about their players .
Everton have revealed that Clarets defender Michael Keane is a transfer target this summer with Ronald Koeman declaring the 24-year-old has a “ great future ” .
The Burnley manager says they do not believe it 's right to speak about other club 's players but concedes they can do little about it .
“ I 've had it with many players and it 's a balance in the sense it 's a compliment in the sense that people think there must be life at Burnley so they think let 's go and have a look and when they do look they think there are some really good players there and then there is that edge of worry that eventually when someone comes in , who are way more powerful than us financially and start pushing the boundaries , ” Dyche said .
“ But it 's not something that 's new to me . ”
The post Burnley Manager Sean Dyche Ca n't Stop Coaches From Showing Public Interest About Their Players appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A sailor was arrested in Illinois on Tuesday on charges they stole 20 hand grenades from a San Diego-based Navy destroyer , authorities said .
Gunner 's Mate 2nd Class Aaron Booker , 31 , of Waukegan , Illinois , was taken into custody in Great Lakes by U.S. Navy criminal investigators and was expected to be returned to California . It was unclear whether they had an attorney .
Booker stole the concussion grenades — each of which contained about a half-pound ( 226 grams ) of TNT — while they were assigned to the Weapons Department aboard the USS Pinckney , prosecutors said . Booker 's job was to check the temperature of the secured locker where the grenades were kept .
The grenades were discovered missing from their storage crates in February 2017 . They left the ship about a week later to drive to their new duty station in Great Lakes .
About two months later , a black military backpack containing 18 grenades was found leaning on a guardrail on the side of Interstate 15 in northwest Arizona , officials said . The words `` GM2 BOOKER '' were written on a tag inside the backpack , prosecutors said .
Booker told investigators that they had driven that road but said the backpack had been stolen from them and denied taking the grenades , according to a criminal complaint . Authorities continue to search for the two missing grenades , which Booker indicated to investigators might have wound up in Mexico , the complaint said .
It was unclear why the grenades were stolen or what the thief intended to do with them .
`` A backpack full of grenades on the side of the road is obviously extremely dangerous and could have had resulted in injuries or death , '' U.S. Attorney Adam L. Braverman said in a statement . `` The theft of explosives is a very serious offense , particularly if it is carried out by an insider with access to military weapons and secrets . ''
If convicted of possessing stolen explosives , Booker could face up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - A man arrested in Texas for a Louisville shooting is back in Jefferson County .
> > PREVIOUS STORY : Man arrested in Texas for murder of 2 Louisville men near Bowman Field
Aaron Hernandez , 23 , was booked into the Louisville Metro Detention Center Friday evening . Hernandez is accused of shooting Joshua Rice , 30 , and David Kandelaki , 31 , in an apartment on Abigail Drive on January 18 .
Hernandez has been charged with two counts of murder , burglary and tampering with physical evidence .
Louisville Metro Police detectives said Hernandez was arrested in Fayette County , Texas a few days after the shooting .
Hernandez is being held on a one million dollar bond .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
A man was found seriously injured in the street after being stabbed in a flat in Leeds .
Police were called shortly before 8.15pm on Sunday when the injured man was found in Harehills Lane , Harehills .
Detective Inspector James Entwistle , of Leeds District CID , said : `` Enquiries established the 33-year-old victim had been stabbed in an incident at a flat in Strathmore View .
`` He was taken to Leeds General Infirmary for treatment . Their injuries are serious but are not considered life threatening . ''
Officers arrested a 28-year-old man at the flat and are questioning them on suspicion of Section 18 wounding .
Det Insp Entwistle said : `` He is currently in custody following their discharge from hospital where they received treatment for an injury .
`` Scenes were in place for forensic examination both at the address and in Harehills Lane but have since been removed .
`` Our enquiries into the incident are ongoing but this appears to have happened during a gathering at the flat and has involved people who know each other . ''
By TERRY SPENCER and CURT ANDERSON
Associated Press
FORT LAUDERDALE , Fla. ( AP ) - In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday , the suspect in a February massacre at a Florida high school announced their intention to become the next school shooter , aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying `` you 're all going to die . ''
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others .
Cruz , wearing a ball cap , introduces themselves in the first video and says they are `` going to be the next school shooter of 2018 . '' They go on to say that they want to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland . The videos are undated , but on one they say , `` Today is the day . Today it all begins . The day of my massacre shall begin . ''
`` When you see me on the news , you 'll all know who I am , '' they say in another and then laughs . `` You 're all going to die . ... Ca n't wait . ''
In a second video , Cruz briefly discusses logistics , including that they will take Uber to campus about 2:40 . They then says he 'll walk onto campus , go up some stairs , open their bag to take out their weapon and start firing . School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what they did -the only difference being that they arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m .
In the third video , the camera apparently pointed at pavement , they talk about their loneliness , anger and hatred , and announces that the `` day of my massacre shall begin . ''
`` I live a lone life . I live in seclusion and solitude . I hate everyone and everything . But the power of my AR you will all know who I am . I had enough of being told what to do and when to do , '' they say . `` I had enough of being told what to do and when to do . I had enough of being told that I 'm an idiot and a dumbass . You 're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs . ''
They also referenced a former girlfriend , saying `` I hope to see you in the afterlife . ''
Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack . Their lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole , but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty . Cruz , 19 , is a former Stoneman Douglas student .
The Broward State Attorney 's Office released the video because under Florida law , with few exceptions , evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant 's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process . Cruz 's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and `` further hurt and inflame the victims ' families and the community . ''
`` This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is , '' Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein , whose office is representing Cruz , said in a statement .
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer to Stoneman Douglas . They spent several months there before being kicked out . Their late mother also called 911 on them almost 20 times over the years and they had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Rick Peterson , former leadership candidate for the Conservative Party of Canada , has announced they are seeking the Conservative nomination for the Sturgeon River – Parkland by-election .
The riding is facing a by-election after former Conservative MP Rona Ambrose vacated the seat . Jamie Mozeson , a Spruce Grove local who worked at the Prime Minister 's Office during Stephen Harper 's tenure , has already announced their candidacy for the Conservative nomination in the by-election . Now , Peterson , a business person and investor who has lived in British Columbia for approximately 30 years and is in the process of moving with their family to Spruce Grove , has arrived to challenge Mozeson .
“ Our choice of coming here to Spruce Grove is just a fundamentally good choice for our family and we 're going to live here win or lose the nomination race , ” Peterson said in an interview with the Reporter/Examiner . “ Whatever we do in politics is ancillary to establishing roots in the community , to living here , to being here , and we 're thrilled . ”
Peterson said they believe they are the right type of candidate to replace an influential MP like Ambrose .
“ The party members here are n't going to be satisfied with anything less than somebody who is as strong as they are , ” they said .
Peterson said one of their biggest priorities if elected as the MP for Sturgeon River – Parkland would be to make the riding the “ economic engine of Canada . ”
“ This riding is the epitome of the best of what Canada is . We 're urban , we 're suburban , and we 're rural , so as the MP for the riding , I would be pushing hard for policies that , number one , lower taxes for everybody here in Sturgeon River - Parkland , ” they said .
One of Peterson 's key platform planks in their Conservative leadership campaign was a promise to lower corporate income taxes to 0 per cent . They said that if elected they would push to be an influential voice within the Conservative party on matters of policy , in part to advocate for their tax policies .
“ Canada right now is uncompetitive on a corporate income tax level , and I will be , as the MP in the riding , a strong voice inside the Conservative caucus , keeping in mind that we have a convention next August in Halifax , and the policy platform that 's decided then will be the one that we take into the 2019 election , ” they said . “ I want our voice and our riding to be there driving down taxes , zero corporate income tax and a 15 per cent flat tax across the board for every individual in Canada . We 're going to see Sturgeon River - Parkland to be a strong voice for driving down taxes , creating jobs , creating a strong economy . ”
Another way to strengthen the local economy is to ensure the construction of new oil and gas pipelines to the coast of British Columbia , according to Peterson .
“ I 'm going to be the strongest proponent for pipelines supporting our economy , getting our oil to foreign markets , ” they said .
Peterson said another priority of theirs is to keep Sturgeon River – Parkland safe , citing the fentanyl crisis and current handgun regulations as pressing safety issues for the area .
They said they would like to see a “ bounty system ” for turning in fentanyl dealers .
“ Turn in somebody who is a dealer in fentanyl , turn in somebody who is distributing fentanyl , have a high bounty on that and share the rewards with everybody who helps turn them in , ” Peterson said . “ Young kids have to understand that recreational drugs right now are dangerous , and as a father of four children I can tell you that I will be a vocal proponent of whatever it takes with the membership here to raise that up . This opioid crisis is one of the biggest things that is sweeping across Canada right now , and we 've got to be on top of it . ”
Peterson said they would relax handgun restrictions .
“ We need to have a farmer who 's out farming near Onoway or Morinville , and he 's out in the fields , they need to be able to carry a handgun if they come across a grizzly bear . A recreational hunter needs to be able to carry a handgun , a concealed handgun , and they ca n't , ” they said .
No date has been set for the by-election , but according to Elections Canada rules a date for the by-election must be announced by Dec. 31 .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
You 've taken the plunge and got yourself a brand new Alcatel Idol 5 . Congratulations ! The Idol 5 boasts a few additions that make it a little more resistant to damage than the older model , but your new phone is still far from impervious to harm from the outside world . So why not grab yourself a protective case to keep it looking as good as the day you bought it ? Here is a selection of the best Alcatel Idol 5 cases available to keep your Idol looking perfect .
PopCulture Gel Case ( $ 9 ) Sometimes simple is the best choice . This case from PopCulture combines a bunch of great protective qualities into one slim case , so you wo n't get that bulky feel you can get from many rugged cases . Tough and flexible TPU provides good shock-resistance and a textured surface that helps you keep a grip of your phone , while raised edges along the outside of the case mean that your screen wo n't be damaged by any surfaces you place it down on . Reinforced corners give it even more shock-resistance in those vulnerable areas , and the case comes in a wide variety of colors — including an option for your own photo . Buy one now from : Amazon
MyFavCell Brushed Metal-Style Shock Case ( $ 8 ) If you 're after something with a little more protection , but prefer a slim profile , then take a look at this case . It 's a dual-layer case , so a soft inner layer of TPU handles shock absorption , while the outer layer of hard polycarbonate ( PC ) takes more direct hits . But despite that toughness , it 's still pretty slim when attached to your phone . Air-cushioned corners keep those areas safe from harm , and the understated brushed metal-style complements any look . A magnetic kickstand at the back also gives your phone more utility , and allows you to set it down at the ideal viewing angle . Buy one now from : Amazon
NakedShield Defender Case ( $ 12 ) Naked ? Anything but ! NakedShield 's Defender case is the first in the Alcatel Idol 5 's options for extreme defense . This Defender case is a dual-layer case , so an inner layer of TPU handles shocks , while the outer shield of hard PC tackles anything more direct . The TPU layer wraps around the phone , giving your fingers a soft surface to enhance grip , while the PC clips around the TPU , ensuring great protection . A kickstand on the rear allows for easy viewing angles when set down and an optional holster means you can easily clip your phone to your belt . Finally , there is a massive range of styles and looks available , including the option to have your own photo added to the rear of the case . Buy one now from : Amazon
Evocel New Generation Case ( $ 10 ) Rugged cases come in all shapes and sizes , and that 's what Evocel is offering with this rugged holster case . It 's much the same as the NakedShield Defender case , with a dual-layer construction that uses the properties of TPU and PC to keep your device safe and sound , but offers a different , more understated style . If you 're not a fan of the extremely in-your-face approach taken by NakedShield , then you might like Evocel 's attempt at a quieter style of case . An optional holster means you can clip it to your belt , and the Evocel logo on the back conceals an extremely well-hidden kickstand as well . Buy one now from : Amazon Evocel
VP Osinbajo Commissions Deeper Life Bible Church New Headquarters Church In Lagos
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Tuesday commissioned the new headquarters church of the Deeper Life Bible Church in Lagos amidst colourful celebration . The general superintendent of the church , Pastor William Folorunsho Kumuyi and their wife , Sister Esther received the vice president who was a special guest at the commissioning ceremony of the magnificent Gbagada Church . The Deeper [ … ]
The post VP Osinbajo Commissions Deeper Life Bible Church New Headquarters Church In Lagos appeared first on Leadership Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PORTLAND , Ore. — Back on April 8 it seemed nothing was going right for the Portland Timbers .
In their debut season as an MLS coach , Giovanni Savarese 's first five matches — all on the road — did n't include a single victory . They were clearly anxious to get back home after a 3-2 loss at Orlando City .
“ They 've been travelling five games away . At the end we were tired . It was a long trip . The weather from snow to hot and you can see at the end the guys were breaking down all over the place because it has been a long five games away , ” Savarese said at the time . “ But as I said , I take full responsibility for this defeat . ”
Portland had collected just two overall points in their first five games . The long road trip to start the season was caused by construction at Providence Park .
But once the Timbers got home , their season turned around quickly . Even dramatically . Since that loss in Florida , they 've won six straight , capped by a 3-2 victory at Colorado last weekend . On Saturday , they 'll host the LA Galaxy .
The six consecutive wins is a club record , and matches Orlando 's streak for the longest this season . It also matches the second-longest winning streak in the league since 2000 — when MLS started recording draws . Sporting Kansas City won seven straight in 2012 .
Winning sure makes the job easier for everyone .
“ The victories , of course , allow you to be able to correct things in a positive way , and that 's very good , ” Savarese said . “ But we have to stay focused that it 's one match at a time . ”
Savarese coached the New York Cosmos for five seasons before coming to the Timbers in December . They replaced Caleb Porter , who led the team to the 2015 MLS Cup title before unexpectedly parting ways with the Timbers after last season .
Reigning league MVP Diego Valeri , who shares the team lead with five goals this season , said the team does n't focus on streaks , bad or good .
“ We do n't think about the past . I think that 's key , ” Valeri said . “ Think about the next game and prepare well and perform for 90 minutes and improving on things that will make us better . ”
MATCH OF THE WEEK : The Columbus Crew face Toronto FC in a rematch of last season 's Eastern Conference championship . The Reds advanced to the MLS Cup final with a 1-0 victory on aggregate .
This season , the Crew have n't been scored on in a club-record 495 minutes , capped by last Sunday 's 0-0 draw with Sporting Kansas City . It was the fifth straight shutout for Crew goalkeeper Zach Steffen .
Meanwhile , the league 's reigning champions are struggling with a 3-7-1 record this season , and they 're coming off a 1-0 loss to FC Dallas . But they 've also been dealing with an unusual number of injuries .
“ There are a lot of games left , we have a great team , a team that can win on many days but the reality is we are letting games slip away from us too consistently , ” Reds captain Michael Bradley said . “ We have to respond in a big way now in this next stretch . ”
This is the second meeting between the two teams this season . The Crew won the first one 2-0 in Toronto .
PLAYER OF THE WEEK : Vancouver 's Cristian Techera has been named the league 's Player of the Week after scoring a hat trick in the Whitecaps ' 3-3 draw with the New England Revolution last weekend .
It was the Uruguayan midfielder 's first three-goal game in MLS .
US SOCCER BECKONS : Philadelphia Union sporting director Earnie Stewart will assume the new role of general manager for the U.S. men 's national team , according to various reports .
One of their first duties will be to hire a new coach . Dave Sarachan has been interim coach since Bruce Arena stepped down following the Americans ' failure to qualify for the World Cup in Russia .
Stewart , who was born in the Netherlands , has been with the Union for the past three seasons after serving as an executive for a pair of Dutch clubs .
A former midfielder , they made 101 appearances for the U.S. team . They also played for D.C. United as well as several Dutch teams .
Money Movement In MMM Hard To Trace – Cyber Risk Expert
Despite several calls by the National Assembly for the the arrest of promoters of the online pyramid scheme , Mavrodi Mondial Movement MMM , cyber risk and technology expert , Tope Aladenusi has said the inability to trace the movement of funds in the bank accounts will make it impossible to identify the promoters of the scheme or recover the funds .
Aladenusi , a business technology assurance expert and Partner in Akintola Williams Deloitte Nigeria who heads the cyber risk services desk of the company noted that when the eventuality of the MMM scheme dawn , it will be almost impossible to trace and recover the funds .
Speaking recently at a Nigeria electronic fraud forum dinner in Lagos , Aladenusi described MMM as a distruptive technology that is used to deceive people . According to him , the scheme uses technology to move money around in a way that can not be tracked .
“ What happens is that when you sign up for it , you become part of it . When you say you want to help and you are coming in with N1 million , they will assign you to pay three or more people . You then pay money into somebody 's account to give help and having paid money into those accounts you then wait . At the end of your one month expiration , and your money has appreciated by 30 percent you will click on ‘ I need help ' and when you need help , other people will now be told to pay money into your account .
“ Now what happen is that when you want to deposit the money they will instruct you not to write MMM in the deposit slip . And when you scan the deposit slip in the system so as to notify them that you have paid the money into another persons , account then they can now say you are accredited to go on to pay another one . ”
Last month , MMM had placed one month ban on withdrawals having increased the returns to 50 per cent from 30 per cent , citing “ heavy workload on system ” and negative media reports . This means that members of the scheme who are due to withdraw both their capital and 30 per cent return on investment will no longer be able to do so until sometime in January 2017 .
Despite several warning by regulators in the financial sector , the Central Bank of Nigeria and the Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation to Nigerian to desist from patronizing the online Ponzi scheme , MMM had caught like wild fire spreading from amongst corporate individuals to the the informal sector .
NDIC managing director and chief executive , Umaru Ibrahim and had cautioned Nigerians on falling victims of wonder banks and pyramid schemes , noting that despite the caveat given many Nigerians had fallen victim .
Noting that no fixed address has been traded to the scheme , they said the virtual and anonymous operating style of MMM makes tracking the accounts involve very challenging , even as they warned that other forms of MMM had evolved in recent times .
MMM which has over three million subscribers has also been introduced in Kenya having crashed in Russia , Zimbabwe , China , India and South Africa . The online pyramid scheme which operates by asking subscribers to give help and receive it back with 30 per cent interest has since suspended activities on its website creating panic for its numerous members .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
This website uses cookies . Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Version 7.14 introduces a new licensing option known as ‘ multi-type licensing ' allowing you to consume different types of XenDesktop & XenApp license models within the same Site on a per Delivery Group basis . This post is meant to answer one or two questions you might have around this new feature .
Throughout this article , the following concepts will play a leading role , I 'll cover each one as I progress :
License types , a combination of product ID 's and license , or consumption models .
Products ID 's , referring to either XenDesktop or XenApp .
License , or consumption models , either User/Device or Concurrent .
Product editions : Advanced , Enterprise , Platinum etc .
Before we get into too much detail on the ‘ what 's new ' part , let 's first have a quick look ( recap ) at the various licensing options available ( types and editions ) for both XenDesktop and XenApp . To start , there is a distinct difference between the license type and the edition of XenDesktop and/or XenApp .
If you are ‘ just ' curious on what 's new regarding the multi-type licensing feature in 7.14 , I 'd suggest scrolling down a bit .
Read the entire article here , XenDesktop & XenApp 7.14 multi-type licensing
via Bas van Kaam at basvankaam.com
Photo : Paul Abell / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
The-Dream has shared a new birthday gift in honor of their debut album , Love Hate .
Related : Ty Dolla $ ign Drops ‘ Love U Better ' Featuring Lil Wayne & The-Dream
The song is “ It 's Yo Birthday , ” released to celebrate the ten-year anniversary of their full-length debut , which dropped on Dec. 11 , 2007 .
“ Love Hate Changed Everything ! , ” The-Dream shared on Instagram . “ Like it or Not ! ”
Listen to the new track , “ It 's Yo Birthday , ” which contains explicit lyrics , now at Radio.com .
BEIRUT — Tens of thousands of Lebanese and Palestinians attended a Hezbollah rally in Beirut on Monday , where the militant group 's leader vowed to return its focus to Israel after years of fighting in Syria 's civil war .
Chanting “ Oh America , you are the Great Satan , ” while pumping their fists in the air , men , women and children marched through streets of Hezbollah 's southern Beirut stronghold carrying Lebanese and Palestinian flags , as well as the militant group 's yellow banners .
At the rally , called to protest U.S. President Donald Trump 's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah said they hoped the “ foolish decision ” would mark the “ beginning of the end ” of the Jewish state .
Nasrallah said their group is almost done fighting extremists elsewhere in the region , and will now “ give all its time ” to Jerusalem and the Palestinians . “ Death to Israel ! ” they said in the fiery address , which was broadcast from an undisclosed location and shown on big screens at the rally .
Hezbollah forced Israeli troops out of southern Lebanon in 2000 , and the group battled Israel to a bloody stalemate six years later . The Iranian-backed militant group is believed to have a massive arsenal of rockets capable of hitting much of Israel 's territory , and its battle-hardened fighters played a key role in turning the tide of Syria 's civil war in favour of President Bashar Assad .
Palestinian Electrician Munzir Saleh came with their three sons from the nearby Palestinian refugee camp of Burj al-Barajneh . They said Trump 's decision is “ unjust to Palestinians and Arabs because Jerusalem is not only for Jews but a holy place to all religions . ”
“ Trump 's decision means nothing . Jerusalem is the eternal capital of Palestine and this is what I teach my children , ” they said as they stood with their three sons , ranging in age from seven to 15 , all wearing traditional Palestinian black and white checkered scarves .
Nasrallah called on Palestinian armed groups and others in the region to come up with “ unified strategy ” to confront Trump 's decision . They said Palestinian and Arab leaders should halt all negotiations with Israel , and called for a boycott of the Jewish state .
“ Trump is ignorant and is opposed to people 's rights , ” said Hassan Mazloum , 14 , a member of Hezbollah 's Imam Mahdi scouts . “ We came here to say that Jerusalem is not the capital of Israel but the eternal capital of Palestine . ”
The rally came a day after a violent protest outside the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , where security forces fired tear gas and water cannons at rowdy protesters who pelted them with stones . The protesters were hundreds of meters ( yards ) from the embassy .
Lebanon is home to over 450,000 Palestinian refugees , who make up nearly 10 per cent of the population . Many are the descendants of those who fled after the creation of Israel in 1948 .
Trump 's announcement on Wednesday broke with decades of U.S. policy and an international consensus that Jerusalem 's fate should be decided by direct Israeli-Palestinian negotiations . Palestinians viewed the U.S. declaration as a blatantly pro-Israel move , and protests have erupted across the Arab and Muslim world since the announcement .
——–
Associated Press writer Sarah El Deeb in Beirut contributed to this report .
If FloydFest is a bit too much but you enjoy the various styles of music at that multi-day event , “ Floyd Fandango ” next weekend might be the ticket as WFIR 's Gene Marrano reports :
6-15 Floyd Fandango Wrap # 2-WEB
Margaret Leatherwood has eight choices for health insurance next year but no good options .
The cheapest individual coverage available in their market would eat up nearly a quarter of the income their husband brings home from the oilfields .
The Bryson , Texas , couple makes too much to qualify for Affordable Care Act tax credits that help people buy coverage . But they do n't make enough to comfortably afford insurance on their own , even though Paul Leatherwood works seven days a week .
“ I hate to put it like this , but it sucks , ” said Margaret Leatherwood , who stays at home and takes care of their grandchildren .
This largely middle-class crowd of shoppers is struggling to stay insured . They 've weathered years of price hikes and shrinking insurance choices with no help . Faced with more price increases for next year , they 're mulling options outside insurance or skipping coverage entirely — a decision that could lead to a fine for remaining uninsured and huge bills if an emergency hits .
The sign-up period for 2018 coverage closes on Friday in most states , meaning shoppers have only a few more days to find something that squeezes into their budgets .
“ I kind of cringe when I am meeting with those clients because I do n't have a solution for them , ” said Kelly Rector , a Missouri-based insurance agent .
The ACA helped chop the U.S. uninsured population 41 per cent to 28.8 million people earlier this year from 48.6 million in 2010 , when it became law , according to the latest government figures .
The law expanded Medicaid coverage for the poor and created health insurance marketplaces where people can use income-based tax credits to buy a single or family individual insurance plan if they do n't get coverage through work . Those subsidies cover part or all of the bill , capping insurance costs at a percentage of income for those who are eligible . That shields recipients from price hikes of 20 per cent or more that have hit many markets .
But that help stops abruptly for people making four times the federal poverty level or more — around $ 48,000 for an individual and more than $ 98,000 for a family of four .
Of the roughly 15 million people who bought ACA-compliant individual insurance for this year , nearly 7 million had no tax credit help , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation .
Meanwhile , the uninsured rate among adults who make too much to qualify for help to buy coverage jumped to 5 per cent this year from 2 per cent in 2016 , according to The Commonwealth Fund .
Brokers and health care researchers expect that to climb again , especially for people with income levels close to the cutoff for federal help .
“ It 's not going to be like an on-off switch where prices get too high and nobody buys coverage , ” said Sherry Glied of New York University . “ It 's more like a drip , drip , drip . ”
The vulnerable population includes the self-employed , small business owners and those close to qualifying for the Medicare program that covers people age 65 and over .
These customers can face monthly bills that climb past $ 2,000 for a family plan and then a big deductible before most coverage starts . Plus fewer markets this year have insurance that comes with a health savings account , which lets people save for medical expenses before taxes . Those accounts are popular with individual insurance shoppers who do n't get tax credit help , said St. Louis broker Emily Bremer .
Leslie Glogau said some of their customers in the Orlando , Florida area are considering short-term , limited-benefits plans that are cheaper than ACA-compliant coverage but can leave them vulnerable to big medical bills . Such plans also wo n't stave off the uninsured penalty , which can amount to a few thousand dollars depending on income .
“ People just do n't know which way to turn , ” Glogau said .
Insurance shoppers wo n't be fined if they ca n't find an affordable option in their market . But going uninsured would still leave them exposed to huge medical bills .
Margaret and Paul Leatherwood wound up with a limited-benefits plan this year , but they want better protection in case of a big bill . She 's 58 and they just turned 60 . They 're weighing joining a medical cost-sharing ministry for next year .
These ministries are not insurance , but they allow people to band together to share expenses , often by making monthly payments . They can be cheaper than regular coverage , and belonging to one allows customers to escape the ACA penalty for remaining uninsured .
Such arrangements usually come with restrictions or qualifications . For instance , participants may not be allowed to use tobacco , and there might be limits on help for medical conditions that existed before the customer signed up .
“ That 's really the only option we have that 's going to cover anything , ” Margaret Leatherwood said .
Lance and Stephanie Schmidt bought family coverage in the individual insurance market for years because they do n't get employer-sponsored coverage through Lance 's dental practice . But the Oklahoma City couple opted for a cost-sharing ministry this year after they realized the monthly insurance bill for their family of five would have more than doubled to over $ 1,200 and stuck them with a deductible that topped $ 7,000 .
They now pay $ 450 a month for a plan through Liberty HealthShare , and they are leaning toward returning next year .
“ There 's still some risk there , but so far it has proven to be just fine , ” said Stephanie Schmidt .
Cost-sharing ministries and short-term plans are n't the only alternatives to individual insurance . Tom Morrill , a broker from Kansas City , Missouri , has helped many of their customers set up group coverage through their businesses .
They said that gives them better options than what they would find on the individual market , where coverage prices from the dominant insurer , Cigna , are climbing an average of 42 per cent . Four insurers have left that market . The 10 remaining plans all have narrow networks of providers and do n't pay for care outside those networks .
“ It 's nuts , ” Morrill said . “ Rates have jumped dramatically . It 's not good coverage . ”
WINNIPEG , Manitoba ( AP ) — Michael Hutchinson made 23 saves in their first NHL start of the season to help the Winnipeg Jets beat the league-leading Tampa Bay Lightning 3-1 on Tuesday night .
Patrik Laine scored their team-leading 23rd goal for the Jets ( 30-13-8 ) . Kyle Connor and Bryan Little also scored , and Blake Wheeler had two assists .
Rookie forward Matthew Peca scored for Tampa Bay ( 34-13-3 ) , which had its three-game winning streak snapped .
Both teams let their starting goaltenders — ranked first and second in wins — have a night off after they took part in last weekend 's All-Star festivities at Tampa Bay .
Hutchinson was replacing Connor Hellebuyck after their own All-Star appearance , but in the AHL showcase Monday in Utica , New York . Hutchinson had been sent to the Manitoba Moose after the Jets ' training camp and acknowledged after their recent recall that they were upset by the move .
Louis Domingue played their 10th game of the season for the Lightning in place of NHL-leading goalie Andrei Vasilevskiy and stopped 34 shots .
The game marked the first of 10 straight home games for the Jets , who have won seven in a row at Bell MTS Place and are 18-3-1 there this season .
The Lightning had a welcome addition to the roster with defenseman Victor Hedman back for their first game since injuring a knee on Jan. 11 . They were expected to miss three to six weeks and had sat out five games .
The Jets were starting a stretch without defenseman Jacob Trouba , who 's out six to eight weeks with an ankle injury .
Playing their fourth NHL game this season , Peca took a slick pass from Brayden Point and put a shot past Hutchinson with 29 seconds left in the first period . Peca had been invited to the AHL All-Star Game , but decided not to go . They were called up from Syracuse on Jan. 21 for the first time this season after playing 10 games with the Lightning last year .
Winnipeg got a two-man advantage early in the second after Lightning defenseman Braydon Coburn went off for tripping at 2:43 and teammate Chris Kunitz followed with a delay of game 12 seconds later .
Wheeler sent a cross-ice pass to Laine in the middle of the faceoff circle 35 seconds later and they ripped a high shot past Domingue at 3:30 to tie it 1-all . It was their 12th power-play goal of the season .
Eight seconds after another Winnipeg power play was over , Connor scored their 16th when they jammed the puck in during a scramble in front at 8:35 .
Little 's goal off a rebound with 5:25 left in the third had the crowd roaring . Tampa Bay soon went on a power play , but Alex Killorn rang a shot off the post .
UP NEXT
Lightning : At the Calgary Flames on Thursday .
Jets : Host the Vegas Golden Knights on Thursday .
___
More AP hockey : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
LOS ANGELES — Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige talks about their job like a fan who 's just lucky to be there .
To hear their genuine enthusiasm about the movies , the actors , the audience and the stories almost belies the fact that they are essentially the architect of and driving force behind Hollywood 's most valuable brand that has in just over 10 years netted over $ 14.8 billion in worldwide grosses ( according to comScore ) and become the envy of every studio executive in town .
He 's a mogul with a fanboy 's verve who has helped to change the very fabric of the entertainment industry .
Ten years ago , many moviegoers did n't know who Iron Man was , and those who did think of them as a minor comic book character . On Thursday , Marvel Studios ' 19th film , “ Avengers : Infinity War , ” an epic mashup of characters once considered to be part of the “ superhero B-list , ” from Iron Man to Star Lord , opens in theatres worldwide . It is cruising for a record-breaking debut that could surpass “ Star Wars : The Force Awakens ” as the biggest opening ever .
The scope of the Marvel effect is somewhat difficult to pin down , especially with a force as formidable as The Walt Disney Co. behind it . ( Disney acquired Marvel Entertainment for $ 4 billion in 2009 . )
It 's revitalized careers ( Robert Downey Jr. ) , minted movie stars ( Chris Hemsworth , Chris Evans and Chris Pratt , to name a few ) , and become an outpost for Oscar-winners too ( like Robert Redford , Gwyneth Paltrow , Anthony Hopkins , Natalie Portman , Jeff Bridges , Michael Douglas and Cate Blanchett ) .
And beyond that , every few months the studio seems to be breaking new ground , whether it 's as small as a change in tone , like “ Thor : Ragnarok , ” or as big as producing a downright cultural phenomenon , such as “ Black Panther , ” now the third highest-grossing domestic film of all time .
“ We dream big at Marvel Studios . We have very lofty aspirations at Marvel Studios . For those dreams to be surpassed is saying something , ” Feige , 44 , said of “ Black Panther 's ” success .
And it shows no sign of slowing down , or running out of story . They have 70 years of comic book source material to draw on , after all .
“ There are still things that are key elements to a lot of our characters in their comic incarnations that we have n't even done yet for characters who have had three or four movies , ” Feige said . “ It is an amazing wealth of creative material to pull from . ”
Feige is amused when reporters try to predict Marvel 's next move , or make big conclusions based on what 's just happened . Under Feige , Marvel is not looking in the rear-view mirror .
When “ Thor : Ragnarok ” came out , they remember reading articles declaring that , “ Marvel is committing to a surrealist , silly tone ” and just laughed .
“ I thought , ‘ We have ‘ Black Panther ' coming out in three months ! They do n't even know what 's coming , ” ‘ Feige said . “ We 're always thinking ahead . Just when people think they can pin us down , we go somewhere else and that 's going to happen again after ‘ Infinity War ' in the build-up to the next Avengers film . And we had meetings earlier today about 2024 and 2025 . ”
Misunderstanding Feige 's vision is almost a tradition at this point , going back to Comic-Con in 2006 where they revealed their plans for the first few films –Iron Man , Ant-Man and The Incredible Hulk — and all anyone wrote about is how Marvel Studios did n't have the rights to Spider-Man ( Sony does ) , the X-Men or the Fantastic Four ( those reside at 20th Century Fox ) .
Now , few would argue that Iron Man , Captain America , Thor , Black Panther , the Guardians of the Galaxy and even Doctor Strange and Ant-Man are n't veritable A-listers on their own , and even more powerful together , making up what is perhaps Marvel 's greatest innovation — the Marvel Cinematic Universe . This idea of an interconnected , ever-expanding “ universe ” of characters and films is something that many have since tried to copy to varying degrees of success . It seems audiences do n't begrudge Marvel for creating the concept , but are somewhat more skeptical of those trying to capitalize on it .
“ ( Marvel 's ) approach does n't seem nearly as cynical as when you see another studio trying to do it with , say , Ghostbusters or DC , ” said Wall Street Journal reporter Ben Fritz , who delves into Marvel 's history in the book “ The Big Picture : The Fight for the Future of Movies. ” “ People are like , ‘ Oh I know what you 're doing , you 're trying to copy Marvel . ' But Marvel did it first and Marvel has still done it best . ”
“ Sequel fatigue ” does n't even seem to apply to Marvel films anymore .
“ I think you can look at Marvel as a grand narrative experiment , ” said ‘ Infinity War ' co-director Joe Russo . “ Never before in films have we seen this many franchises combined over this many years into one giant mosaic . Two-hour , two-dimensional storytelling has dominated American culture for 100 years and now we 're consuming content with such extreme speed that we need new forms of storytelling . I think what Marvel is doing is a new form of storytelling . ”
“ Infinity War ” co-screenwriter Stephen McFeely , who also co-wrote the three Captain America films , said Feige should get the film academy 's Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award for their impact on the industry .
“ He 's clearly changed the way Hollywood works , or at least the top box office end of it , ” McFeely said . “ It 's in part because Kevin has a really good mind for story — he 's ambitious — but he 's not so ambitious that he 's not going to do the right thing for the movie in front of theirs face . ”
While navel-gazing is n't Feige 's favourite activity , the 10-year anniversary of “ Iron Man ” hitting theatres has provided an excuse to reflect a bit . They still remember the early days , when they had everything to prove and felt grateful for the chance to produce films on their own . While the grand plans and concurrent filmmaking have gotten more complex over the years and “ the days have gotten longer , ” Feige said the fundamental processes for how they make films goes back to the beginning .
“ It was in the cutting rooms of ‘ Iron Man 1 ' that in a lot of ways the Marvel Studios process was born — of just keep trying things and keep turning things over and do n't rest on your laurels and just because something is working does n't mean it ca n't work better , ” Feige said .
Audiences wo n't have to wait too long for another Avengers , either . The fourth Avengers film , also directed by Joe and Anthony Russo and written by McFeely and Christopher Markus is just around the corner , set for a May 2019 release . It 's a continuation of the story that begins in “ Infinity War , ” where a still-fractured Avengers face Thanos ( Josh Brolin ) . Little is being revealed beyond that . The film premiered Monday night in Los Angeles and is said to be full of surprises .
“ We make movies we believe in . We make movies that we think will be entertaining to ourselves and think about ourselves as the first audience members for any movie we make . Any idea that comes up in a room : Would we be entertained by this ? Would we be moved by this ? Would we be surprised by this ? ” Feige said .
“ It goes back to the movies I loved growing up . I always loved sequels . I never found myself being cynical or dismissive of sequels . If they were bad , I was disappointed . But I always loved the promise of seeing the further storylines or further adventures of characters I 'd grown to love . That 's all we 're doing . ”
——
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/ldbahr
August 14 , 1991 : As Apple and Microsoft head to court to battle each other , the tide begins to turn against Apple and its claims that Windows has unlawfully copied the look and feel of macOS . The case concerns whether key elements of Apple 's operating system are original enough for copyright protection . The decision turns out [ ]
( via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens )
TORONTO — Companies trying to stay ahead of the increasing threat of cyberattacks need to be cognizant of one simple fact : there is no perfect antidote or turnkey solution against criminals bent on breaching their systems .
“ Everyone is hacking into everything , ” said Benoit Dupont , professor of criminology at the University of Montreal and the Canada Research Chair in Cybersecurity .
“ Even the most secure , aware organizations like the top intelligence agencies in the world get hacked , ” they said , pointing to a report in the New York Times last month that the cyberweapons developed by the National Security Agency to spy on other countries are now being used against it , thanks to a leak .
The number of Canadian businesses experiencing losses of $ 1-million or more rose to seven per cent from just one per cent two years ago , according to a 2017 report by the Canadian Chamber of Commerce .
With each passing year , hacking has become more dangerous , sophisticated and difficult to prevent — and solely ramping up spending on cybersecurity is not a viable solution for any organization , experts warn .
What 's required when it comes to cyber preparedness , Benoit and others argue , is a radical overhaul of the entire ecosystem that accounts for the significant role that human error plays in breaches
— from confidential data sent to insecure home systems , to phishing schemes that rely on tricking people into giving up sensitive information belonging to their employer .
At a minimum , organizations should ensure that mechanisms are in place to minimize the damage caused by inevitable cyber-infiltrations so that if criminals are able to breach a system they wo n't necessarily be able to exit with anything of value .
That starts with prioritizing the information that organizations must protect , said Christian Leuprecht , national security expert at the Royal Military College and Queen 's University .
“ People think there is such a thing as privacy and that you can keep things secret . We need to come to the realization that 's not possible , ” said Leuprecht .
“ We need to say 90 per cent of stuff that becomes public , we can live with that . And here 's the stuff that we have to protect at any and all cost , and where we 're going to put all our efforts into protecting that . ”
Surprisingly , encryption — in which data is translated into a secret code that can only be accessed by using a secret key or password to decrypt the documents into plain text — is one measure few companies seem to be adopting , said Satyamoorthy Kabilan , director of national security and strategic foresight at the Conference Board of Canada .
“ The fact that every time we hear about someone 's system being breached and people are able to read the details tells you a lot , ” Kabilan added .
Encryption , however , is n't a viable long-term cyber-strategy for companies that need to have constant access to data themselves , according to Andre Boysen , chief identity officer at Toronto-based SecureKey .
“ It 's going to make it harder for the business to read the data , ” they said . “ It 's got limited usefulness . ”
Typically , such companies instead rely on constantly monitoring what 's happening on their network — a feat no human can succeed at , even with organizations leveraging more artificial intelligence and algorithms to determine suspicious activities and identify them before hackers get access to their crown jewels .
“ We always assume people are hacking near perfect systems , ” said Leuprecht . “ We have major human errors in the way the systems are set up . Most people actually run terrible operations including some of the largest in the country . ”
Failure to patch and update systems is another area where human error causes critical fallout , Kabilan noted .
“ It 's so much of a non-starter that it 's not being done , ” they said , referencing the WannaCry ransomware attack , which infected hundreds of thousands of computers in May and scrambled data at hospitals , factories , government agencies , banks and other businesses around the world .
“ ( WannaCry ) spread because some people clicked on a link but the reason it proliferated was that it took advantage of an unpatched system . ”
Organizations need to get a better handle on setting up simple deterrents to make it as unattractive as possible to try to steal information , said Leuprecht .
“ For instance , if you 're storing credit card information , or things that have lots of numbers , you can create fake versions of them … So if somebody gets a hold of all these numbers they do n't know what the fakes are and what the real ones are , ” said Leuprecht .
“ If you 're just an organized criminal operation that 's trying to extract financial data , you do n't want to invest millions of dollars and hours trying to sift through all the data to figure out what 's real , what 's fake , what 's usable . ”
Other effective methods not being used by companies are exfiltration detectors that examine outgoing data and block any documents that are intended to remain inside the network , they added .
“ This is not rocket science , ” said Leuprecht . “ You have a water main break , you shut it down . ”
Follow @ DaveHTO on Twitter .
Peter Obi , Others Attend Somto Akunyili 's Wedding
MyNaijaInfo.com
Late Dora Akunyili 's Daughter Weds In Anambra . Beautiful daughter of late former National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control ( NAFDAC ) Boss , Dora Akunyili , Somto tied the knot with their Long Time Fiance over the Weekend . MyNaijaInfo gathered that Chinonso has been engaged to Somtoo for over 4 years . The wedding which took place in Agulu , Anambra state had in attendance , the former governor of Anambra State , Chief Peter Obi , Capital Oil Boss & Billionaire , Ifeanyi Ubah and many others . See Uniform & Weapons of Police DSP Beheaded in Rivers Miss Somto Akunyili was walked down the aisle by their father Chike Akunili at the Madona Catholic Church , Agulu , Anambra state . See Lovely Wedding Photos of Somto and Chinonso Below :
The post Peter Obi , Others Attend Somto Akunyili 's Wedding appeared first on Nigeria News , Gist , Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo .
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News , Gist , Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ST. JOHN 'S , N.L . — A lawyer for former residential school students excluded from a national apology in 2008 says Justin Trudeau will be in Labrador on Nov. 24 to apologize .
Steven Cooper says the Prime Minister 's Office has confirmed he 'll be in Goose Bay for an event that 's expected to include about 300 people .
About 1,000 class-action members accepted a $ 50-million package from the federal government to settle claims of abuse and cultural losses .
A spokesperson for Trudeau could not be immediately reached .
Former prime minister Stephen Harper excluded the province 's former residential schools from an apology and compensation package , saying they were different .
But lawyers for students of four schools in Labrador and one in Newfoundland argued Ottawa owed the same duty of care to them after the province joined Confederation in 1949 .
By JAMIE STENGLE
Associated Press
DALLAS ( AP ) - Texas Gov . Greg Abbott on Wednesday recommended dozens of strategies to make schools safer in the wake of the deadly shooting at a Houston-area high school , including increasing the presence of law enforcement officers at schools .
The Republican and staunch gun-rights supporter released a 43-page report that also included suggesting more mental health screening for students . A handful of the recommendations involved gun safety in Texas , a state that embraces its gun-friendly reputation and has more than 1.2 million people licensed to carry handguns .
Abbott said funding for some of the recommendations will be aided by federal grants , though others require state lawmakers to weigh in .
`` We all share a common bond : And that is we want action to prevent another shooting like what happened at Santa Fe High School , '' Abbott , who is campaigning for re-election , said during a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters .
The report comes a day after students returned to Santa Fe High School for the first time since the May 18 shooting that killed eight students and two substitute teachers , and critically wounded a police officer .
The recommendations were made following three days of mostly closed-door meetings that Abbott quickly organized last week with school districts , shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate , among others .
So far , the governor has ignored calls from a handful of lawmakers from both parties to call the Legislature into special session to address gun laws - a sharp contrast to the response in Florida following the February high school shooting there that killed 17 people . Florida lawmakers , who were already in session , passed a gun-control package three weeks later , thanks in part to a lobbying campaign led by student survivors of the attack .
Texas lawmakers are n't scheduled to meet until January 2019 . And unlike the students in Florida , several students at Santa Fe High School have been vocal opponents of increased gun control , including some who were invited to meet with Abbott last week .
Students who had classes in the area of the shooting were the first allowed back into the school Tuesday , followed by the rest about two hours later . All students then gathered for a two-hour assembly honoring the victims , and counselors were available .
Abbott visited the campus Tuesday , privately speaking with students , parents , teachers and staff , and presented first responders with an award for their actions .
Authorities have charged a 17-year-old student , Dimitrios Pagourtzis , with capital murder in the attack . He 's accused of using a shotgun and pistol that belonged to their father . He 's jailed without bond .
The family of one of the students killed in the attack has filed a lawsuit against Pagourtzis ' parents .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Why it matters to you If style is as important to you as sound , then Master & Dynamic 's A770 might be the wireless speaker for you .
Wireless speakers are handy , and can offer some surprisingly good sound from a small package depending on the model , but they almost always lean toward the boring side in terms of design . With its new MA770 wireless speaker , Master & Dynamic is looking to buck that trend .
Master & Dynamic made bold choices for the design of the MA770 from the ground up , using a proprietary concrete composite instead of the usual plastic . The company says this offers acoustic benefits — specifically dampening — that make for better sound . Then there 's the striking look of the speaker , designed by Sir David Adjaye , who is behind the National Museum of African American History and Culture at the Smithsonian in Washington , D.C .
More : Master and Dynamic MW50 review
“ This speaker is not about the traditional idea of making boxes , but about a directional form . I became fascinated with the idea of using triangles to break down the mass of the box , and to see if we could dissolve the sense of volume through sculptural detail , ” Adjaye said in a statement . “ We created a new geometry with this speaker . A new geometry of sound . ”
Inside , the MA770 packs 100 watts of class D amplification , which powers dual 4-inch woven Kevlar woofers and a 1.5-inch titanium tweeter . These speakers are protected by a stainless steel grille that is magnetically attached , so if you would rather display the speakers , it 's easy to do so .
The speaker features Bluetooth 4.0 for wireless connectivity , as well as Wi=Fi , which allows a second MA770 to be paired for a larger stereo image . This is done via Chromecast built-in , which means that all the other audio streaming features of Chromecast built-in are also available here . If you would rather connect a source via wires , both 3.5mm analog and optical digital inputs are included .
More : Master & Dynamic 's second pair of wireless headphones feature USB-C , quick charging
“ As the industry ebbs towards smaller and more disposable pieces , we continue to defy convention , ” Master & Dynamic founder and CEO Jonathan Levine said . “ The MA770 reinforces scale and prominence . Its luxurious design and use of premium materials further enhance its beauty . ”
The Master & Dynamic MA770 will sell for $ 1,800 , and will be available in stores in mid-May . If you ca n't wait that long to buy it , the MA770 is available for pre-order now via the Master & Dynamic website .
The much-awaited first look poster of Sushant Singh Rajput , Bhumi Pednekar , Manoj Bajpayee-starrer Sonchiraiya has been released by the makers of the film . Sonchiraiya is a crime drama based on the decoits of Chambal . The much-awaited film has been helmed by Abhishek Chaubey and is backed by Ronnie Screwvala . Abhishek Chaubey has previously directed films like Ishqiya , Dedh Ishqiya , Udta Punjab , among many others .
The first look poster of Sushant Singh Rajput , Bhumi Pednekar , Manoj Bajpayee-starrer Sonchiriya has been released by the makers of the film . The first look poster of Sonchiriya has been shared by film and trade analyst Taran Adarsh on Wednesday evening . Sonchiraiya also stars Ranveer Shorey and Ashutosh Rana in key roles . The poster features Sushant Singh Rajput , Manoj Bajpayee and Ranveer Shorey along with their dacoit gang . They all look dangerous as they give their killer looks while holding a gun . There is a text written in the poster that reads , “ Bairi beimaan , baaghi saavdhan . ”
Along with the poster , the makers have also revealed the release date of the film . Sonchiraiya will hit the silver screen on February 8 next year . It will be the first time when we will see Bhumi Pednekar and Sushant Singh Rajput playing dacoits in a film .
Sonchiriya is a crime drama based on the decoits of Chambal . The much-awaited film has been helmed by Abhishek Chaubey and is backed by Ronnie Screwvala . Abhishek Chaubey has previously directed films like Ishqiya , Dedh Ishqiya , Udta Punjab , among many others .
Sushant Singh Rajput , Bhumi Pednekar , Manoj Bajpayee , Ranveer Shorey and Ashutosh Rana… First look poster of # Sonchiriya… Produced by Ronnie Screwvala… Directed by Abhishek Chaubey… 8 Feb 2019 release . pic.twitter.com/1dvZzFpf0P — taran adarsh ( @ taran_adarsh ) July 4 , 2018
Earlier , both Sushant Singh Rajput and Bhumi Pednekar had shared their stills from the sets of the film and were looking very convincing as dacoits .
It will be the first time when Sushant Singh Rajput and Bhumi Pednekar will be seen sharing the screen space together . Bhumi currently impressed us with their phenomenal acting in Zoya Akhtar 's Lust Stories for which they gained a lot of appreciation .
Sushant Singh Rajput , who was last seen in Raabta opposite Kriti Sanon will also be seen in Kedarnath , which will mark the Bollywood debut of Saif Ali Khan 's daughter Sara Ali Khan and will also feature in Drive along with Jacqueline Fernandez .
Sonchiriya is slated to release next year in February .
For all the latest Entertainment News , download NewsX App
Read More
MINGORA , Pakistan — A suicide bombing in Pakistan 's northwestern Swat Valley killed 11 soldiers and wounded 13 on Saturday in what authorities said was the first attack in over three years in the region once ruled by militants .
No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack .
The bomber detonated their explosives vest near an empty lot used by the soldiers for sports and exercise in the Kabal area , the military said . Initial reports said three troops died in the attack but later the army said another eight soldiers who were critically wounded died of their wounds . One officer was among those killed .
The military said the wounded were being treated at a local hospital .
Security forces cordoned off the area and were searching for possible accomplices of the bomber , the statement added .
Islamic militants ruled the picturesque Swat Valley from 2007 until a massive military operation routed them from the area in 2009 . The operation involved evacuating 2 million people from the valley . They were able later to return to their homes .
Pakistani Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and other political leaders condemned the attack . Abbasi pledged that the country 's security forces will “ fight until the last terrorist is eliminated . ”
COCONUT CREEK , Fla. — The Latest on the commission investigating the Florida high school massacre ( all times local ) :
11:15 a.m .
A commission investigating the Florida high school massacre has learned that faulty classroom designs and police radio and 911 systems contributed to the chaos and possibly to some of the 17 deaths .
The Broward Sheriff 's Office told the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Commission at its first meeting Tuesday that teachers could n't lock their classroom doors from the inside as they tried to lock down their students Feb. 14 . They had to open their doors and use a key to lock them from the outside .
The doors also had small windows , allowing the gunman to fire into the locked classrooms .
Broward sheriff 's radios were not on the same channel as Coral Springs police , the two primary agencies that responded . Attempts to merge the radio channels failed , preventing the two departments from sharing information . Coral Springs and Broward are also on separate 911 systems . Calls were coming into both .
——
9 a.m .
A commission is investigating how law enforcement and other state agencies responded to a deadly shooting at a Florida high school .
The Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Commission held its first meeting Tuesday . The 16 members appointed by Gov . Rick Scott will question school and mental health officials . They also will hear from the Broward Sheriff 's Office about how it handled the Feb. 14 shooting that left 17 dead and 17 wounded .
Commission members include law enforcement administrators , education officials , a state senator , a mental health counsellor and the fathers of victims Alex Schachter , Meadow Pollack and Aliana Petty . The members were appointed by Scott , state House Speaker Richard Corcoran and Senate President Joe Negron .
The commission 's final report is due Jan. 1 .
Here 's what to watch , stream and procrastinate with this weekend .
“ Blade Runner 2049 ” ( in theaters Oct. 6 )
The nearly three-hour runtime is not for the faint of heart , nor for those immune to the charms ( and meme potential ) of Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford . But if you can sit through “ Titanic , ” you can weather “ Blade Runner 2049 , ” and probably enjoy it , too . Recently-released films like “ Cars 3 ” and “ Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Men Tell No Tales ” have given sequels a bad rap , but “ 2049 , ” whose release marks 35 years since the original “ Blade Runner , ” is poised to overcome this .
“ Once Upon a Time ” season 7 ( ABC , Oct. 6 )
Most “ Once Upon a Time ” fans can pinpoint the heartbreaking moment at which they decided the show was too convoluted to continue ( mine was when the Wicked Witch of the West impregnated themselves with Robin Hood 's baby ) . It seems almost every Storybrooke standby came to similar a conclusion last season , as Jennifer Morrison , Ginnifer Goodwin , Josh Dallas and pretty much everyone you liked besides Lana Parrilla and Colin O'Donoghue jumped ship . But for those still watching , “ Once ” is back , and Henry 's a grown-up Uber driver . Probably pays better than being Geppetto 's assistant or a dalmatian dog walker .
“ The Mountain Between Us ” ( in theaters Oct. 6 )
Think “ Hatchet , ” but on a mountain , in the snow , with Idris Elba and Kate Winslet . Whether or not their chemistry and untouchable talent can hold up this seemingly run-of-the-mill survival story is up to you , but it might be worth finding out .
“ 90 Day Fiancé ” season 5 ( TLC , Oct. 8 )
To say TLC has produced some questionable reality shows in the past is an understatement . “ 90 Day Fiancé ” is no exception , but it is my favorite , does not exploit children ( on the pageant circuit or otherwise ) and brings unprecedented drama while following a handful of couples likely falling into green-card marriages . Somehow , Nicole and Azan 's relationship did not disintegrate between seasons , and they 're back — last time we watched them learn what their fiancé 's home country of Morocco was , and this season , we get to see them tested as a parent . Amen .
daviskn3 @ miamioh.edu
@ kirbdavis
Comments
Whistleblower Bill vital to war against corruption – Dogara
The Speaker of the House of Representatives , Mr Yakubu Dogara , said the Bill for an Act to protect Whistleblowers was a vital tool for the war against corruption in Nigeria . Dogara said this in Abuja on Tuesday at a workshop organised for the House of Representatives Committee on Financial Crimes and members of the civil society on the Whistle Blowers Bill . The bill , they added , would greatly enhance disclosure of information on corrupt persons when passed by the National Assembly .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Warren County Sheriff 's Office is searching for three missing foster children .
Through investigations , police determined that Amber Smith , 17 , Jasmine Davis , 15 , and Jasmine 's baby Mya Davis , 1 , ran away from their Bowling Green home at 212 Countrywood Place on foot .
Police believe an unknown subject with a vehicle aided in the trio 's escape . All three juveniles are registered as missing persons .
Anyone with information regarding their whereabouts is encouraged to call the Warren County Sheriff 's Office at 270-842-1633 .
Copyright 2018 WSMV ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Bestselling author Patrick Gale talks to Radio Times 's Patrick Mulkern about their first TV drama , Man in an Orange Shirt . A jewel in the BBC 's Gay Britannia season , this poignant two-parter is set partly in the repressive 1940s and in 2017 , and shows a family across time conflicted by attitudes towards homosexuality .
( Pictured above : Patrick Gale with actors James McArdle and Oliver Jackson-Cohen who play Thomas and Michael )
Advertisement
Radio Times : Man in an Orange Shirt has fitted comfortably into the BBC 's Gay Britannia season but I understand that this is serendipity and it 's actually been in the planning for several years…
Patrick Gale : Absolutely . A very happy accident . The show has taken six years from first meeting to first transmission and was starting to feel like an intensely private obsession . It was originally planned as a mainstream drama for BBC1 that would just happen to focus on gay lives . I still think it 's mainstream and just happens to be about gay people and the families they 're born into – a bit like my novels .
RT : Episode one achieved respectable overnight ratings on BBC2 ( 1.16m ) , was trending on Twitter and widely acclaimed by viewers and critics . How do you feel about the reception it 's gained ?
Patrick Gale : It has been amazing . I 'm getting all this incredibly moving feedback from viewers who felt their lives or their parents ' lives have been reflected back at them . I suspect my publishers are pretty pleased as well !
RT : The BBC gave you a broad commission to write a drama that encompasses the gay experience over the past century . How daunting was that and how did you hone the approach you 've taken ?
Patrick Gale : It was a huge , slightly overwhelming commission and a massively flattering one . I began with a far less commercial proposition – three dramas set in three different periods which would be linked by the painting of the title , the cottage where each love story plays out and by having the same group of actors play parallel roles . I was encouraged to find ways of linking the stories more and that set me homing in on the psychology and emotion rather than the politics or the history . But , as we 're often told , the personal is political , and it 's often more effective to tell such stories from a deeply personal , close-up perspective as that 's , after all , the way we tend to experience the effect of politics and history on our lives .
RT : You 've been remarkably candid about the drama being inspired by a secret in your own family 's past when , long ago , your mother discovered and burned love letters your father had received from another man . What qualms did you have about revealing publicly a matter so private to your parents ?
Patrick Gale : I had huge qualms . My father had already died when I began developing the show and it was partly an act of mourning to reach imaginatively deep into the most secret , hidden part of their story . My mother died two years ago – during development – which relieved me of another layer of inhibition . Two of my siblings are still alive and understandably were concerned that I was exposing to public view a story my father believed they had taken to their grave as a secret . However , the overwhelmingly warm response the show has received makes me feel I did the right thing . Their sad secret turns out to be one that was shared by many a 1940s or 1950s marriage . I was especially keen to show , through Flora , how anti-gay legislation had a devastating effect on the lives of many heterosexual women .
RT : Yes , on the surface this could be perceived as a “ gay drama ” focusing on two male couples ( Thomas and Michael , then Adam and Steve ) finding true love in different times , but it also strikes me as Flora 's story more than anyone else 's . They are the constant between the two episodes , played by Joanna Vanderham in the postwar period and Vanessa Redgrave in 2017 .
Patrick Gale : I 've always loved writing women characters because so often women 's lives seem to be more multilayered than men 's ones , and far more complex . Through Flora I wanted to explore not only the terrible compromises the criminalisation of homosexuality forced into the lives of one in ten women ( if you include mothers and grandmothers alongside wives ) but also the roots of homophobia in buried shame and fear . It was icing on the cake to have two such incredibly versatile actors then bring Flora to life .
RT : Several of your novels cross time and depict a family in different decades . Rough Music ( 2000 ) builds a narrative between the present and 1968 ; The Facts of Life ( 1995 ) progresses from a couple in the 40s to their grandchildren in the 90s… This approach works beautifully in Man in an Orange Shirt , but I realised there 's almost 70 years between the first and second films . Vanessa Redgrave , now 80 , was actually a child in the war years . Did you have to telescope time to facilitate the story you wanted to tell ?
Patrick Gale : Not really . I 've always believed that if multi-timeframe narratives are to work , then each strand has to be able to stand alone as its own self-contained drama . I write my multi-stranded novels that way – one period or one character at a time – and the same was true here . Each episode was conceived as its own story arc with its own concerns and only then did I come to pick out and emphasise the echoes between them . Old Flora is a very different woman to their younger self . They have spent the best part of their lifetime pretending , policing their responses , guarding against letting their vulnerability or secret shame show through a formidable exterior self .
RT : It 's intriguing that in an age where the word “ pride ” is so closely associated with LGBT identity , you chose shame as the key theme that ripples across time . It 's clear why Michael would have felt shame in the repressive 1940s , but in 2017 their grandson Adam tells Flora , “ I 've been ashamed my whole life. ” Why did you take that angle and how difficult was it to pull off in the present climate of assumed equality and openness ?
Patrick Gale : I knew I wanted to write about homophobia and at least one of its common causes and I feel strongly that homophobia is enabled , time and again , by a sense of shame hardwired in childhood into most LGBT people , a sense that they are somehow deserving of less respect or of worse treatment and a sense that they need to work harder than straight people at being perfect . You need only glance at a gay dating app to see that gay shame is alive and well – even in a sophisticated metropolis there are countless men hiding their faces and asking for “ discretion ” . As gay men go , I was an early developer , with gay friends in my teens and a lucky one , with a family who did n't overtly reject me . Yet my sexuality was never acknowledged or discussed and the abiding sense of discomfort , embarrassment even , caused me to develop terrible eczema which lasted until the month I finally left home for university . It was that burden of loving disgust that I wanted to explore in my 21st-century story ; it 's the story of gay man who appears to be functioning in the gay world , and yet is barely functioning on an emotional level because there are so many things in their life that are going unacknowledged and they have such a terror of intimacy and commitment .
RT : Adam is a wonderfully complex character . He 's compassionate and kind , a vet , has a cushy home-life in a London townhouse with their gran ; but he 's also deeply unhappy , a sex addict and commitment-phobe , a slave to their dating app . What are you telling us about some modern gay behaviour ?
Advertisement
Patrick Gale : I made it clear from the moment I accepted the commission that I was n't interested in writing anything straightforwardly celebratory . I wanted to challenge gay viewers as much as straight ones and I designed episode two to be profoundly uncomfortable watching for anyone tempted to believe that equality under the law is the end of the story . Yes , there are hundreds of well-adjusted gay people out there , truly loved and supported by their families and with emotional lives that are integrated into their work lives and so on . But there are also still a great many people who do n't feel able to be out at work , or to their parents and who – at great cost to their mental health – tell themselves that this is perfectly okay . If viewers do n't let out involuntary sighs or sobs at the moment when Steve finally takes away the nail brush from Adam 's neurotic grip and gently washes them with a flannel , I 'll have failed in my attempt to get this message across .
Kumasi based rapper , YPee
Kumasi based rapper Nana Yaw Agyeman popularly known as YPee is set to hit the Brong Ahafo Region with the radio tour of their new single which features Yaa Pono .
The rapper who is currently promoting their new single will be hitting about Six ( 6 ) radio stations in Sunyani namely Sky FM , Angel Fm , Storm FM , Greena FM , among others on Friday October 6th and Saturday 7th .
This also comes off as a pre-promo of theirs yet to be released ‘ Survival ' album which is slated for this December .
YPee is currently signed to XTwo Entertainment and is gradually becoming a household name .
The two-day radio tour in Sunyani is aimed at expanding their audience reach and gaining more airplay in the region .
قالب وردپرس
Comments
On Sunday , December 10 at 4 p.m. the First Baptist Church of Horseshoe Bend Choir will present , Night of the Father 's Love by Pepper Choplin .
Everyone is invited to come and share this worshipful and beautiful re-telling of the Christmas story with narration and music .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Salah to hang around to make history at Liverpool – Henderson
Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson is confident Mohamed Salah will not be lured away from Anfield in the same manner the Egyptian was tempted from Roma last year .
Salah has surpassed all expectations since their then-club record 42 million-euro ( £37 million , $ 52 million ) move back to the Premier League last June and will face their old club in the first leg of Liverpool 's Champions League semi-final on Tuesday .
An incredible return of 41 goals in 46 appearances saw Salah crowned the Premier League Players ' Player of the Year on Sunday .
However , unlike Liverpool stars of recent seasons such as Luis Suarez and Philippe Coutinho , who were attracted by the glamour of a move to Barcelona , Henderson hopes Salah is convinced to stay by the growing momentum at Liverpool and the belief they can compete for major trophies under Jurgen Klopp .
“ He 's a fantastic player , obviously he 's up there with the world 's best and there will be other clubs that want to take them away , ” said Henderson .
“ But he 's in a great place with a great set of lads , great team , with a great manager , going in the right direction . We want to create our own history here and I 'm sure Mo will want to be part of that for many years to come . ”
Roma co-owner James Pallotta recognised this week that Liverpool did n't even have to beat off much competition to Salah 's signature , as they had only shown inconsistent flashes of their full potential in two years in the Italian capital .
– Klopp 's ‘ privileged ' players –
Klopp is credited with finding the system to bring the best out of Salah .
And having led Liverpool back to the last four of the Champions League for the first time in a decade , Henderson said their team-mates feel “ privileged ” to work with the German .
“ He 's one of the best managers in the world . First and foremost tactically it goes without question how knowledgeable they are within the game , you can see that in the performances , the style of play and how we play football , ” they added .
“ Off the field he 's a fantastic human . Very genuine , has a great passion for football and that transcends throughout the team .
“ He always keeps you on your toes , always looking for more , they never wants the standards to drop no matter who we are playing . He 's an amazing manager and everybody in the squad feels privileged to be working with him . ”
Roma have had to wait even longer for a European Cup semi-final with their last appearance coming 34 years ago when they beat Dundee United but went on to lose to Liverpool in the final .
The manner in which they reached the semi-finals even outshone Liverpool 's 5-1 quarter-final thrashing of Premier League champions Manchester City as Roma came back from a 4-1 first leg deficit against Barcelona thanks to a 3-0 second leg victory masterminded by Roma 's own impressive coach in Eusebio Di Francesco .
But apart from their physical similarities , Di Francesco — who is making their debut as a coach in the Champions League this season — believes they have a long way to go to earn comparisons with Klopp .
“ As Klopp mentioned there are similarities in that we both wear glasses and have a beard , ” they joked . “ But I very much like their outlook .
“ I am concerned we play a team coached by such a great manager . Klopp has proved himself , has won already titles , but I have great ambitions . ”
The post Salah to hang around to make history at Liverpool – Henderson appeared first on Vanguard News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share
Photoshop 's healing brush can use surrounding pixels to repair an image or remove an object — but what if the surrounding pixels do n't have enough data to fill in those holes ? Researchers from Nvidia recently used artificial intelligence to help fill in those gaps to create a tool similar to the healing brush tool that is able to intelligently fill in missing pieces , a technique called image inpainting for irregular holes using partial convolutions — here 's hoping Nvidia comes up with a nickname before making the tool widely accessible .
Nvidia is n't the first to try to reinvent the healing brush using A.I. , but the researchers say that earlier attempts left artifacts and blur . Rather than using full convolutional filter responses to those holes , Nvidia instead created a partial convolution method — in other words , the software creates a layer that renormalizes the pixels to create a more normal looking image without those artifacts . The new program also uses an automatically generated layer masks .
Unlike the traditional healing brush tool that only uses surrounding pixels to determine what to fill in the gap with , Nvidia trained its tool using three different sets of images , resulting in thousands of images to train the tool with . The researchers randomly applied masks to intentionally remove sections of images to those groups of photos . By showing the computer both the before and after , the program could learn how to fill in some of those gaps . “ Our model can robustly handle holes of any shape , size location or distance from the image borders , ” the researchers wrote . “ Further , our performance does not deteriorate catastrophically as holes increase in size . ”
While more robust than previous attempts , the researchers said that the tool struggles with the largest holes and images without a lot of structure .
The research could bring some significant changes to photo editing if the tool makes its way into an image editor . Nvidia 's program , for example , could replace an eye in an old , damaged portrait , even without the other eye to replicate . The resulting eye , of course , is n't the same eye — in one example , the replaced eye is an entirely different color . In the demonstration video , the program also appears to give a young woman and an older gentleman the same pair of eyes .
While giving a person different features using the database of images should raise ethical considerations for portraits , the concept could speed up the process of removing distractions from other types of images . The tool could potentially help remove objects in photographs , such as removing power lines or signs from the background , with more accuracy than current tools .
The concert , “ An Evening with the Eagles , ” will be held at the KFC Yum ! Center on Oct. 24 . ( Source : WAVE 3 News )
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) – The Eagles are coming to Louisville .
The concert , “ An Evening with the Eagles , ” will be held at the KFC Yum ! Center on Oct. 24 .
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app : Apple | Android
+ Weather app : Apple | Android
Tickets for the event will go on sale Aug. 19 at 10 a.m .
For more information , click here .
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
Suffolk Police have warned of possible delays in the A14 in tomorrow 's rush hour as they escort a 76 tonne abnormal load through the county to Felixstowe Docks .
The 5.66m wide , 18.05m long and 4.42m high cases will be met by their Suffolk Police escort at 9am on Tuesday at A1303 Quy Bridge layby east of Cambridge .
The load will join the A14 at junction 35 , Cambridge East , and take the road to the Felixstowe Dock exit where it will use local roads to the docks .
DJ Lambo becomes first female president of Choc Boi Nation
E60buzz ( press release ) ( blog )
Nigerian DJ and hype man , Olawunmi Okerayi , well known by their stage name DJ Lambo has being appointed as the first female president of Choc Boi Nation , one of the flagship labels under Chocolate City Music . Chocolate City Music led by veteran rapper …
and more »
At least six dead in Mogadishu restaurant suicide bombing
Mogadishu , Somalia | AFP | At least six people were killed after a suicide car bomber targeted a popular restaurant in the Somali capital Mogadishu on Wednesday evening , security officials said .
“ The suicide bomber drove a car loaded with explosives into the building , ” said Ali Mohamed , a police official , identifying the target as the Posh Treats restaurant .
Security official Abukar Mohamed said there were “ six people killed and several wounded ” adding that the operation to clear the building was ongoing late Wednesday night with security forces having cordoned off the area .
Witness Abas Ahmed , who was at another nearby restaurant when the explosion happened , described seeing “ the dead bodies of several people and others who were injured . ”
The Shabaab , an al-Qaeda aligned militant group that launches regular suicide attacks in the capital against civilian , government and military targets , claimed responsibility for the bombing via its Radio Andalus broadcaster and said that its gunmen had afterwards stormed the restaurant compound .
Islamist attacks often increase in tempo during Ramadan and Wednesday 's bombing came in the evening after the breaking of the fast when mosques and restaurants are busy .
Posh Treats , a relatively new restaurant in an affluent part of the capital , is particularly popular with young and diaspora Somalis .
The Shabaab has been fighting for the last decade to overthrow successive internationally-backed governments in Mogadishu and has also launched attacks in Kenya and Uganda , both contributors to a 22,000-strong African Union force in the country .
Although pushed out of the capital in 2011 the group still controls parts of the countryside where a drought threatens to tip into famine this year .
TWITTER UPDATES
SOMALIA : Loud blasts and gunfire can be heard near Pizza house restuarent , AS militants are still inside the restuarent-sources . 17 pple dead — Hussein Mohamed ( @ HussienM12 ) June 15 , 2017
Desperate # AlShabaab Terrorists attack Posh Treat & Pizza House # Mogadishu Security Forces at the scene # Somalia many hostages feared dead pic.twitter.com/rF7onv4gwm — Dahir Kulane ( @ Dahirkulane ) June 15 , 2017
The post At least six dead in Mogadishu restaurant suicide bombing appeared first on The Independent Uganda : .
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda : . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CAIRO — Arab foreign ministers on Sunday demanded that the United States rescind President Donald Trump 's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , calling it a “ grave ” development that puts Washington on the same side as “ occupation ” and the violation of international law .
In a resolution long on rhetoric but short on concrete actions , the ministers also called for the U.N. Security Council to adopt a resolution condemning Trump 's decision , but acknowledged that Washington would most likely veto it .
If the U.S. vetoes the resolution , the Arabs would seek a similar resolution in the U.N. General Assembly , Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad Al-Maliki told a pre-dawn news conference in Cairo .
A two-page resolution adopted by the emergency meeting , which began Saturday night , did not include any punitive actions against the United States , like a call for a boycott of American products or suspending or downgrading ties with Washington .
It also appeared to fall short of matching the anger felt by Palestinians in the Gaza Strip and West Bank , which have seen three days of violent protests against Trump 's decision .
“ We have taken a political decision not meant to reflect ( what is going on in ) the streets . Political work is responsible work , ” said Arab League chief Ahmed Aboul-Gheit . “ Jerusalem has been occupied for 50 years . This is an extended battle , a battle that will be escalated , ” they told the news conference .
The resolution said the ministers would meet again within a month and held out the possibility that an emergency Arab summit would be held in Jordan to discuss Jerusalem .
Trump 's Dec. 6 announcement on Jerusalem , and their intention to move the U.S. Embassy there , triggered denunciations from around the world , with even close allies suggesting they had needlessly stirred more conflict in an already volatile region . Jerusalem 's status lies at the core of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , and Trump 's move was widely perceived as siding with Israel . Even small crises over Jerusalem 's status and that of the holy sites in its ancient Old City have sparked deadly bloodshed in the past .
Arab diplomats said some Arab League members had wanted a more hard-line resolution , including punitive measures against countries that follow the U.S. example and recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital .
That was considered too radical by moderate Arab nations and eventually dropped , according to the diplomats who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief the media .
But Al-Maliki , the Palestinian Foreign Minister , sought to play down differences , saying the meeting produced “ complete ” unity among Arab nations .
“ There were differences in assessment when we moved to specifying measures , ” they said . “ But in the end we agreed on gradually escalating measures . ”
Both Aboul-Gheit and Al-Maliki said Arab nations remained committed to a 2002 Arab peace plan that provides for recognition of Israel in exchange for lands occupied by Israel in the 1967 Middle East war .
“ That plan is a key reference in the Middle East peace process , ” Al-Maliki told the news conference .
Trump 's decision , according to the Arab resolution , was “ illegal ” and a “ dangerous violation ” of international law . “ It 's a dangerous development that places the United States at a position of bias in favour of the occupation and the violation of international law and resolutions . ”
Israel occupied and later annexed the eastern part of Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war , declaring the holy city its eternal capital . Palestinians want that part to be the capital of their future state .
Trump 's decision , said the resolution , also stripped the U.S. of its role as a “ sponsor and broker ” in the Mideast peace process , and “ undermines efforts to bring about peace , deepens tension and will spark anger that will threaten to push the region to the edge of the abyss of violence , chaos and bloodshed . ”
The resolution adopted by the ministers reiterated that only the creation of an independent Palestinian state with east Jerusalem as its capital would end the Arab-Israeli conflict . It also mandated the Arab League to launch an “ international media campaign ” explaining the “ gravity ” of the American decision .
During a 2 1/2-hour session carried live on regional and local TV networks , the ministers gave speech after speech on the issue of Jerusalem , with comments ranging from blasting Trump 's decision to the need for concrete action to musings on whether fiery speeches would change anything .
“ If we do nothing about this one ( Trump 's decision ) , there will be many , many more tragedies , ” warned Iraq 's foreign minister , Ibrahim al-Jaafari . “ No normalization ( with Israel ) and no compromises . ”
Al-Jaafari later told reporters they thought the resolution did not match the seriousness of the situation over Jerusalem and that Baghdad would at a later date lodge its “ reservations ” with the Arab league .
Addressing the meeting , Lebanon 's foreign minister , Gibran Bassil , suggested that there might be a silver lining in the latest crisis to hit an Arab world locked in conflict with Israel for nearly 70 years .
“ Could this calamity bring us together and wake us from our slumber ? ” they told the meeting .
Karim Benzema Believes Eden Hazard Would Be A ‘ Good Signing ' For Real Madrid
Karim Benzema says they would welcome the arrival of Eden Hazard at Real Madrid .
Chelsea winger Eden Hazard is reportedly on Madrid 's transfer wishlist ahead of the forthcoming summer transfer window and Benzema admits the Belgium international would be a “ great signing ” .
Speaking to Telefoot , they said : “ Hazard is a great player . What do you want me to tell you ? I do not know what the rumours say about Hazard and Real Madrid , but obviously Hazard would be a great signing . ”
Hazard has been one of the star performers for Chelsea this season and has been instrumental in helping them move towards regaining the Premier League title .
The post Karim Benzema Believes Eden Hazard Would Be A ‘ Good Signing ' For Real Madrid appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Enugu Okadamen ground Udenu , Igbo-Eze over member 's murder
By Chinedu Adonu
ENUGU—Motorcycle riders , popularly known as Okada , grounded commercial activities in Obollo-Afor , Udenu and Enugu Ezike in Igboeze North Local Government Area of Enugu State yesterday , over the murder of one of their colleagues by the Police at Enugu Ezike .
The deceased , Bitrus Ugwuanyi , who hailed from Ikpamodo in the area , was allegedly murdered by one Sergeant , following dispute over N50 bribe last week .
It was gathered that Ugwuanyi , who was conveying a pregnant woman on their motorcycle , took a detour through a bush path to avoid the payment of the N50 , when they sighted police officers at a checkpoint at Ekposhi , Enugu Ezike .
Sources said that the Sergeant abandoned their colleagues and went after Ugwuanyi .
The source added that an altercation ensured between them in the bush after the Okadaman complained that they could not pay because the trip was their first trip of the day .
It was alleged that the police officer struggled for Ugwuanyi 's motorcycle keys , leading to a fracas , which ended in their death .
During the protest yesterday , the protesters carried placards with inscriptions like “ Inspector General of Police , investigate Bitrus murder , ” “ Bitrus is not a criminal ; Bitrus ' killer is a murderer ” and Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi should protect Okadamen from killer police officers , ” among others .
The leader of the protesters , Hyacinth Ezeugwu , later told the Divisional Police Officer , DPO , Igbo-Eze North Local Government Area , that they embarked on the peaceful demonstration to register their anger over the death of their member .
They urged the police to ensure that justice prevailed by conducting thorough investigation .
The post Enugu Okadamen ground Udenu , Igbo-Eze over member 's murder appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Business News of Monday , 14 August 2017
Source : GNA
2017-08-14
The participants were presented with laptop computers and other items by Vodafone Ghana Foundation
A five-day coding and technology training workshop to build the capacity of women in internet security and innovation has been held in Cape Coast .
It was organized by Vodafone Ghana Foundation – the charitable arm of Vodafone Ghana and brought together 30 female scholars .
They were introduced to basic coding skills , including the language of the internet and how to build a website .
They additionally received training in financial intelligence , networking and career guidance .
Mr. Ebenezer Amankwah , Vodafone 's Corporate Relations Manager , indicated that the power of information technology was transforming the entire world and said the nation 's youth “ could not be left behind by this revolution ” .
“ Technology has become a catalyst in the transformation of the global eco-system and no one should be left behind in harnessing its power and benefits .
As a company , our strategy has always been clear – we want to be at the forefront of bringing this knowledge and empowerment to life across Ghana . ”
Mr. Amankwah said other initiatives would soon be unveiled “ to give true meaning to our strategy . ”
The participants were presented with laptop computers and other items by Vodafone Ghana Foundation at the end of the training .
FG Moves To Boost Power Supply , Ratifies $ 186.6m Afam Power Plant
By Jonathan Nda- Isaiah
In a bid to improve power supply in the country , the Federal government yesterday ratified the Afam emergency fast power plant .
This was disclosed by the Minister of Power , works and Housing , Babatunde Fashola after the Federal executive council meeting presided over by acting President , Yemi Osinbajo at the Presidential Villa .
Fashola said the council ratified the earlier approval given for General Electric to undertake that project so that the country can complete 240MW of emergency power through 830MW turbines this year .
They further stated that council also approved the contract for the construction and rehabilitation of the sub-station to enable the evacuation of the power , once the turbines are installed .
“ The other one is consistent with infrastructure development in the country is the memo for the Afam emergency fast power which is part of the ministry 's roadmap for incremental power to the grid .
“ The total package for the Afam power plant is $ 186.6million and the contract for the substation is $ 2.207million for the components that are offshore and N133.184million for the local components .
Fashola also said FEC gave approval for the reimbursement of Kwara State government to undertake the construction of the Kayamakishe road which is a road that serves the Agricultural belt that produces Agro Product between Oyo and Kwara state .
They said Kwara state has applied to be allowed to take that road on the basis that they will be refunded at sometime in the future .
” We have actually received anticipatory approval from Mr. President and Council has ratified that approval for them to continue . The road contract is N7.943billion , they added .
The post FG Moves To Boost Power Supply , Ratifies $ 186.6m Afam Power Plant appeared first on leadership.ng .
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HOUSTON ( AP ) — Although James Harden is Houston 's undisputed star , they ca n't top Russell Westbrook entirely on their own .
As is so often the case , Patrick Beverley was there for support Sunday night .
Harden scored 37 points to outshine Westbrook , and the Rockets pulled away in the third quarter and coasted to a 118-87 victory over the Oklahoma City Thunder in Game 1 of their first-round playoff series .
Harden had nine assists and seven rebounds , and Beverley , who had the unenviable task of guarding Westbrook , had a playoff career-best 21 points along with 10 rebounds .
Beverley 's performance was nothing new to Harden , who has had a front row seat to their work for years .
“ That 's the reason we 're in the position we 're in , ” Harden said . “ He brings it every game . Whether their shot is falling or not , they bring that intensity , that resolve . They were just Pat tonight . ”
The best-of-seven Western Conference series continues Wednesday night in Houston .
The third-seeded Rockets were up by 20 when Harden came off the bench with about seven minutes remaining . They went right to work — making two 3-pointers to power a 10-0 run and push the lead to 110-80 with 4 1/2 minutes left . Harden , who along with Westbrook is a front-runner for MVP , went to the bench , and both teams cleared their benches soon after that .
Westbrook had 22 points , 11 rebounds and seven assists , but made just 6 of 23 shots and had nine turnovers for the sixth-seeded Thunder .
“ We 've got to do a better job starting with myself — got to do a better job of taking care of the basketball and making some shots , ” Westbrook said .
Beverley refused to take credit for slowing Westbrook down .
“ It was a team effort in just trying to show them a lot of bodies , ” they said . “ He 's one of the most explosive guards in this league , so we were just trying to make it tough on him . ”
The Thunder trailed by 15 entering the fourth quarter , and six straight points by the Rockets extended the lead to 100-78 with about 7 1/2 minutes remaining . Lou Williams scored the first four points in that span , and Beverley found Clint Capela on an alley-oop dunk .
The Rockets scored the first five points of the second half to push their lead to 10 early in the third quarter . After a timeout , Oklahoma City scored the next eight points with 3s from Westbrook and Andre Roberson to cut it to 64-62 with about 8 1/2 minutes left in the quarter .
Houston scored the next nine points , capped by consecutive 3-pointers by Beverley to make it 73-64 midway through the period .
Beverley went to the bench soon after that to a huge ovation and a high five from Houston Texans star J.J. Watt , who watched the game from a courtside seat .
Thunder coach Billy Donovan raved about Beverley .
“ He played a very , very good game , ” Donavan said . “ I thought they impacted the game way , way more with their energy , their effort , their hustle , their loose balls , their offensive rebounding , keeping balls alive . That 's where they really did a great job . ”
Westbrook ended a scoring drought of almost 3 1/2 minutes for the Thunder with a layup , but Houston used an 8-2 spurt — highlighted by a 3 from Eric Gordon — to push the lead to 81-68 with just more than three minutes remaining in the third .
Harden made a pair of free throws to cap the third quarter and leave Houston up 89-74 entering the fourth .
For Houston coach Mike D'Antoni , it 's the first postseason win since April 27 , 2008 , with Phoenix . D'Antoni 's teams were swept in the first round in their last two trips to the playoffs in 2011 with the Knicks and 2013 with the Lakers .
Houston 's victory comes after the team went 3-1 in the regular season against the Thunder .
The Rockets led 59-54 at halftime .
TIP-INS
Thunder : Roberson added 18 points with seven rebounds . … Oklahoma City , which led the NBA in rebounding in the regular season , was outrebounded 56-41 . … Jerami Grant had 10 points .
Rockets : Capela missed a few minutes in the second quarter to receive three stitches in their lip . They had 14 points and seven rebounds . … Nene had 15 points . … Houston had 31 second-chance points to just four by the Thunder .
THEY SAID IT
Thunder center Steven Adams on Oklahoma City 's performance : “ We were just trash on the reads , on the pick-and-rolls . We were just absolutely garbage . We just have to go back to the drawing board and figure it out before Game 2 . ”
PUTTING THE WIN IN PERSPECTIVE
D'Antoni wants to make sure that their team realizes it still has a lot of work to do despite its big win .
“ All we did is defend our home court , and that 's what we 're supposed to do , ” they said . “ It 's nice to play well and get the win because you have to , but this is just one little step … in the big scheme of things . I 'm sure they 'll bounce back , and we 've got to be ready to go . ”
UP NEXT
Oklahoma City will remain in Houston for two days of practice before Game 2 on Wednesday night at the Toyota Center .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
Entertainment of Saturday , 7 October 2017
Source : Yen.com.gh
2017-10-07
Onaapo singer , David ‘ Dee ' Aja , met former President John Mahama at the Ovation Carols Night
Singer of ‘ Onaapo ' , the popular 2016 campaign song of the National Democratic Congress ( NDC ) has joined the many people calling on former President John Mahama to stage a comeback for the presidency in the 2020 elections .
Not only is the musician , David ‘ Dee ' Aja urging former President Mahama to contest the NDC flabearership in order to lead the party in the elections , they have threatened to go naked if the former president failed to contest .
“ If John Mahama do not come [ and ] I think they will come . But if you decide not to come , know that I am going on a naked strike ” , they said in a video interview .
The NDC 's next presidential primaries is scheduled to take place next year and already names such as Alban Bagbin , Professor Joshua Alabi , Nii Amasa Naamoale , and Slyvester Mensah have popped .
Former President Mahama is yet to declare their intention to contest for the flagbeareship position but the Onaapo singer who was also behind the 2012 NDC campaign song , ‘ John Mahama dey bee ' is optimistic that the ‘ Onaapo father ' as they referred to the former president will not disappoint their supporters .
” I am waiting for you . Ghanaians are waiting for you and your people are crying for you and I know you are coming ” , they said in the video posted on ghanacrusader .
By The Associated Press
BOYS BASKETBALL=
Columbus Christian 63 , Southside Christian 48
Indpls Howe 114 , Indpls Northwest 79
S. Newton 41 , Dwight , Ill. 20
GIRLS BASKETBALL=
Sectionals=
Semifinal=
Class 4A=
1 . Crown Point=
E. Chicago Central 45 , Crown Point 33
2 . Kankakee Valley=
Kankakee Valley 61 , Michigan City 55
3 . Penn=
S. Bend St. Joseph 's 55 , LaPorte 40
Penn 65 , S. Bend Riley 35
4 . Concord=
Elkhart Central 54 , Northridge 52
Elkhart Memorial 38 , Warsaw 35
5 . Carroll ( Ft. Wayne ) =
Ft. Wayne Northrop 82 , Ft. Wayne North 35
Carroll ( Ft. Wayne ) 89 , DeKalb 71
6 . Ft. Wayne South=
Muncie Central 49 , Ft. Wayne Wayne 32
Ft. Wayne South 76 , Huntington North 59
7 . Logansport=
Zionsville 74 , Logansport 32
Lafayette Jeff 70 , Kokomo 48
8 . Fishers=
Hamilton Southeastern 60 , Fishers 35
Carmel 50 , Noblesville 45
9 . Connersville=
Mt . Vernon ( Fortville ) 47 , Pendleton Hts . 40 , OT
New Palestine 43 , Greenfield 32
10 . Lawrence North=
Indpls N. Central 66 , Indpls Tech 24
Warren Central 53 , Heritage Christian 41
11 . Perry Meridian=
Indpls Ben Davis 71 , Southport 58
Indpls Pike 56 , Indpls Perry Meridian 37
12 . Avon=
Brownsburg 56 , Avon 42
Plainfield 36 , Mooresville 33
Martinsville 75 , Greenwood 41
13 . Franklin Central=
Center Grove 55 , Franklin 43
14 . E. Central=
Columbus East 39 , Columbus North 29
E. Central 56 , Bloomington North 33
15 . Seymour=
Bedford N. Lawrence 50 , New Albany 49
Jeffersonville 66 , Floyd Central 22
16 . Ev . Central=
Castle 64 , Ev . Harrison 38
Ev . North 49 , Ev . Central 38
Class 3A=
17 . Gary West=
Gary West 73 , Hammond 52
18 . Knox=
Twin Lakes 58 , Rensselaer 52
19 . Glenn=
Glenn 48 , S. Bend Washington 34
Mishawaka Marian 82 , Jimtown 35
20 . Frankfort=
W. Lafayette 43 , Frankfort 41
Northwestern 83 , Peru 21
21 . Fairfield=
Wawasee 40 , Tippecanoe Valley 39
Fairfield 40 , NorthWood 32
22 . Ft. Wayne Dwenger=
Ft. Wayne Concordia 43 , Leo 23
Angola 57 , Ft. Wayne Dwenger 53
23 . Bellmont=
Ft. Wayne Luers 60 , Columbia City 27
Marion 45 , Bellmont 34
24 . Blackford=
Yorktown 60 , New Castle 57 , OT
Hamilton Hts . 57 , Jay Co. 45
25 . Crawfordsville=
Greencastle 63 , Southmont 35
Benton Central 67 , N. Montgomery 24
26 . Owen Valley=
Owen Valley 61 , Brown Co. 54
S. Vermillion 69 , W. Vigo 45
27 . Indpls Brebeuf=
Indpls Attucks 40 , Indpls Chatard 38
Indpls Ritter 49 , Guerin Catholic 39
28 . Indpls Manual=
Tri-West 60 , Beech Grove 56 , OT
Danville 55 , Indian Creek 40
29 . S. Dearborn=
Greensburg 55 , Rushville 46
Batesville 56 , Lawrenceburg 50
30 . Salem=
Scottsburg 43 , Silver Creek 34 , OT
Salem 52 , Brownstown 40
31 . Princeton=
Vincennes 65 , Sullivan 37
32 . Mt . Vernon ( Posey ) =
Gibson Southern 54 , Mt . Vernon ( Posey ) 40
Class 2A=
33 . Hammond Noll=
Hammond Noll 67 , Gary Roosevelt 12
34 . Boone Grove=
N. Judson 63 , Boone Grove 34
35 . Central Noble=
Bremen 71 , Westview 46
Central Noble 68 , Prairie Hts . 18
36 . Eastside=
Bluffton 39 , Adams Central 22
Ft. Wayne Canterbury 54 , Eastside 41
37 . Oak Hill=
N. Miami 50 , Wabash 44
Oak Hill 54 , Manchester 27
38 . Lafayette Catholic=
Lafayette Catholic 66 , Covington 23
Delphi 50 , Clinton Prairie 35
39 . Alexandria=
Eastern ( Greentown ) 51 , Taylor 43
Tipton 58 , Eastbrook 29
40 . Frankton=
Frankton 72 , Elwood 46
Monroe Central 69 , Sheridan 37
41 . Northeastern=
Winchester 55 , Union Co. 25
Cambridge City 51 , Northeastern 44
42 . Triton Central=
Shenandoah 46 , Eastern Hancock 40
Triton Central 61 , Knightstown 34
43 . Indpls Shortridge=
Covenant Christian 43 , Speedway 27
Indpls Park Tudor 56 , Indpls Scecina 43
44 . Cascade=
Cascade 50 , Monrovia 34
S. Putnam 54 , Western Boone 53
45 . S. Ripley=
Milan 41 , Southwestern ( Shelby ) 39
S. Ripley 59 , N. Decatur 38
46 . Austin=
Paoli 45 , Austin 36
Providence 48 , Eastern ( Pekin ) 30
47 . N. Daviess=
N. Knox 62 , Eastern ( Greene ) 18
Linton 40 , S. Knox 37
48 . Forest Park=
N. Posey 40 , Tell City 39
Ev . Mater Dei 55 , Forest Park 37
Class 1A=
49 . Morgan Twp.=
Morgan Twp . 70 , Gary 21st Century 13
Michigan City Marquette 63 , Westville 21
50 . W. Central=
S. Newton 51 , Pioneer 45
N. White 40 , Tri-County 18
51 . Oregon-Davis=
Argos 39 , Culver 14
Oregon-Davis 45 , Triton 29
52 . Bethany Christian=
Lakeland Christian 63 , Hamilton 19
Lakewood Park 39 , Fremont 33
53 . N. Vermillion=
Rockville 58 , Turkey Run 28
Attica 60 , Faith Christian 23
54 . Clinton Central=
Tri-Central 56 , Clinton Central 34
Northfield 63 , Southwood 27
55 . Southern Wells=
Southern Wells 59 , Wes-Del 30
Liberty Christian 59 , Cowan 46
56 . Union City=
Union ( Modoc ) 50 , Tri 9
Randolph Southern 69 , Union City 50
57 . Clay City=
Clay City 48 , White River Valley 38
Bloomfield 49 , N. Central ( Farmersburg ) 34
58 . University=
Bethesda Christian 53 , Indpls International 28
University 63 , Indiana Deaf 50
59 . Greenwood Christian=
Tindley 92 , Indpls Lutheran 55
Greenwood Christian 75 , Providence Cristo Rey 36
60 . Waldron=
Jac-Cen-Del 74 , Oldenburg 30
Waldron 35 , Morristown 29
61 . S. Central ( Elizabeth ) =
S. Central ( Elizabeth ) 52 , New Washington 45
Rock Creek Academy 49 , Lanesville 43 , OT
62 . W. Washington=
W. Washington 63 , Madison Shawe 49
Trinity Lutheran 50 , Edinburgh 33
63 . Loogootee=
Vincennes Rivet 44 , Loogootee 27
Barr-Reeve 45 , Washington Catholic 28
64 . Wood Memorial=
Wood Memorial 68 , Cannelton 26
Dubois 37 , Tecumseh 27
Some high school basketball scores provided by Scorestream.com , https : //scorestream.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 's Tempe , Arizona based subsidiary , Comtech EF Data Corp. , which is part of Comtech 's Commercial Solutions segment , announced today that it has installed a Heights Network Platform for SES Networks ' hybrid resilience solution .
SES Networks will use the Heights Network Platform to deliver high-availability services to its premium customers in Asia-Pacific . The fully-managed solution leverages the wide coverage of Geostationary Earth Orbit satellites and low latency capabilities of Medium Earth Orbit satellites to provide diverse network paths that are vital in the delivery of carrier-class services . When operational , this resilient solution will enable the use of the best choice path for traffic , whether an alternative path for all of the traffic , or for traffic of the highest value . SES Networks is the newly-formed data-centric business unit of SES , the world-leading satellite operator .
Designed with the service provider in mind , Heights is a scalable satellite networking platform that meets the evolving demands of a diverse multi-tenant end user community . It addresses the needs of all major market verticals with the most network efficient and powerful platform in the industry . Height leverages a single comprehensive user interface teamed with a powerful traffic analytics engine that allows easy design , implementation , monitoring , control and optimization of networks .
Different market verticals benefit from implementing Heights by resolving many of the service challenges they face . There is the need to create service differentiation through supporting multiple business models on one platform to increase market share . Comtech EF Data 's approach is to minimize OPEX through increased bandwidth efficiency to create new revenue streams , offer better value to customers , and control CAPEX through a scalable equipment platform to maximize profits . The company 's solutions meet the increased market demand for higher throughput capabilities , support increasingly complex satellite networks , and dynamically provide global connectivity where and when customers need it .
`` We are happy to enable SES Networks to provide differentiated services via purpose-built satellite networking solutions that provide the Quality of Experience required across a number of demanding application mixes , '' said Andy Lucas , Senior Vice President of Satellite Market Verticals of Comtech EF Data . Lucas further added , `` We look forward to helping SES Networks scale its end users ' networks securely and grow its businesses over the coming years . ''
Comtech EF Data Corp. , a subsidiary of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. ( NASDAQ : CMTL ) , is the recognized global leader in satellite bandwidth efficiency and link optimization . The advanced communication solutions encompass the Heights Networking Platform , Advanced VSAT Solutions , Satellite Modems , RAN & WAN Optimization , Network & Bandwidth Management and RF products . The Company is recognized as a technology innovator , and has a reputation for exceptional product quality and reliability . The solutions enable commercial and government users to reduce OPEX/CAPEX and to increase throughput for fixed and mobile/transportable satellite-based applications . For more information , visit www.comtechefdata.com .
Comtech Telecommunications Corp. designs , develops , produces and markets innovative products , systems and services for advanced communications solutions . The Company sells products to a diverse customer base in the global commercial and government communications markets .
Certain information in this press release contains statements that are forward-looking in nature and involve certain significant risks and uncertainties . Actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking information . The Company 's Securities and Exchange Commission filings identify many such risks and uncertainties . Any forward-looking information in this press release is qualified in its entirety by the risks and uncertainties described in such Securities and Exchange Commission filings .
PCMTL
General News of Saturday , 7 October 2017
Source : citifmonline.com
2017-10-07
EC Deputy Chairperson , Georgina Opoku Amankwah
The embattled Deputy Chairperson the Electoral Commission in Charge of Finance and Administration , Georgina Opoku Amankwah , has threatened to sue the Economic and Organized Crime Office over its apparent refusal to reveal the outcome of a supposed probe into their dealings at the Commission .
The probe concerned their alleged misappropriation of the Commission 's Endowment fund , for which they were asked to proceed on leave .
Mrs. Amankwah was one of three top EC officials investigated by EOCO over the alleged disappearance of GHc480 , 000 from the Commission 's Endowment Fund .
The loss of the GHc 480,000 prompted the EC Chairperson , Charlotte Osei , to ask the Commission 's Deputy Chairperson in-charge of Finance and Administration and the Finance Director , Dr. Joseph Kweku Asamoah , to proceed on leave .
Speaking on Eyewitness News , their lawyer , Kwabena Asante Krobea , first argued that the fact the EC Chairperson , Charlotte Osei , was not compelled to proceed on leave because they also faced allegations , was unfair .
Some staff members of the EC had petitioned President Nana Akufo-Addo to dismiss Charlotte Osei for alleged malfeasance surrounding the supposed awarding of some contracts unilaterally in service of cronyism .
“ …If EOCO is saying that a complaint of the usage of the endowment has been leveled against our client and for that matter , they had to proceed on leave , then , for the same Chairperson [ Charlotte Osei ] that made that complaint , similar allegations have been made against them by staff of the commission , but rather , they at the moment , is at post working whilst our client is at home , ” Mr. Asante Krobea said .
Since then , Mrs. Amankwah 's team has written to EOCO , but to no avail , and they are beginning to suspect some foul play from EOCO .
Mr. Asante Krobea suggested that someone may be pulling the strings at EOCO because from what they are gathering , “ the investigation has been concluded and as we expected , nothing untoward or no other charges have been made against our client because we knew our client was going to come out unscathed . ”
But they said they remain aggrieved because “ their client [ Mrs. Amankwah ] is at home not knowing when they will resume work . ”
Mr. Asante Krobea said Mrs. Amankwah abided by the directive out of respect for the law as they did not expect the investigation to drag , but given the unsatisfactory developments , a court action could now be on the table .
“ If in the pursuit of their function , we think that they are not acting fairly , we can invoke the requisite reliefs to seek redress for our client and very soon , if we do not hear from EOCO , they will hear from us , ” they warned .
He , however , noted that EOCO indicated that a response to them is ready , which they plan to receive sometime next week because Mrs. Amankwa has traveled out of the region . –
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump says Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin ( mih-NOO'-shin ) will soon travel to China for talks as the two global economic powers deal with trade tensions .
Trump says during a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron that Mnuchin will be going to China “ in a few days to negotiate on trade. ” Trump says the U.S. and China are “ very serious ” and is reiterating plans to impose tariffs up to $ 100 billion more on Chinese goods .
Trump says the U.S. “ will continue unless we make a trade deal. ” But they add , “ I think we 've got a very good chance of making a deal . ”
Mnuchin has expressed optimism that the countries could avoid a trade war . They met last week with financial officials from China , Japan and Europe .
SPRINGFIELD , Mass . ( AP ) — A Massachusetts police officer is facing disciplinary action for writing “ Hahahaha love this ” on Facebook in response to a story about a car striking and killing a counter-protester at a white supremacist rally in Virginia .
Springfield Officer Conrad Lariviere later apologized , saying in a Facebook conversation with Masslive.com that he 's a “ good man who made a stupid comment . ”
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri said they received a complaint about the comment Sunday .
“ I took immediate steps to initiate a prompt and thorough internal investigation , ” Barbieri said via email . “ If in fact this post did originate from an officer employed with the Springfield Police Department , this matter will be reviewed by the Community Police Hearings Board for further action . ”
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno denounced the comments .
“ There is no place for this in our society , let alone from a Springfield Police Officer , ” Sarno said in a statement .
Lariviere had written on Facebook : “ Hahahaha love this , maybe people should n't block road ways . ”
They were responding to a story about the death on Saturday of 32-year-old Heather Heyer , who was struck by a car that plowed into a crowd of people protesting the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia . Nineteen others were injured . James Alex Fields Jr. , 20 , of Ohio , was arrested shortly after and charged with second-degree murder .
Lariviere also questioned whether the driver of the car that struck the crowd was a “ nazi scumbag . ”
They responded to a critic who asked whether they had ever been struck by a car , saying they had been struck by someone “ with warrants , but who cares right you ignorant brat live in a fantasy land with the rest of America while I deal with the real danger . ”
Lariviere told Masslive.com they are not a racist .
“ Never would I want someone to get murdered . I am not a racist and do n't believe in what any of those protesters are doing , ” they said .
Lariviere was a member of the Springfield Police Academy 's 2014 graduating class . A message left by The Associated Press at a listed number for a Conrad Lariviere in Springfield was not immediately returned .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
> > BACK TO TOP STORIES
Valuable Lessons Taught
Bicycle Safety
Fireworks Safety
Home Alone Safety
Policeman is a Friend
Street Smart Safety
Traffic Safety
Community Involvement
Program Dates & Information
Vacation Safety School teaches safety skills to elementary school aged children . There are four separate one-week sessions during the summer . Thirty children , ages 6 to 9 , attend each session . The program is operated free of charge to the participants . To qualify , students must be residents of Plano.Safety lessons are taught primarily by Plano Police Department personnel . Topics include : During the week , the children are fingerprinted , participate in a bicycle rodeo , and may receive a visit from McGruff , the Crime Dog.Many community agencies participate in Vacation Safety School training . The City of Plano Public Safety Communications reviews the correct usage of the emergency 9-1-1 telephone system . The Plano Fire Department gives a tour of a fire station , displays a fire engine , conducts Fire Safety House training and presents the “ Fire Clowns ” in an entertaining show . The City of Plano Crossing Guards review the correct way to cross the street within a school zone . Other classes include First Aid for Children , Poison Awareness , Electrical Safety , and Water Safety.Dallas Area Rapid Transit provides a bus ride and a ride on a light rail train to reinforce proper boarding and other safety concerns . Mark-9 Search and Rescue dogs finish the week with a presentation on their services and allow the children to greet their dogs . At the graduation ceremony , each child receives a Vacation Safety School t-shirt and a graduation certificate.The program is advertised from mid-April through June with posters in recreation centers and libraries . Applications for Vacation Safety School become available in mid-April of each year . Call the Crime Prevention Unit at 972-941-2431 for application information .
WORCESTER , Mass . ( AP ) — A Massachusetts man has been charged with disinterment after a body was found at their home .
Worcester police say they responded to a city home on Monday night and discovered a man 's body .
They charged a resident of the home , 32-year-old Xavier Broughton , with disinterment of a human body and misleading a police investigation .
The body has not been positively identified and an autopsy is scheduled to determine the cause of death .
Police did , however , confirm to The Telegram & Gazette that the address where the body was found was the location of a party earlier this month where 27-year-old Justin Ramos was last seen alive .
Broughton was in custody , and it was not clear if they had a lawyer .
Trader , 26 , in court for alleged assault on neighbour
A 26-year-old trader , Hauwa Judge , who allegedly assaulted their neighbour by pouring hot water on their chest was on Tuesday brought before an Ikeja Chief Magistrates ' Court .
Hauwa , who resides at No . 17 , Idowu Rafiu St. , Iboru , Iyana-ipaja , a Lagos suburb , is facing a charge of assault .
The Prosecutor , Insp . Mathew Akhaluode , told the court that the accused committed the offence on April 14 at about 7.30 a.m. at their residence .
They alleged that the accused unlawfully inflicted injuries on the complainant , Doris Kelly , a nursing mother , when they poured a bucket of hot water on their chest during an argument .
“ The argument started when the accused said the complainant poured urine at the entrance of their house .
“ They started exchanging words before the complainant knew it ; the accused poured a bucket of hot water on them
“ She was immediately rushed to the nearest hospital where they are still receiving treatment , '' they said .
Read Also : Man in court for intimidating wife
The offence contravened Section 173 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State , 2015 ( Revised ) . The newsmen report that the section prescribes a three- year imprisonment for offenders .
The accused , however , pleaded not guilty to the charge . In their ruling , the Chief Magistrate , Mrs A . A. Adetunji , granted the accused bail in the sum of N100 , 000 with two sureties in like sum .
They said the sureties should be gainfully employed and they should show evidence of two years tax payments to the Lagos State Government . Adetunji adjourned the case until May 25 , for mention .
NAN
The post Trader , 26 , in court for alleged assault on neighbour appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Blue Jays : 3B Josh Donaldson missed their second consecutive game with right calf soreness .
Red Sox : OF Mookie Betts missed their fourth straight because of tightness in their left side that flared up during BP Sunday . `` If he 's OK , most likely he 'll be in the lineup tomorrow , '' manager Alex Cora said . . 2B Dustin Pedroia also had the day off .
TWO REVERSALS
The Blue Jays challenged two safe calls with the same batter up in the third — one at second on a steal attempt and the other at the home with a runner looking to score when a pitch bounced away . Both were overturned .
FOND MEMORIES
Cora is excited to get their World Series ring before Thursday 's series opener in Houston .
`` It was an amazing ride , '' they said .
They plan to bring a jersey they wore last season as the team 's bench coach , have it signed by the Astros and hang it `` probably at home . ''
HARD SHOT
Pllate umpire Jerry Layne was dazed by a foul ball off their chest but stayed in the game . Boston catcher Christian Vazquez held up Layne when the umpire was wobbly .
UP NEXT
Blue Jays : LHP Jaime Garcia ( 2-3 , 5.52 ERA ) is scheduled to start Friday 's series opener at Detroit .
Red Sox : LHP Drew Pomeranz ( 1-2 , 6.75 ) is to be on the mound Thursday for the opener of a four-game series against Houston . They 0-1 with a 9.53 ERA in their last three starts and has n't gone past four innings .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Ken Powtak , The Associated Press
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
By ASTRID GALVANAssociated Press
PHOENIX ( AP ) - President Donald Trump says they may grant a pardon to former Sheriff Joe Arpaio following their recent conviction in federal court , prompting outrage among critics who say the move would amount to an endorsement of racism .
Trump told Fox News during an interview Sunday that they were seriously considering issuing a pardon within the next few days . That was welcome news for the former Phoenix-area sheriff , who lost a re-election bid in November and who was convicted of misdemeanor contempt of court on July 31 .
But it angered immigrant rights activists and others who say it amounts to support for racism on the same day that Trump disavowed white nationalists whose rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , turned violent this weekend , leaving one woman dead .
A federal judge ruled in 2013 that Arpaio 's officers racially profiled Latinos . But the sheriff refused to stop their immigration patrols , eventually leading to the criminal contempt of court case that he 's embroiled in . It also contributed to their failed re-election bid last year .
Arpaio said Monday that they learned of the president 's comments in the morning and was glad they stood by him .
`` I did n't ask for it , but if he 's going to offer , I will accept , because I 'm not guilty . So appreciate their interest in my matter here in Phoenix , '' Arpaio said .
Attorneys for the ex-sheriff filed two motions late Monday afternoon in U.S. District Court in Phoenix for a judgment of acquittal and to vacate the verdict for a new trial . The motions are not appeals .
`` We 're filing these motions because there was absolutely no evidence in support of the judge 's verdict , the verdict was contrary to the evidence provided in court , and the verdict is a gross miscarriage of justice , '' said Mark Goldman , a lawyer for Arpaio .
Trump on Sunday told Fox that Arpaio is `` a great American patriot '' and said they hate to see what has happened to him , according to the news report . They cited their long service in law enforcement and said many Arizona citizens respected their approach to crime .
The two have been allies for the past couple of years . Arpaio campaigned for Trump at rallies in Iowa , Nevada and Arizona , and they gave a speech at the Republican National Convention in which they said Trump would prevent immigrants from coming into the country illegally . Trump has also invoked the former sheriff in their calls for tougher immigration enforcement and has advocated for tactics that made Arpaio a national figure .
`` I 've been with them from day one , '' Arpaio said .
On Monday , the president condemned hate groups and said racism is evil in a statement that was much more forceful than he 'd made earlier after the weekend clashes in Virginia that left one woman dead after a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who opposed a rally by white nationalists . The white nationalists were protesting a plan to remove a statute of Confederate Gen Robert E. Lee from a Charlottesville park .
`` Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America , '' they said .
Cecillia Wang , deputy legal director for the ACLU , criticized the idea that Trump could pardon Arpaio , saying the former sheriff had violated court orders that prohibited illegal detention of Latinos .
`` Make no mistake : This would be an official presidential endorsement of racism , '' Wang said .
Thomas A. Saenz , president and general counsel of MALDEF , or the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , said in statement that Trump 's comments to Fox were hypocritical and demonstrate `` how inextricably conflicted they are about condemning racism and the targeting of racial minorities ''
`` That the White House chose to praise such unconstitutional , discriminatory behavior in defiance of a federal judge on the same day that it refused to condemn the actions of white supremacists in Charlottesville compound the damage of Trump 's appalling moral relativism , '' Saenz said . `` In politics , there is hypocrisy on many sides , but the White House 's praise of Arpaio as it tries to extricate itself from equivocal statements about the clear domestic hate-based terrorism in Charlottesville will forever stand out as record-breaking , political disingenuousness . ''
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
LEANDER , Texas ( KXAN ) — Hair , make-up , high heels and formal dresses … it 's that time : prom season . And this year , the winning prom queen at Leander High School made a surprising move on the dance floor .
Leander High seniors Abby Cano and Keilany Solano were two of five 2017 prom queen nominees . But when Solano 's name was called as the winner , they surprised their classmates by taking the crown and the sash and placing them on Cano for a real-life fairy-tale ending .
Solano and Cano have been long-time classmates who really did n't know each other very well . Cano lives with Down syndrome , and they are much-loved and admired at the school . She 's very well known for walking down the school 's hallways and giving everyone high-fives .
That sense of cheer and joy may have inspired what happened next .
“ We were in the middle of the dance floor . They had just announced me , and I went up and took a picture with my boyfriend who had also won , Daniel , and then I turned around and saw Abby , ” Solano said .
They said their next moves were not planned in advance . Solano immediately took their tiara and sash and placed them on Cano .
“ I did it because I knew at that moment they would be even happier than me , and I felt like they deserved it more , ” Solano said .
Cano 's mother , Sabrina Wycoff , said they were surprised and touched by the gesture .
“ I was , like , ‘ Oh , my gosh ! ' ” Wycoff said . “ So there is a picture of them and their sash and the tiara — I was , like , ‘ Wow , Abby 's the prom queen ! ' That 's amazing . ”
They said their daughter has always been treated with respect throughout their years in school , and this was one more example of that .
“ From the time they started here in first grade all the way through their senior year in high school , they have had the most amazing experiences of people being really , really kind to them and doing these wonderful things for her . ”
And Cano 's confidence is contagious . “ I like to pose , ” they said while striking one during their interview and making it clear that they have this royalty thing down .
Them room is filled with action figures of women wrestlers that they started collecting about a year ago .
“ Every time I look at them , I think of tough and amazing — tough and amazing , ” Cano said .
Just like this prom queen .
OAKLAND , Calif. — Veterans Mike Callahan and Ken Mauer , along with first-timer David Guthrie , are among the 12 referees who have been selected to work the NBA Finals .
The league announced the group Wednesday .
Callahan has worked 19 games in the Finals and Mauer has worked 18 . This will be the 15th Finals appearance for Callahan and the 13th for Mauer .
Other referees who will be on the floor during the Golden State-Cleveland series that starts Thursday are Tony Brothers , James Capers , Marc Davis , Scott Foster , John Goble , Ed Malloy , Jason Phillips , Derrick Stafford and Zach Zarba .
Guthrie is the only referee who will be making their Finals debut this year .
Eric Lewis and Tom Washington were selected as alternates .
——
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Super Eagles ready for England friendly – Mikel
Midfielder Mikel Obi says the Super Eagles will be at their best for the prestige international friendly match against England at Wembley Stadium in London on June 2 .
“ There will be no option for us other than to give our best with the FIFA World Cup fast approaching .
“ The match comes up only two weeks before our first match at the FIFA World Cup .
“ It will be a big occasion and a big match for both teams as we both look forward to our respective first matches in Russia .
“ England is a special place for me , having spent so many years playing there , and it is one country I love to go to , '' Mikel was quoted as saying on the Nigeria Football Federation ( NFF ) website on Tuesday .
The former Chelsea FC player said Super Eagles were already talking to themselves and everyone of them was looking forward to the game .
Reports have it that Nigeria take on Croatia in their first match at the 21st FIFA World Cup finals at the Kaliningrad Stadium on June 16 .
In their other Group D matches , they will then face Iceland at Volgograd on June 22 , and Argentina at Saint Petersburg on June 26 .
On the other hand , England will play their first match in Group G against Tunisia at Volgograd on June 18 .
Thereafter , they will face Panama at Nizhny Novgorod on June 24 , and Belgium at Kaliningrad on June 28 .
Meanwhile , tickets for the England/Nigeria match are still selling , with the lowest ticket going for 35 pounds .
NAN
The post Super Eagles ready for England friendly – Mikel appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By RACHEL ZOLL , ERIC TUCKER and SADIE GURMANAssociated Press
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - In an order that undercuts protections for LGBT people , Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a sweeping directive to agencies Friday to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated .
The guidance , an attempt to deliver on President Donald Trump 's pledge to their evangelical and other religious supporters , effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics are sincerely held .
Under the new policy , a claim of a violation of religious freedom would be enough to override concerns for the civil rights of LGBT people and anti-discrimination protections for women and others . The guidelines are so sweeping that experts on religious liberty are calling them a legal powder-keg that could prompt wide-ranging lawsuits against the government .
`` This is putting the world on notice : You better take these claims seriously , '' said Robin Fretwell Wilson , a law professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . `` This is a signal to the rest of these agencies to rethink the protections they have put in place on sexual orientation and gender identity . ''
Trump announced plans for the directive last May in a Rose Garden ceremony where they were surrounded by religious leaders . Since then , religious conservatives have anxiously awaited the Justice Department guidance , hoping for greatly strengthened protections for their beliefs amid the rapid acceptance of LGBT rights . Religious liberty experts said they would have to see how the guidance would be applied by individual agencies , both in crafting regulations and deciding how to enforce them . But experts said the directive clearly tilted the balance very far in favor of people of faith who do not want to recognize same-sex marriage .
`` Except in the narrowest circumstances , no one should be forced to choose between living out their or their faith and complying with the law , '' Sessions wrote . `` To the greatest extent practicable and permitted by law , religious observance and practice should be reasonably accommodated in all government activity . ''
The Alliance Defending Freedom , a conservative Christian law firm , called it `` a great day for religious freedom . '' The Human Rights Campaign , a national LGBT-rights group , called the guidelines an `` all-out assault '' on civil rights and a `` sweeping license to discriminate . ''
The new document lays the groundwork for legal positions that the Trump administration intends to take in future religious freedom cases , envisioning sweeping protections for faith-based beliefs and practices in private workplaces , at government jobs and even in prisons .
In issuing the memo , Sessions is injecting the department into a thicket of highly charged legal questions that have repeatedly reached the U.S. Supreme Court , most notably in the 2014 Hobby Lobby case that said corporations with religious objections could opt out of a health law requirement to cover contraceptives for women .
The memo makes clear the Justice Department 's support of that opinion in noting that the primary religious freedom law - the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 - protects the rights not only of people to worship as they choose but also of corporations , companies and private firms .
In what is likely to be one of the more contested aspects of the document , the Justice Department states that religious organizations can hire workers based on religious beliefs and an employee 's willingness `` to adhere to a code of conduct . '' Many conservative Christian schools and faith-based agencies require employees to adhere to moral codes that ban sex outside marriage and same-sex relationships , among other behavior .
The document also says the government improperly infringes on individuals ' religious liberty by banning an aspect of their practice or by forcing them to take an action that contradicts their faith . As an example , Justice Department lawyers say government efforts to require employers to provide contraceptives to their workers `` substantially burdens their religious practice . '' Separately Friday , the Health and Human Services Department allowed more employers with religious objections to opt out of the birth control coverage rule in the Affordable Care Act .
The Justice Department document also calls into question the Johnson Amendment , which bars churches and tax-exempt groups from endorsing political candidates . Trump in May signed an executive order aimed at weakening the enforcement of that law , which they have said penalizes people for protected religious belief , although the policy has only been enforced only rarely in the past .
The Justice Department , in the document , says the Internal Revenue Service may not enforce the Johnson Amendment `` against a religious nonprofit organization under circumstances in which it would not enforce the amendment against a secular nonprofit organization . ''
The department 's civil rights division will now be involved in reviewing all agency actions to make sure they do n't conflict with federal law regarding religious liberty .
___
Zoll reported from New York .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
ASUNCION , Paraguay — Paraguay 's President Horacio Cartes has suffered at least a temporary a setback in their effort to take up a Senate seat once their term ends in August .
Opponents both outside their own party and within it boycotted a congressional session on Wednesday . The lack of a quorum blocked a vote on their resignation request .
They need to leave office by June 30 to be sworn in with other senators because Paraguay 's constitution says they ca n't hold two offices at once .
Cartes could n't seek re-election and the Senate seat would be a way to extend their political influence . Some experts argue it also might help block any possible prosecution on corruption allegations .
Analysts say Cartes still has plenty of time before the deadline to win enough votes .
‘ 50 % of Nigeria 's mobile capacity under-utilized '
The Chairman , House Committee on Nigeria-US Relations/inter-parliamentary Relations , Ehiozuwa Johnson Agbonayinma , has lamented that 50 percent of Nigeria 's mobile capacity is under-utilized due to lack of service . Agbonayinma , a member of the House of Representatives , pointed out that available facts on smart device connectivity in Nigeria indicate that 125 million smart device users are not…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only . Visit the site and log in/register to read .
The post ‘ 50 % of Nigeria 's mobile capacity under-utilized ' appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The sale for Huntington Beach-based Boardriders Inc. to acquire longtime rival Billabong was completed this week , creating one powerhouse surf brand that executives hope will stimulate a new wave of success for the surf industry .
“ Today marks the beginning of what will be a turning point for our industry , ” said Dave Tanner , Chief Executive Officer of Boardriders Inc , in a press release . “ With the combination of Boardriders and Billabong , we bring together the best of both companies , creating a dynamic enterprise under the Boardriders umbrella . ”
Boardriders Inc. is made up of Quiksilver , Roxy and DC Shoes . It now adds not just Billabong , but also RVCA , Element , Von Zipper , Xcel , Kustom and Palmers , many of which are based in Orange County . Billabong 's North America office is located in Irvine .
The combination of the brands makes Boardriders Inc. the world 's leading action sports company , with more than 7,000 wholesale customers in more than 110 countries and over 630 retail stores in 28 countries , according to the announcement sent out Tuesday .
Integrating the brands will be a “ multi-year process ” that will manage by “ a combination of executives from both companies , ” the statement reads .
The deal is no surprise , with the brands announcing intent for the sale earlier this year . And there 's no plan to change the brands ' identities , or close stores like the Billabong shop that recently opened in Laguna Beach . The sale is a way to streamline production and other areas of overlap like training .
Billabong paid out $ 1.05 ( Australian ) per share to each shareholder other than shares acquired by Boardriders or excluded shareholders .
Massimiliano Allegri conceded Lazio were worthy winners of the Supercoppa Italiana after their Juventus side were beaten 3-2 in a breathless finale at the Stadio Olimpico .
Ciro Immobile won and converted a first-half penalty before heading their second of the game in the 54th minute to put Simone Inzaghi 's men firmly in control .
An out-of-sorts Juve barely threatened until Paulo Dybala dispatched a magnificent 85th-minute free-kick and the Argentina forward levelled from the spot in stoppage time after Adam Marusic clumsily fouled Alex Sandro .
But there was another sting in the tail as Jordan Lukaku raided down the Juventus right and teed up fellow substitute Alessandro Murgia for the winner .
Despite being on punishing end of that drama , Allegri maintained defeat was precisely what the Serie A champions deserved .
`` We got in the game in the final half-hour , '' they Juventus ' official website . `` I knew we could have trouble , but especially in the first half we did not play .
`` Then we started to play with width , to better cover the field , but we had to do that from the beginning .
`` We put them under pressure when they got tired . Football sometimes takes away what it has given you other times .
`` I am sorry to lose like that but it is not an excuse for our bad performance . ''
Juventus begin their bid for a seventh consecutive Serie A title at home to Cagliari next weekend and Allegri hopes defeat in the capital will act as a wake-up call .
`` In the championship we will not and can not be the same , '' they added . `` This defeat brings us back to the ground . Winning is not easy .
`` Some of us are not yet in shape . I knew it would not be easy . The season has just begun and it will certainly not be a simple one but we will see a different Juve , starting from Saturday . ''
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Boston Celtics ' Isaiah Thomas , center , and teammates bow their heads during a moment of silence for Thomas ' sister Chyna before a first-round NBA playoff basketball game against the Chicago Bulls Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Bos ...
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Boston Celtics ' Isaiah Thomas wears a message on their shoes in memory of their sister Chyna during the fourth quarter of a first-round NBA playoff basketball game against the Chicago Bulls , Sunday , April 16 , 2017 , in Boston . The B ...
By KYLE HIGHTOWERAP Sports Writer
WALTHAM , Mass . ( AP ) - Celtics coach Brad Stevens says Isaiah Thomas plans to play in Game 2 Tuesday night against the Chicago Bulls , then head to Washington state to be with their family and help complete funeral arrangements for their sister .
Thomas attended the team 's film session and short walk-through Monday , but did not speak with the media . Stevens says that after services for Thomas ' sister , the star guard intends to rejoin the team Friday for Game 3 in Chicago . The coach adds that all plans are subject to change depending on how Thomas feels .
Chyna Thomas died early Saturday in a one-car accident outside Tacoma , Washington . No funeral date is set , and Stevens says the Celtics organization hopes to attend .
Boston lost the opener of the seven-game series 106-102 on Monday .
___
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
WINNIPEG — A Manitoba man convicted of sending letter bombs to their ex-wife and two lawyers will have a sentencing hearing Oct. 3 .
Guido Amsel appeared briefly in Winnipeg court and says they have once again found a new lawyer for their case .
Amsel has fired two previous lawyers , most recently after their conviction in May .
Amsel was found guilty on 15 charges , including four counts of attempted murder .
They were arrested after three explosive packages were found in July 2015 .
Only one of the devices went off , causing severe injuries to Maria Mitousis , a Winnipeg lawyer who had represented Amsel 's ex-wife in a lawsuit over an auto body shop the couple had owned .
To use the in-store mobile checkout you 'll have to be on the Macy 's WiFi network . From there you scan your items with your phone 's camera . Before walking out , you 'll have to go to a special station near the door to verify your purchases with an employee , but it all sounds relatively painless . Macy 's says `` most '' merchandise will be available with the feature , but that it wo n't apply to `` leased departments '' or expensive jewelry .
With the VR tools , you 'll lay out the rough shape and design of your room with a provided tablet . And once that 's set in place , you can place virtual sofas and loveseats around the room before donning a VR helmet and seeing how they `` feel '' in your space . It almost sounds like a stopgap for Macy 's ' next application though : augmented reality . Next month , an update will start rolling out for its mobile app , which will enable you to see how a new credenza will look in your room , not a roughshod approximation of it . Kind of like what Williams-Sonoma and IKEA have done before . Amazon has flirted with AR showrooms as far back as this time last year . And Target , owned by Macy 's , has been offering AR `` try-on '' for furniture since last October .
Testing for the mobile check-out is rolling out right now and will wrap by year 's end , starting with the the New York Bloomingdale 's in SoHo . As far as the VR goes , there 's a pilot program running in Manhattan , New Jersey and Florida , with it going online in 60 more stores by this fall . Will it be enough to counter Walmart 's , The Gap 's and others ' moves into the space ? Time will tell .
Dylan Hatfield got one last chance to see their brother and five other crewmen on the Destination , a 98-foot crab boat missing and presumed sunk in the Bering Sea .
The Destination was tied up Thursday in the Aleutian Islands port of Dutch Harbor , preparing to leave . Hatfield , 29 , had just come in from the Bering Sea on a different boat . They had worked on the Destination off and on for seven years , and when they left , their older brother , 36-year-old Darrik Seibold , replaced him .
`` We went down to the boat , brought a case of beer , said hello to everybody , gave everybody big hugs , told stories and had laughs , '' Hatfield said . Afterward , they all went out for pizza at the Norwegian Rat Saloon . ''
`` I got to tell the fellas I loved them , I got to hug my brother and tell them that I loved him , and then they left , '' Hatfield said .
Early Friday , the Destination left for St. Paul Island , one of the tiny Pribilof Islands in the vast Bering Sea .
On Saturday morning , Hatfield got the call : the Destination was missing 2 miles off another Pribilof Island , St. George . The Coast Guard had received an emergency location radio transmission from a device that transmits when it hits saltwater .
Searchers rushed to the scene . They found an oil slick , a life ring and buoys . They emergency location beacon was floating in the slick .
The lack of debris , the failure to make a mayday call , the absence of lifeboats or mariners in survival suits pointed to a sudden tragedy .
`` In my mind , they rolled over , '' Hatfield said . `` I 'm almost positive that those boys are still on the boat . ''
Commercial fishing is inherently dangerous , and crab fishing in the Bering Sea is notoriously so . Fishermen work winters in icy , heaving platforms handling heavy , unforgiving equipment .
The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health notes that fishermen drop crab pots , each weighing 750 to 850 pounds empty , rigged to hundreds of feet of coiled line and buoys used to recover them from the ocean bottom .
Just getting to the fishing grounds is dangerous . Vessels stack the heavy pots on their main deck in three to five tiers high as they travel in shallow ocean that sees big waves , high wind and icing that can make a boat top-heavy .
In the 1990s , 73 people died in the Bering Sea crab fishery as the result of capsizing , sinking , falling overboard or an industrial accident . Two factors , however , have dramatically lowered that rate of nearly eight deaths annually .
The Coast Guard and the Alaska Department of Fish and Game in 1999 instituted an upgraded inspection program with an emphasis on stability and safety . Vessels found lacking were not allowed to leave port .
Federal managers also changed the fishery . Before 2005 , boats rushed out from ports `` derby style , '' trying to catch as much crab as possible until a quota was met , even if it meant fishing in dangerous conditions .
That was replaced with `` crab rationalization , '' in which most of the catch was guaranteed to boat owners . That meant they could use fewer boats , take longer to catch their quota and sit out dangerous conditions .
It also meant hundreds of crew members lost their jobs . However , safety improved . From October 1999 through last year , 10 lives have been lost , according to the national institute .
The Destination was on its way to St. Paul and planned to drop off bait on the island before heading out for a week or two to fish . The boat was carrying 200 crab pots and probably about 15,000 pounds of bait , Hatfield said .
The boat had just rounded the northeast quarter of St. George Island , an area known for turbulent water , when it went down .
`` You get the shelf shallowing-up there , and lots of tide , '' Hatfield said . `` It 's always really cold around those islands . ''
A number of factors probably led to a capsizing , they said . The boat may have iced up from sea spray freezing in 20-degree temperatures . An alarm in the engine or steering room may have malfunctioned .
The boat had three tanks for holding crab . Pumps keep water circulating to them . If a pump shut off , it could cause a tank to go slack — partially emptied of water that provides stability , Hatfield said .
When a big wave hits , and the boat rolls in one direction , a slack tank makes it harder to recover .
`` It 's never the first one , '' Hatfield said . `` They probably took a big one , laid 'em over , and they did n't recover . Then they took another one , and another one , until they probably just rolled over . ''
The vessel owners , F/V Destination , Inc. , have not released name of the six crewmen . Spokesman Mike Barcott said the company has not contacted all families to make sure they want the names public .
They agreed that whatever happened probably came on suddenly . A half hour before the boat disappeared , it was in calm water on the lee of St. George Island , Barcott said by email .
`` If there was a problem at that time they easily could have pulled into the harbor so we assume all was good then , '' they said .
Seibold leaves a 3-year-old son . The cause of the tragedy likely will never be known , Hatfield said .
`` The only people who know what happened are on the bottom of the ocean , '' they said .
OMNISPORT
A revitalised Andres Iniesta insists they never had any concerns over their future at Barcelona , despite lengthy negotiations over their new deal .
The Spanish club announced on Friday they had finally agreed a lifetime contract with the 33-year-old , who would otherwise have become a free agent at the end of the season .
The midfielder - who joined Barcelona from Albacete in 1996 - dismissed speculation last month that they had already agreed to an extension , raising the possibility of them ending their glittering career away from the Camp Nou .
However , after protracted talks between the two parties , Iniesta is happy to stay at the only club they have played for professionally .
`` There 's never been any kind of problem between myself and the club , '' Iniesta said .
`` It 's simply that things have to run their natural course , you have to talk to find common ground and beyond that we just try to take care of things and be positive .
`` If this should have happened earlier or in a different way , I do n't know about that . But this is how it has turned out . ''
Barcelona are keen to manage their captain 's minutes to prolong their impact on the first team , although the evergreen Iniesta has still started six of their seven LaLiga games this season .
While they picked up an injury last time out against Las Palmas , Iniesta believes they have enjoyed a new lease of life after a difficult 2016-17 .
`` I know how the world of football is . Last year , it looked like I was maybe done , but this year I 'm living something of a rebirth , '' they said .
`` I know my mind and body , but every player is conscious of their possibilities . I 'm thinking about having fun and continuing to have glory with this club . ''
Johnson recovered , but there were wounds they could n't see that would haunt him . ( Source : WAVE 3 News Archive )
D'Shawn Johnson was shot in the line of duty on June 19 , 1999 . They say they live with it everyday . ( Source : WAVE 3 News )
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - WAVE 3 News Safety and Security Expert D'Shawn Johnson recalled vividly the night they were shot in the line of duty .
On patrol as a Louisville police officer , they stopped in the Portland neighborhood to break up a fight when shots rang out .
`` It always stays in your mind , '' they said thoughtfully . `` And you always mark that date , you know , when you could have lost your life . ''
In Johnson 's case , it was June 19 , 1999 .
> > More Louisville Metro news on wave3.com
The bullet entered their upper arm , shattered the bone and lodged deep in their shoulder . They said there was so much blood , they thought their life was over .
They described sitting on the pavement in an alley , feeling angry that they would not be able to say goodbye to the people they loved .
`` Thought about family , thought about friends . Basically that was it , '' they sighed .
Five surgeries and six months of metal rods protruding from their arm helped put Johnson 's body back together . But there were also wounds they said they could not see .
First there were the nightmares .
`` For about the first couple of weeks I was waking up and I would smell gunfire , '' Johnson said . `` I would smell sulfur and for a while I thought I was going crazy . ''
It was the beginning of Johnson 's struggle with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder .
`` I would n't call them panic attacks , '' Johnson said . `` Your heightened sense of awareness is always on a level 9 and 10 . To where you hear things , cars backfire . ''
Johnson was trying to recover at a time when PTSD was not widely understood and seldom treated . But they did seek help .
And while they still live with the physical and emotional pain daily , they learned to manage the symptoms of their injuries , both seen and unseen .
RELATED STORIES
+ Details leading to deadly traffic stop revealed by LMPD
+ LMPD officer shot during narcotics investigation identified
+ Suspect killed during officer-involved shooting identified
`` That 's something that once it becomes part of you , it does n't turn off . It becomes part of your DNA and you ca n't say I 'm just going to turn it off today . You ca n't , '' they explained .
Johnson eventually returned to their job patrolling the streets but it did n't last for long . They lost 30 % of the feeling and use of right arm and was unable to fully continue their duties .
Johnson said they have some simple advice for Detective Darrell Hyche , who was wounded on duty Thursday .
`` When you need help , ask for it , '' they said .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Indie favourites Scouting for Girls , the Lightning Seeds and Toploader are to headline the first Snowdonia Outdoor Festival in Bala .
Tickets for the three-day fiesta of outdoor sports and live music went on sale this week - with up to 10,000 expected to flock to the spectacular lakeside setting at Llyn Tegid , Bala , from Friday , August 11 , to Sunday , August 13 .
SFG are best known for the UK number one She 's So Lovely and Toploader had a massive worldwide hit with Dancing In The Moonlight while the Lightning Seeds are most widely known for the football anthem Three Lions .
Event director Nicola Meadley said : “ We 're really excited about the music we 've pulled together for this first Snowdonia Outdoor Festival and we think it will go down well with our audience .
“ The setting with the stage framed by the waters of Llyn Tegid and the hills behind will be awesome and there should be a fantastic atmosphere there with music going on from the afternoon well into the night .
“ We selected acts which we believe will appeal to our festival-goers and we 'll be looking to add more names to the roster , including local artists and bands , as time goes on . ”
More acts are expected to be announced very soon .
Ken Skates , Welsh Government Minister for the Economy and Infrastructure , said : “ This is very exciting announcement and it is one that is a perfect fit for North Wales , the European capital of adventure sports .
“ Bala is the ideal venue with its magical landscape , vibrant and welcoming Welsh culture and superb natural facilities of countryside , mountain , rivers and lake .
( Photo : Dougie Cunningham )
“ The event combines the adrenaline buzz of outdoor activities and sports with an impressive music lineup and added to that is Brand Events ' track record of staging festivals that are successful and have staying power . ”
Heledd Roberts , of Bala Business Association , has also welcomed the strong music line-up and the opportunities for local business brought by the festival .
They said : “ The bands that have been announced are amazing and will appeal to a wide range of people and age groups locally and further afield and attract lots of visitors to the area .
“ This is very positive news and so is the fact that they are making use of local activity providers and businesses and that includes caterers as well .
“ Locally there have been lots of people asking about it and when they see the calibre of bands that will be here they 'll be delighted . ”
Outdoor activities have been designed with families in mind and will include hiking , canoeing , stand-up paddle boarding , gorge walking , sailing , windsurfing , rafting , swimming , climbing , walking and mountain biking with climbing walls and airbags set up and bushcraft talks and other hands-on activities available .
The Festival has capacity for up to 3,500 campers staying on site , as well as around 1500 people attending each day and staying or living locally .
For more information and to buy tickets visit www.snowdonia-outdoorfestival.co.uk .
Have you every tournament fished ? If you have then you know what the “ King of the Beach ” is and if you have n't and always wanted to , it is the best tournament in town .
This spring we are celebrating our 25th Anniversary and we are adding $ 25,000 more in prize money to the pot ! We also will have some fun giveaways to truly celebrate a milestone year for us .
There are 3 main reasons to fish the King …
• LEVEL PLAYING FIELD : The Old Salts have made the competition one of the most fair to ALL levels of fisherman . They implement a 30 mile boundary to ensure any size boat can compete . They also offer extra places to single engine vessels . There are also no intimidating check outs or shotgun starts .
• OVER 60 PLACES TO WIN : The tournament has 6 divisions : Overall , Single Engine , Spanish Mackerel , Traveling Angler , Ladies and Youth . Each division has cash and/or prizes with approximately $ 200,000 up for grabs .
• LOW ENTRY FEES : You can enter the tournament for as little as $ 225 which is almost half the cost of most Kingfish tournaments . So the risk is smaller and at the same time the rewards are bigger . 1st place overall wins $ 50,000 guaranteed .
The event is so much more than just fishing . It is a 3 day festival with all types of marine and art vendors , a food festival with local flavor , Friday night is Community Night with live music & more , boat displays and a kids zone . “ Combining a community food festival and live music into our tournament seamed natural to us . Fishing is part of our community , so we welcome all to join us , ” says Old Salt President Tom Verdensky .
The event will be held at the Madeira Beach Recreation Complex at 200 Rex Place , Madeira Beach . We have ample FREE parking with a FREE Ferry shuttle to the event , with a special thanks to Hubbard 's Marina and their new water taxi .
The Old Salt Fishing Foundation hosts this semi-annual event to benefit several local charities – This spring we will be presenting checks to : P.A.R.C. , Celma Mastry Ovarian Cancer Foundation , Pediatric Cancer Foundation and to Florida Strong fisherman .
To find out more information or to register for the tournament , go to www.OldSaltFishing.org , email amy @ OldSaltFishing.org or call 727-216-6601 .
Dino Melaye injured ; rushed to hospital after jumping off a police vehicle
Nigerian senator , Dino Melaye was brought into Zankli hospital in the Mabushi district of Abuja .
The senator got injured while allegedly jumping off a police vehicle around Area One that was conveying them to court in Lokoja , Kogi state .
UPDATE :
According to The Sun , embattled senator Dino Melaye this afternoon jumped off the vehicle that was conveying them to Kogi state and ran into the thick bush nearby . They were arrested by SARS officers in Abuja this morning and was being transported to Kogi state where they are expected to respond to allegations of sponsoring two assassins .
The assassins were arrested in February and they confessed to have been funded by Melaye .
Melaye who represents Kogi West , is very critical of the Buhari led government as well as very critical of their state governor , Yahaya Bello . They have denied the allegations leveled against them by the suspected assassins , saying they are politically motivated and that they were being framed .
After weeks of reportedly not honoring police invitations , they were prevented from traveling out of Nigeria to Morocco for an official assignment yesterday April 23rd . They were ambushed all through the night . This morning , they surrended to SARS officers in Abuja .
They were being taken to Kogi state when they jumped off the vehicle and fled into the bush .
Yesterday , we reported that the senator announced via their Twitter handle that they had been arrested .
They said on Monday that they were picked up at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja .
It was not immediately clear which agency carried out the arrest , but Mr Melaye was declared wanted for their alleged involvement in a murder case and provision of support for criminal elements in their home state of Kogi .
Senator Melaye wrote ,
” I have just been arrested at the international wing of the Nnamdi Azikiwe airport on my way to Morocco for an official engagement sponsored by the Federal Govt after checking in ” .
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Dino Melaye injured ; rushed to hospital after jumping off a police vehicle appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Actor Sooraj Pancholi , who will be seen collaborating with choreographer and director Prabhudheva , says that they ca n't wait to work with him .
Sooraj on Thursday took to Twitter , where they shared a photograph with Prabhudheva and producer Bhushan Kumar .
“ Yes it is official ! Ca n't wait to work with you Prabhudheva sir…I have grown up watching you ! Thank you for all the inspiration . T-Series , ” Sooraj captioned the image .
Yes it is official ! Cant wait to work with you @ PDdancing sir I have grown up watching you ! Thank u for all the inspiration😊🙏🏼👍🏼 @ TSeries pic.twitter.com/UKcW6Dpqyn — Sooraj Pancholi ( @ soorajpancholi9 ) June 15 , 2017
The film is reported to be a comedy and will be produced by T-Series .
Sooraj , who is the son of actor Aditya Pancholi and Zarina Wahab , made their Bollywood debut in 2015 film ‘ Hero ' along with actor Athiya Shetty .
‘ Hero ' , which was directed by Nikhil Advani , is a remake of veteran filmmaker Subhash Ghai 's directed 1983 film of the same name , which starred Jackie Shroff .
The Big 5 : These are the stories you should be monitoring today
These are the top five stories you should be monitoring today . 1 . DRUG TRAFFICKING : TWO SOUTH AFRICAN COMMUNITIES GIVE NIGERIANS QUIT…
Read » The Big 5 : These are the stories you should be monitoring today on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Ontario 's fiscal watchdog says the Liberal government will run a deficit this fiscal year , despite claims it has balanced the budget .
In a new report Monday , the Financial Accountability Office said the Liberals will run a $ 4 billion deficit in 2017-2018 , and will continue to be in the red over the next few years .
More moderate growth in revenues and the increasing fiscal impact of the province 's Fair Hydro Plan , which cuts electricity rates by 25 per cent , will take their toll on Ontario 's books the report notes . It also says a long-simmering accounting dispute between the Liberal government and Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk over how to count two public sector pension plans on the ledger is contributing to uncertainty .
“ We 've been very consistent that because of a number of factors we think the deficit will re-emerge , ” said FAO chief economist David West . “ Now , with this accounting debate it will become more significant . ”
The Liberals presented a balanced budget in the spring , a year ahead of the provincial election , and have promised to keep the books in balance through the next couple of years.The FAO , however , projects the government 's budget deficit will grow to $ 9.8 billion in 2021-2022 .
“ The government is out borrowing this money , ” West said . “ This current year they 're going to borrow $ 23 billion in the markets . That 's going to rise to $ 45 billion in the coming years . ”
The FAO also said the government 's new hydro plan will add $ 3.2 billion to the budget deficit by 2021-2022 .
Last year Lysyk questioned the province 's decision to include a pair of public pensions — the Ontario Public Service Employee 's Union Pension Plan and the Ontario Teacher 's Pension Plan — as assets on its balance sheet .
The FAO said in its report that since the government has not adopted the auditor 's recommended accounting for both the pension assets , and with the addition of the Fair Hydro Plan , it is becoming more difficult for legislators and the public to assess the government 's fiscal projections .
TORONTO — Companies trying to stay ahead of the increasing threat of cyberattacks need to be cognizant of one simple fact : there is no perfect antidote or turnkey solution against criminals bent on breaching their systems .
“ Everyone is hacking into everything , ” said Benoit Dupont , professor of criminology at the University of Montreal and the Canada Research Chair in Cybersecurity .
“ Even the most secure , aware organizations like the top intelligence agencies in the world get hacked , ” they said . Last month , the New York Times reported that the cyberweapons developed by the National Security Agency to spy on other countries are now being used against it , thanks to a leak .
The number of Canadian businesses experiencing losses of $ 1-million or more loss rose to seven per cent from just one per cent two years ago , according to a 2017 report by the Canadian Chamber of Commerce .
With each passing year , hacking has become more dangerous , sophisticated and difficult to prevent — and solely ramping up spending on cybersecurity is not a viable solution for any organization , experts warn .
What 's required when it comes to cyber preparedness , Benoit and others argue , is a radical overhaul of the entire ecosystem that accounts for the significant role that human error plays in breaches
— from confidential data sent to insecure home systems , to phishing schemes that rely on tricking people into giving up sensitive information belonging to their employer .
At a minimum , organizations should ensure that mechanisms are in place to minimize the damage caused by inevitable cyber-infiltrations so that if criminals are able to breach a system they wo n't necessarily be able to exit with anything of value .
That starts with prioritizing the information that organizations must protect , said Christian Leuprecht , national security expert at the Royal Military College and Queen 's University .
“ People think there is such a thing as privacy and that you can keep things secret . We need to come to the realization that 's not possible , ” said Leuprecht .
“ We need to say 90 per cent of stuff that becomes public , we can live with that . And here 's the stuff that we have to protect at any and all cost , and where we 're going to put all our efforts into protecting that . ”
Surprisingly , encryption — in which data is translated into a secret code that can only be accessed by using a secret key or password to decrypt the documents into plain text — is one measure few companies seem to be adopting , said Satyamoorthy Kabilan , director of national security and strategic foresight at the Conference Board of Canada .
“ The fact that every time we hear about someone 's system being breached and people are able to read the details tells you a lot , ” Kabilan added .
Encryption , however , is n't a viable long-term cyber-strategy for companies that need to have constant access to data themselves , according to Andre Boysen , chief identity officer at Toronto-based SecureKey .
“ It 's going to make it harder for the business to read the data , ” they said . “ It 's got limited usefulness . ”
Typically , such companies instead rely on constantly monitoring what 's happening on their network — a feat no human can succeed at , even with organizations leveraging more artificial intelligence and algorithms to determine suspicious activities and identify them before hackers get access to their crown jewels .
“ We always assume people are hacking near perfect systems , ” said Leuprecht . “ We have major human errors in the way the system are set up . Most people actually run terrible operations including some of the largest in the country . ”
Failure to patch and update systems is another area where human error causes critical fallout , Kabilan noted .
“ It 's so much of a non-starter that it 's not being done , ” they said , referencing the WannaCry ransomware attack , which infected hundreds of thousands of computers in May and scrambled data at hospitals , factories , government agencies , banks and other businesses around the world .
“ ( WannaCry ) spread because some people clicked on a link but the reason it proliferated was that it took advantage of an unpatched system . ”
Organizations need to get a better handle on setting up simple deterrents to make it as unattractive as possible to try to steal information , said Leuprecht .
“ For instance , if you 're storing credit card information , or things that have lots of numbers , you can create fake versions of them … So if somebody gets a hold of all these numbers they do n't know what the fakes are and what the real ones are , ” said Leuprecht .
“ If you 're just an organized criminal operation that 's trying to extract financial data , you do n't want to invest millions of dollars and hours trying to sift through all the data to figure out what 's real , what 's fake , what 's usable . ”
Other effective methods not be used by companies are exfiltration detectors that examine outgoing data and block any documents that are intended to remain inside the network , they added .
“ This is not rocket science , ” said Leuprecht . “ You have a water main break , you shut it down . ”
Follow @ DaveHTO on Twitter .
NEW YORK — Liberty Island has been evacuated because of a climber at the Statue of Liberty .
A person climbed the statue 's base on the Fourth of July shortly after several people were arrested after hanging a banner from the statue 's pedestal calling for abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
News helicopter video showed the climber sitting Wednesday by the bottom of the statue 's robes , about 100 feet ( 30 metres ) aboveground . Police nearby tried to persuade the climber to descend .
Earlier , National Park Service spokesperson Jerry Willis said at least six people were taken into custody for the banner , which read “ Abolish I.C.E. , ” referring to part of the Department of Homeland Security .
Willis says federal regulations prohibit hanging banners from the monument .
Banner organizing group Rise and Resist says the climber is n't connected to its demonstration .
After thrilling more than 8 million people worldwide , CORTEO will visit Chattanooga at the McKenzie Arena for a limited run of six performances , from May 10 to 13 , 2018 .
This unique production directed by Daniele Finzi Pasca premiered in Montreal in April 2005 and has visited 64 cities in 19 countries .
CORTEO , which means cortege in Italian , is a joyous procession , a festive parade imagined by a clown . The show brings together the passion of the actor with the grace and power of the acrobat to plunge the audience into a theatrical world of fun , comedy and spontaneity situated in a mysterious space between heaven and earth .
The clown pictures their own funeral taking place in a carnival atmosphere , watched over by quietly caring angels . Juxtaposing the large with the small , the ridiculous with the tragic and the magic of perfection with the charm of imperfection , the show highlights the strength and fragility of the clown , as well as their wisdom and kindness , to illustrate the portion of humanity that is within each of us . The music turns lyrical and playful carrying CORTEO through a timeless celebration in which illusion teases reality .
The cast of CORTEO includes 51 acrobats , musicians , singers and actors from all around the world .
The number of Māori students enrolled at the University of Otago is at an all-time high , after enrolment figures show a 10 percent increase in Māori students in the past year .
Spokesperson Matiu Workman says most Māori students are enrolled in health sciences , studying dentistry and medicine . Other popular areas of study include physical education and law .
Workman says the reason for the increase could be due to the “ awesome support ” for Māori students at the university . Or they say it could be because of the new fees-free policy started by the government in January , which is motivating Māori students to study .
As part of the fees-free policy , all New Zealand students who finished school in 2017 qualify for a year of free provider-based tertiary education or industry training . Adults who have previously studied for less than half full-time year of tertiary education or industry training also qualify .
Māori Development kaiwhakahaere Tuari Potiki says the university is proud of another increase in Māori numbers .
“ Our students are the most successful tauira Māori in the country , and word is getting out that Otago is the go-to for Māori students , ” says Potiki .
Māori students have already achieved population parity for admissions into medicine , the university 's most competitive undergraduate programme .
However , Vice Chancellor Harlene Hayne says the goal of overall population parity is their next target .
“ A milestone is only a marker point on a journey , not the end of a journey . We have some more ground to cover yet , ” they say .
( AP Photo/Phil Long ) . New York Yankees relief pitcher Chad Green waits for Cleveland Indians ' Francisco Lindor to run the bases after Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth inning of Game 2 of baseball 's American League Division Series , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2 ...
( AP Photo/David Dermer ) . New York Yankees relief pitcher Aroldis Chapman throws to first base to try to get Cleveland Indians ' Austin Jackson during the 10th inning of Game 2 of baseball 's American League Division Series , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , in Cleve ...
( AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais ) . Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon watches from the dugout the final out of the fifth inning during in Game 1 of baseball 's National League Division Series against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park , Friday , Oc ...
By The Associated Press
A look at what 's happening all around the majors today :
___
KRYPTONITE
Justin Turner and the major league-best Dodgers try to solve nemesis Robbie Ray ( 15-5 , 2.89 ERA , 218 Ks ) and take a 2-0 lead over the Diamondbacks in their NL Division Series . Ray dominated the Dodgers during the regular season , going 3-0 in five starts with a 2.27 ERA and a whopping 53 strikeouts in 31 2/3 innings . They even went 5 for 12 ( .417 ) at the plate with two RBIs . But the left-hander threw 34 pitches over 2 1/3 innings in relief Wednesday during Arizona 's wild-card win over Colorado , so it will be interesting to see how fresh they look . Los Angeles counters with lefty Rich Hill ( 12-8 , 3.32 ) , who had a 2.77 ERA at home this year . They were 0-3 with a 5.03 ERA in four starts against the Diamondbacks overall .
ARMS RACE
Kyle Hendricks and the Cubs beat Nationals ace Stephen Strasburg 3-0 in a well-pitched opener Friday night . On deck , it 's a matchup of veteran left-handers in Game 2 of their NL Division Series at 5:38 p.m. EDT . Jon Lester ( 13-8 ) starts for the defending World Series champions against Gio Gonzalez ( 15-9 ) and Washington after two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer was pushed back to Game 3 because of a tender hamstring . Gonzalez said they had been preparing to pitch Monday at Wrigley Field until they were told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2 . Lester won their final two starts , allowing one run over 11 innings , after compiling an 8.22 ERA in their previous five games . They are 9-7 with a 2.63 ERA in their postseason career .
TAKE A BREAK
Boston 's pitchers get a breather after being battered by the Astros in the first two games of their ALDS , and nearly all the arms need a rest in the Yankees-Indians series following Friday 's extra-inning showdown . Houston leads its best-of-five matchup 2-0 after a pair of 8-2 wins , including a three-homer outburst from Jose Altuve on Thursday and long balls from Carlos Correa and George Springer on Friday . The Red Sox and Game 3 starter Doug Fister will plot for Houston during a workout at Fenway Park before that series resumes Sunday . New York and Cleveland will get a practice day at Yankee Stadium .
EVALUATING EDWIN
Cleveland is hoping for good news on slugger Edwin Encarnacion , who left Friday 's 9-8 , 13-inning win over the Yankees with a sprained right ankle . The injury looked bad - Encarnacion rolled in the infield dirt in obvious pain after going awkwardly into second base - but an MRI showed only the sprain . Indians manager Terry Francona said late Friday that Encarnacion is day to day .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
A man is dead after a stabbing at the Elks Lodge in Princeton on Saturday , April 15 .
At approximately 11:38 p.m. on Saturday , Princeton police officers responded to a reported stabbing at the Elks Lodge , located at 1050 South Jefferson Street in Princeton , Kentucky .
When officers arrived at the scene they found the victim , William Grant Beckner , 50 , Archie Ortt Road , lying on the ground with multiple stab wounds . They were taken to the Caldwell County ER where they were pronounced dead .
Witnesses told officers that Beckner was involved in an altercation inside the club with the suspect , Joseph W Anderson , 54 , of Princeton . The scuffle then continued outside where it escalated to a fist fight . During the course of the fight , police say Beckner was stabbed multiple times .
According to Princeton police , Anderson fled the scene and was later found in Cadiz . They were taken into custody and is charged with murder .
Anderson is the superintendent of Princeton Water and Wastewater .
An autopsy is scheduled for Monday , April 17 at 11 a.m. at the medical examiner 's office in Madisonville .
Officers were assisted at the scene by Caldwell County Sheriff 's Deputies and Kentucky State Police .
Download the KFVS News app : iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS . All rights reserved .
An Ohio Congressman was at the baseball field when a gunman opened fire during a Republican Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va. Wednesday morning .
An Ohio Congressman was at the baseball field when a gunman opened fire during a Republican Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Va. Wednesday morning .
In 1909 , a former baseball player and lawmaker organized the first Congressional Baseball Game . The series is tied between the Democrats and Republicans .
In 1909 , a former baseball player and lawmaker organized the first Congressional Baseball Game . The series is tied between the Democrats and Republicans .
Politicians from the president to state governors have condemned the shooting at a GOP baseball practice and extended thoughts and prayers to Rep. Steve Scalise .
Politicians from the president to state governors have condemned the shooting at a GOP baseball practice and extended thoughts and prayers to Rep. Steve Scalise .
The Illinois man who shot a Republican member of congress and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation 's capital had a number of run-ins with police in recent years .
The Illinois man who shot a Republican member of congress and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation 's capital had a number of run-ins with police in recent years .
President Donald Trump says they and the vice president are `` deeply saddened '' by news of a shooting `` tragedy '' at a congressional baseball game .
President Donald Trump says they and the vice president are `` deeply saddened '' by news of a shooting `` tragedy '' at a congressional baseball game .
James Hodgkinson , a 66-year-old from Belleville , IL , is the suspected shooter who opened fire at a GOP lawmakers ' baseball practice in Alexandria , VA , on Wednesday . ( Source : Facebook )
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise , R-LA , was among multiple people shot at a baseball practice for GOP lawmakers and staff Wednesday in Alexandria , VA. ( Source : House.gov )
Law enforcement officers investigate the scene of a shooting near a baseball field in Alexandria , Va. , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . was shot at a Congressional baseball practice . ( AP Photo/Alex Brandon )
ALEXANDRIA , VA ( RNN ) - President Donald Trump said during a national news conference that the shooter who opened fired on Republican Congressional lawmakers and staff as they practiced baseball died from their injuries .
Trump refused to say the name of the alleged gunman , identified by multiple news outlets as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson from Belleville , IL . Pro-Bernie Sanders and anti-Trump posts are featured on a Facebook page with someone of the same name and hometown , but the page has not been confirmed as the shooter .
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among the shooting victims , and they are in stable condition . House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters that Scalise was out of surgery .
Capitol Police officers , part of Scalise 's security detail as a member of House leadership , were injured in the shooting . They have been identified as Krystal Griner and David Bailey , and they have been credited with preventing the attack from being far worse .
House Speaker Paul Ryan identified and thanked Bailey and Griner for their bravery , in an address on the House floor .
`` We are united , '' they said to House members . `` We are united in our shock and anguish . An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us . ''
Rep. Roger Williams , R-TX , said Zack Barth , a legislative correspondent in their office , was among the people who were shot , but they are expected to make a full recovery . Matt Mika , a lobbyist for Tyson Foods , also sustained injuries . Tyson spokesperson Gary Mickelson told the AP that Mika was taken to a hospital , and they are waiting on word of their condition .
Rep. Jeff Duncan , R-SC , and Rep. Ron DeSantis , R-FL , said they were at the field before the shooting and briefly spoke to the suspected shooter . They said the man asked if it was the Republicans or Democrats practicing , and they told them it was Republicans .
According to the Washington Post , Hodgkinson was charged in April 2006 with battery and aiding damage to a motor vehicle , but the charges were dismissed . Their wife told ABC News that they had been living in Alexandria for a couple of months .
St. Louis Post-Dispatch said the suspect owned a home inspection business , but the business license expired last year .
Scalise 's office released a statement that they had been shot in the hip but in stable condition at MedStar Washington Hospital .
`` Prior to entering surgery , the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to their wife by phone , '' stated the office representative . `` He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police , first responders and colleagues . ''
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is now heading up the investigation because members of Congress were involved in the shooting . FBI Special Agent in Charge Tim Slater would not comment on if the Republican lawmakers were specifically targeted , if the shooting was domestic terrorism , or on what is the motive of the shooter .
The Associated Press reported the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives was tracing a rifle and a handgun involved in the shooting to find where they were purchased.Congressman Mo Brooks , R-AL , said they were practicing for an upcoming charity baseball game with Democratic lawmakers , when `` 50 to 100 shots were fired . ''
Alexandria Police Chief Michael Brown said officers responded within minutes , and they are collaborating with Capitol police , Virginia State Police and the FBI .
`` Police received fire from the suspect and returned fire , '' Brown said .
Police reportedly have found the suspect 's vehicle , per CNN .
Sen. Bernie Sanders delivered a statement on the Senate floor . They said they learned the suspect volunteered for their presidential campaign , and they are sickened by the `` despicable act . ''
They hope and prays for the victims to make a complete recovery and thanks Capitol Police for their action .
`` Let me be as clear as I can be . Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society , and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms , '' Sanders said . `` Real change can only come about through nonviolent action , and anything else runs against our most deeply held beliefs . ''
Karoline Hutson , public relations manager for George Washington Hospital , told Washington Post that two people from the shooting were there in critical condition .
Update on the Condition of Majority Whip Steve Scalise https : //t.co/Lfna1fgHLL pic.twitter.com/BVGXbOKRMY — Rep. Steve Scalise ( @ SteveScalise ) June 14 , 2017
Brooks said they were in the on-deck circle when the first shots were fired , and they and others took cover in one of the dugouts . They said the shooter was `` taken down . ''
`` Once we got the all-clear that the shooter was down , we ran out to second base for Steve Scalise , '' Brooks said . `` He had crawled into the outfield , leaving a trail of blood . And we started giving them some liquids ; I put pressure on their wound in their hip .
`` Brad Wenstrup , a member of congress from Ohio … fortunately , he 's a physician . They started doing what you need to do to try to minimize the blood loss . ''
Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona said at least one kid , Rep. Joe Barton 's 10-year-old son , was at the field . The child was unharmed .
`` I got Steve Scalise 's phone and called their wife , '' Flake said . `` I just did n't want them to wake up and hear the news and not know what was going on . ''
Rep. Brad Wenstrup ( R-OH ) -- a physician -- tells me They TREATED SCALISE at the scene ... that Scalise was `` conscious and okay . '' — Steven Portnoy ( @ stevenportnoy ) June 14 , 2017
Sen. Rand Paul , R-KY , said on Twitter that they were there and `` shaken but unharmed . ''
`` Many people likely would have died this morning if not for the bravery of the Capitol Police , '' they said in a statement . `` My thanks to them are inadequate but heartfelt . They never hesitated to put their lives on the line to save everyone . Please pray for all those who were injured . ''
House votes have been canceled for the day , said Rep. Dave Brat , R-VA . There was increased security outside the U.S. Capitol after the shooting , with more officers guarding the East Front with long weapons . Tourists were still participating in scheduled tours .
UPDATE : Suspect is in custody and not a threat . PIO will be onscene shortly to share updates . — Alexandria Police ( @ AlexandriaVAPD ) June 14 , 2017
You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq , but this morning it did . — Brad Wenstrup ( @ RepBradWenstrup ) June 14 , 2017
The charity game is set for Thursday , and it is expected to go ahead as scheduled at Nationals Park . They expected to raise at least $ 600,000 for an area literacy center and Boys and Girls Club .
Gabby Giffords , a former U.S. representative who was shot by an attacker in 2011 , called the shooting an attack on all who serve or participate in `` our democracy . '' They said they are heartbroken for the victims , their families and all who had to endure the attack .
`` May all Americans come together today with prayers for the survivors , love for their friends and family , and the courage to go about every day making this country its best , '' they said in a statement . `` Our nation is resilient , and we always come back stronger . ''
The full roster of the GOP baseball team , according to the Congressional Baseball website :
Joe Barton TX-06
Jack Bergman MI-1
Mike Bishop MI-08
Kevin Brady TX-08
Mo Brooks AL-05
Mike Conaway TX-11
Ryan Costello PA-07
Rodney Davis IL-13
Ron Desantis FL-6
Jeff Duncan SC-03
Jeff Flake AZ
Chuck Fleischmann TN-03
Matt Gaetz FL-01
Bill Johnson OH-06
Trent Kelly MS-01
Darren LaHood IL-18
Doug LaMalfa CA-01
Barry Loudermilk GA-11
Roger Marshall KS-1
Pat Meehan PA-07
John Moolenaar MI-04
Steve Palazzo MS-04
Gary Palmer AL-06
Rand Paul KY
Erik Paulsen MN-03
Steve Pearce NM-02
Thomas Rooney FL-17
Dennis Ross FL-15
Steve Scalise LA-01
John Shimkus IL-15
Mark Walker NC-06
Brad Wenstrup OH-02
Roger Williams TX-25
Kevin Yoder KS-03
Copyright 2017 Raycom News Network . All rights reserved .
By MICHAEL MIYOBA
CHIPOLOPOLO Striker Justine Shonga has been accused of signing two contracts with two different Premier Soccer League clubs in South Africa .
Shonga who recently joined South African giants Orlando Pirates on a free transfer after parting ways with FAZ Super division outfit Nkwazi FC , is also said to have penned a three year deal with Mamelodi Sundowns .
The ‘ Brazilians ' ( Mamelodi ) have claimed that Shonga signed a pre-contract with them following the conclusion of the 2017 COSAFA Cup in July .
Mamelodi head coach Pitso Mosimane also confirmed that they were present when the 20-year old Chipolopolo striker signed a pre-contract with the Tshwane giants .
Speaking in an interview in South Africa , Mosimane claimed that they even took a picture with the Chipolopolo striker when they visited Mamelodi during the negotiation period .
“ There is a little bit of confusion there with Justin . Justin came to the club , we talked to him . There is a little bit of irregularities , but I was there when we signed Justin . We will see how it goes forward , ” Mosimane said .
Mumelodi spokesperson Thulani Thuswa confirmed to local a media house that the club 's legal team was assessing the matter before any action could implement .
Thuswa said Shonga signed a five-year contract with Sundowns in July and was to join the team in January , but could not do so because the club had already exceeded its foreign quota .
“ Yes , the boy signed a contract with Sundowns in July . They signed a five-year contract . It was three years with an option to renew with two years ,
“ Our legal team is having a look at the matter and we will then refer our contract to the Premier Soccer League . We are pursuing the matter .
Meanwhile Pirates have denied knowing anything about Sundowns ' signing on Shonga .
Pirates administrative manager Flyod Mbele said Shonga was their player .
“ I do n't know that they signed a pre-contract with Sundowns . What I know is that they signed for Pirates , ” Mbele said .
Shonga 's agent , Michael Ngobeni , also dismissed Sundowns claim that Shonga signed a contract with them .
Ngobeni said the former Nkwazi FC top man was happy and focused to delivering great results at Orlando Pirates .
“ The player is happy at Pirates . He 's got a contract with Pirates and not anyone else . As we speak , he 's in camp with the Zambian national team . They are focused on doing well in the upcoming league games , ” said Ngobeni .
Shonga made their debut in the PSL when they were introduced in the second half of Pirates ' 2-2 draw with Polokwane City last weekend .
Share
It takes grit to be a pilot . One glance at all the buttons , gauges , and toggles in an airplane cockpit is evidence of that . Even though automated systems are increasingly taking over tasks on commercial flights , as long as there are pilots in the plane , they will wear the weight of responsibility for all its passengers .
That is to say , flying planes can be stressful . In cases where something goes wrong , coordination between the human and the automated systems can be strained .
In a bid to develop a “ smart cockpit , ” where pilot and plane become one , a team of researchers from Drexel University and a French aerospace engineering institute , ISAE-SUPAERO , have demonstrated that they can measure a pilot 's brain activity in real time . Using this study as a launching pad , they hope to design advanced technologies and training plans to help pilots overcome challenging mid-flight situations .
Using a portable fNIRS ( functional near-infrared spectroscopy , which differs from the more familiar fMRI and can be worn like a headband ) , the researchers studied two groups of pilots — one flying a plane and one using a simulator . The device measures blood oxygenation changes in the prefrontal cortex , just beneath the forehead , where things like problem-solving and judgment are controlled , and is often used as a location to study the “ brain at work . ”
“ This study is the very first to demonstrate that it is possible to monitor pilot 's brainwave in real time with fNIRS in highly realistic settings such as motion flight simulator and real flight condition , ” Frédéric Dehais , a professor at ISAE-SUPAERO and expert in flight safety , told Digital Trends . The researchers also found that actually being in the cockpit — as opposed to a simulation — caused pilots to make more errors , which Dehais said , “ suggests that the simulators may need to be calibrated against real flying conditions to be more engaging . ”
Along with Hasan Ayaz , a research professor at Drexel , Dehais aims to develop a brain-computer interface based on fNIRS to improve training through a sort of neurological feedback . They then plan to use this system to monitor brain activity during operational flight , to better understand the pilot 's cognitive processes .
“ These daily measures can be used to assess pilot 's cognitive workload state and mental fatigue thus providing airlines with analyses tools for crew rostering and flight safety officers , ” Dehais said . “ A last step is to adapt the flight deck depending on the crew 's workload to overcome cognitive bottleneck . The objective is to optimize task allocation between the pilots , the copilots and automation in order to enable better task switching , interruption management , and multi-tasking . ”
The end result would be a futuristic cockpit , where pilot and plane become one . A paper detailing the research was published this month in the journal Frontiers in Human Neuroscience .
Following the release of their video “ Miss Me , ” Leikeli47 is back today to announce their debut album . Wash & Set is due 9/8 via Hardcover/RCA Records , and to coincide with the announcement Leikeli47 is sharing a new video . “ O.M.C. ” follows the lead single from the project “ Miss Me , ” and is accompanied by an intense black and white visual featuring the Brooklyn-based marching band , Approaching Storm .
Recently , Leikeli47 's track “ Attitude ” was featured as the lead single from the soundtrack for HBO 's show Insecure . Leikeli47 will be performing their new material live for the first time on August 15th at Baby 's Alright in New York . Fans can also check them out on August 26th at Afropunk Festival in Brooklyn and on September 3rd at Bumbershoot Festival in Seattle . Check out the official “ O.M.C. ” video .
The actor had been admitted to hospital in Los Angeles earlier this month .
Austin Powers star Verne Troyer has died aged 49 , their official social media accounts have confirmed .
The diminutive US actor , best known for playing Mini-Me in the spy comedy films , had openly struggled with alcoholism .
Earlier this month the Hollywood star had been admitted to hospital in Los Angeles .
It is with great sadness and incredibly heavy hearts to write thatVerne passed away today.Verne was an extremely… Posted by Verne J Troyer on Saturday , April 21 , 2018
A statement posted on their social media pages read : “ It is with great sadness and incredibly heavy hearts to write that Verne passed away today .
“ Verne was an extremely caring individual . They wanted to make everyone smile , be happy , and laugh .
“ Verne was also a fighter when it came to their own battles . Over the years he 's struggled and won , struggled and won , struggled and fought some more , but unfortunately this time was too much .
“ You never know what kind of battle someone is going through inside . Be kind to one another . And always know , it 's never too late to reach out to someone for help . ”
RIP & fly with the angels @ VerneTroyer . Thank you for all you gave the world . You are already missed… pic.twitter.com/RQVjxWvz1Z — Shannon Elizabeth ( @ ShannonElizab ) April 21 , 2018
Troyer , who appeared on Celebrity Big Brother in 2009 , was recently baptised while surrounded by family , the message added .
The actor 's credits also include Harry Potter And The Philosopher 's Stone and Men In Black .
The statement added that , rather than flowers , well-wishers should donate to their “ two favourite charities ; The Starkey Hearing Foundation and Best Buddies ” .
American glamour model Carmen Electra shared a snap of the two of them on Instagram in which they can be seen holding Troyer in their arms .
The Baywatch actor simply posted “ R.I.P Verne Troyer ” along with the image .
West Wing star Marlee Matlin took to Twitter in the wake of the news , describing them as having a “ lovely smile with a caring and big heart ” .
Singer Vanilla Ice and American Pie actor Shannon Elizabeth also posted images of themselves with Troyer following the news of their death .
Child Health Experts Urge Facebook To Pull Plug on Messenger Kids
Child development experts and advocates are urging Facebook to pull the plug on its new messaging app aimed at kids .
A group letter sent Tuesday to CEO Mark Zuckerberg argues that younger children -- the app is intended for those under 13 -- are n't ready to have social media accounts , navigate the complexities of online relationships or protect their own privacy .
Facebook launched the free Messenger Kids app in December , pitching it as a way for children to chat with family members and friends approved by parents . It does n't give kids separate Facebook or Messenger accounts . Rather , the app works as an extension of a parent 's account , and parents get controls such as the ability to decide who their kids can chat with .
The social media giant has said it fills `` a need for a messaging app that lets kids connect with people they love but also has the level of control parents want . '' But critics see the move as a way for Facebook to lure in a younger audience before they could move on to a rival service such as Snapchat .
`` Targeting Younger Children ''
A group of 100 experts , advocates and parenting organizations is contesting Facebook 's claims of filling a need . Led by the Boston-based Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood , the group includes psychiatrists , pediatricians , educators and the children 's music singer Raffi Cavoukian .
`` Messenger Kids is not responding to a need -- it is creating one , '' the letter states . `` It appeals primarily to children who otherwise would not have their own social media accounts . '' Another passage criticized Facebook for `` targeting younger children with a new product . ''
In a statement , Facebook said on Monday that the app `` helps parents and children to chat in a safer way , '' and emphasized that parents are `` always in control '' of their kids ' activity . The social media giant added that it consulted with parenting experts and families , and said `` there is no advertising in Messenger Kids . ''
Kids and Facebook
A variety of experts and technology insiders have begun questioning the effects smartphones and social media apps are having on people 's health and mental well-being -- whether kids , teens or adults . Sean Parker , Facebook 's first president , said late last year that the social media platform exploits `` vulnerability in human psychology '' to addict users . A chorus of other early employees and investors piled on with similar criticisms .
Many preteens have already found their way onto Facebook and more youth-oriented social media platforms such as Snapchat and Facebook 's own Instagram , despite internal rules that require users to be at least 13 years old . Those rules are based in part on federal law , which prohibits internet companies from collecting personal information on children without their parents ' permission and imposes restrictions on advertising to them .
Some companies have offered parental controls as a way of curbing unauthorized preteen use of their platforms . But Facebook 's new kid-focused app , which features animations and emojis , seems to cater to a younger audience , said Josh Golin , executive director of Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood .
`` It looks like something that would appeal to a 6-year-old or 7-year-old , '' they said .
They said the app gets those younger ones used to Facebook 's platform `` and then they transition to the mature version of Facebook . ''
Uncertain Impact
Facebook would n't answer questions about how popular the messaging app has been . But App Annie , an app analytics firm , said Messenger Kids has been downloaded about 80,000 times on Apple 's iOS devices -- iPhones , iPads and the iPod Touch -- since it launched on Dec. 4 . It 's been in the top 40 most popular kids ' apps since then . That sounds like a lukewarm reception at best .
University of Michigan developmental behavioral pediatrician Jenny Radesky , who co-signed the letter , said she 's never met a parent who was clamoring to get their children onto social media at an earlier age .
`` One can only assume that Facebook introduced it to engage users younger and younger , '' Radesky said .
That 's troubling , they said , because younger children have n't yet developed the cognitive skills that enable them to think about and regulate their thoughts and actions and `` allow them to realize when persuasive technology design might be manipulating them . ''
At the time it launched Messenger Kids , Facebook said it wo n't show ads or collect data for marketing to kids . And it stressed that it wo n't automatically move users to the regular Messenger or Facebook when they get old enough -- though it might give them the option to move contacts to Messenger down the line .
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock/Artist 's concept .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
A lady named Nicole Johnson is the co-director of the Butterball Turkey Talk-line…
They and over 50 operators are standing by , ready to answer your calls regarding your thanksgiving bird . Nicole says over the 10,000 plus calls regarding Thanksgiving have some into their call centre…
she 's had to un- recommend a few things ; for example , Do n't swaddle your frozen bird in an electric blanket or toss it in the bathtub with your toddler twins…Nicole has even had calls with people unable to find the breast ! ( giggle )
Most asked questions include :
How long to thaw
How long to roast
To Stuff or Not to Stuff
What 's the secret to tender meat
To reach the Butterball Turkey Talk-Line , call 1-800-BUTTERBALL ( 1-800-288-8372 ) or text 1-844-877-3456 .
PDP calls for proper investigation as CCT acquits Saraki
The National Vice-Chairman ( South-South ) of the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) , Emmanuel Ogidi , has called for a proper investigation into corruption allegations before prosecution . Ogidi gave the advice while speaking with reporters in Abuja , following the acquital of Senate President Bukola Saraki by the Code of Conduct Tribunal ( CCT ) on Wednesday . Ogidi said that the tribunal [ … ]
PDP calls for proper investigation as CCT acquits Saraki
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Fifteen years ago , southbound U.S. Highway 395 ended just north of Mount Rose Highway . Commuters between Reno and Carson City drove through Pleasant Valley , a scenic stretch with more traffic than it could handle . Drivers picked up speed on the freeway stretch through Washoe Valley but were then dumped on Carson City 's main street , where slow speed limits and an abundance of traffic lights slowed traffic to a crawl through the Capital City .
Construction of Interstate 580 began in 2002 , although planning had started decades before . The I-580 stretch to from Reno to Washoe Valley — bypassing Pleasant Valley — opened Aug. 27 , 2012 . It included the most complex span of the project , the Galena Creek cathedral arch bridge , which is the largest structure of its kind . The Carson City section stretching from Lakeview Hill to William Street opened February 2006 , and the next stretch to Fairview Drive was finished in September 2009 . The last stretch of I-580 from Fairview to the base of Spooner Summit south of Carson City , opened to traffic Aug. 2 , 2017 .
An elderly man has been airlifted to hospital following a single-vehicle crash yesterday .
An elderly man has been airlifted to hospital following a single-vehicle crash yesterday . Contributed
A 68-YEAR-OLD man has been airlifted in a stable condition following a single vehicle crash just north of Gympie yesterday afternoon .
The driver and a female passenger were travelling along Maryborough-Cooloola Rd just after 3pm when their car was involved in the accident .
The man was treated for head injuries by a LifeFlight crew and then airlifted to Sunshine Coast University Hospital .
The passenger received treatment on scene by Queensland Ambulance Service paramedics , before being transported by road to Gympie Hospital .
( Gian Ehrenzeller/Keystone via AP ) . Sergey Ustiugov of Russia skis during the men 's 15 km free style race at the cross-country World Cup in Davos , Switzerland , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 .
By JAMES ELLINGWORTH
AP Sports Writer
MOSCOW ( AP ) - Russian athletes are overwhelmingly in favor of competing at the upcoming Pyeongchang Games despite a ban on the national team , the country 's Olympic committee said Monday .
Sofia Velikaya said the Russian Olympic Committee 's athletes ' commission , which they chair , has heard from `` all the athletes in all sports '' on the Olympic program , with a majority in favor of competing .
Velikaya said no athletes have told the ROC they would rather boycott .
`` At the current moment , everyone 's training and everyone 's hoping to take part in the Olympics , '' Velikaya said .
The International Olympic Committee last week barred the Russian team from Pyeongchang because of doping offenses at the 2014 Sochi Games , but is allowing Russians to compete under a neutral flag as `` Olympic Athletes from Russia . ''
Last week , Russian President Vladimir Putin said the government wo n't stand in their way .
ROC spokesperson Konstantin Vybornov said teams from biathlon and snowboard had recorded videos affirming their desire to compete , while the men 's hockey team has written `` a collective letter . ''
Some Russian hardliners believe it is shameful for athletes to compete at the Olympics without their national flag . But Velikaya defended the athletes , saying everyone watching will know who is from Russia .
`` The choice of competing at the Olympics is strictly individual , '' Velikaya said . `` I call on Russian society to treat athletes ' decisions with understanding and respect . ''
With the IOC due to send out invitations to individual Russians over the next two months , Velikaya said Russian sports officials would put together lists of their preferred teams . Those rosters , they said , would stop the IOC from inviting `` numbers five and six '' in the Russian team while leaving out genuine medal contenders .
Russia is pushing back against some IOC conditions , however , backing appeals by Russian athletes banned for doping at the 2014 Sochi Olympics .
Velikaya also said their commission will ask the IOC to remove a condition stopping athletes from being invited to Pyeongchang if they have been suspended for doping in the past . That affects a few athletes with earlier offenses unconnected to the Sochi Olympics , including biathletes banned for using the blood-booster EPO and speedskating world champion Denis Yuskov , who was suspended in 2008 after testing positive for marijuana .
Forcing the Russians to compete as neutral athletes puts the IOC in the uncomfortable position of regulating how they celebrate .
The Russian flag wo n't be flown at medal ceremonies , but what happens if a Russian winner accepts a flag or a gift from a spectator for a victory lap ? Can Russian athletes fly the flag from their windows in the athletes village ? Those are on a list of questions Vybornov said Russia will ask of the IOC .
`` A figure skater wins , let 's say , and they throw them a teddy bear in Russian uniform onto the ice , '' Vybornov said . `` She picks it up . Can they do that ? Or is that an offense ? ''
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
TORONTO — The final budget before a looming provincial election will offer measures to cut hospital wait times , lower child-care costs and expand mental-health services while reducing the overall deficit , the Ontario government said Monday .
The Liberal governments ' speech from the throne , read out by Lt.-Gov . Elizabeth Dowdeswell , offered no specific numbers for the promised investments , simply saying they would be announced in the March 28 budget .
But the speech outlined some of the government 's priorities for the final parliamentary session before the June 7 election , a contest in which polls suggest the Liberals are trailing the Progressive Conservatives .
Health care is poised to be a major focus of the coming budget , the government said , promising “ significant investments ” in hospital operations with a view to reducing hospital wait times .
Similar funding will be earmarked to expand home-care services , mental-health and addictions care , the speech said .
The government also announced plans to expand the OHIP Plus program that currently offers free pharmacare to residents under the age of 25 , saying it wants to make the program available to a larger swath of the population .
“ Your government 's plan for care and opportunity is the right way forward for Ontario 's people , and Ontario 's economy , because the well-being of both are intrinsically linked , ” Dowdeswell told the legislature .
The speech also hinted at measures to address the cost of child care , which it identified as a “ stumbling block ” for many families .
It also contained promises for later in the child 's life cycle , saying it would expand the program that currently offers free tuition to thousands of people .
Dowdeswell said the 2018 budget will run a small deficit of one per cent and would map out “ a clear path ” back to balance .
Finance Minister Charles Sousa said it would be “ precarious ” to pursue a balanced budget and health-care supports simultaneously , adding that the current measures strike the best compromise .
“ We can continue to balance , or we could continue to make these other investments that stimulate economic growth as well , ” they said . “ We 're choosing to do that with a moderate deficit next year in order to accommodate all those areas . ”
The speech made no mention of rising hydro rates that have contributed to historically low popularity rates for Premier Kathleen Wynne and which are expected to be a key issue at the ballot box when voters go to the polls .
At least one opposition party promptly dismissed the Liberals ' planned health-care measures as carrots dangled in anticipation of the looming vote .
New Democrat Leader Andrea Horwath likened the plan to their own dental-care platform announced just days ago , which saw their promise to invest $ 1.2 billion on a dental program that would subsidize care for 4.5 million residents .
“ The difference is New Democrats actually believe these things and will implement them upon being elected , ” Horwath said , adding that the Liberals often change their tune after they 've already been voted in . “ We believe in these things before elections and after elections . ”
Horwath has said the money for the dental care program , dubbed Ontario Benefits , would be raised through tax increases on corporations and wealthy individuals . They have said their government would run a deficit , but not provided additional details .
When the dust settled at the end of the 30 lap main event , Little Falls pilot Landon Atkinson reigned supreme over 24 other drivers . For their efforts , Atkinson took home a custom made trophy and a check for $ 2,500 .
Other drivers who visited Marthaler Chevrolet Victory Lane included Don Shaw in the WISSOTA Late Models , Jeff Crouse in the WISSOTA Super Stocks , Bryan Crandall in the WISSOTA Street Stocks , Tim Ims in the WISSOTA Midwest Modifieds and Brock Volker in the Pure Stocks .
Late Models
Casey Meyer and Don Shaw paced the nine car Greeley Plumbing & Heating WISSOTA Late Model feature to the green .
Early in the race , Shaw planted their car on the high side of the track and began to open up a nice lead over Greg Meyer and Zach Johnson . A couple of cautions would fly over the speedway over the course of the 20-lap event , with Shaw continuing to pace the field on each restart .
On the last restart , Johnson settled into the second spot , but would have nothing for Shaw as they raced to the win , their 18th feature win of the season .
Fallen Lineman Feature
After three 10-lap heat races and a redrawn for the top nine drivers , Landon Atkinson and Ken Hron brought the 25-car Fallen Lineman feature to the green .
Atkinson , who has shown speed at Viking in their visits earlier this season , wasted no time jumping into the lead . With Atkinson up front , Dusty Bitzan raced into the second spot and settled in . A myriad of cautions slowed the main event during the first five laps , including one for fourth starting Zach Johnson , who lost a drive shaft in turn two , ending their night .
The field lined back up and restarted with 28 laps remaining and Atkinson jumped back into the lead , with Bitzan hot on their heels , as the duo blistered the high side of the speedway . With the top two locked into their spots , Josh Thoennes , Jason Thoennes and Jeremy Nelson began to race to the front . Nelson , who is the current Advantage RV Mod Tour point leader , raced up to challenge Andy Jones for the fourth spot near the midway point of the race .
The field would once again be slowed for several cautions with around 10 laps to go , but each time Atkinson showed the way . They never wavered on their way to the win .
Super Stocks
Rookie driver Jon Crouse and veteran Bryan Hellerman paced the 11 car Greeley Plumbing & Heating WISSOTA Super Stocks feature to the green .
As the leaders entered turn two , Hellerman slipped off the banking bringing out the first of many cautions in the event . With the green back out , Crouse jumped into the lead , as they looked for their first feature win of their career . Behind Jon , the usual suspects , Tim Johnson and Jeff Crouse searched for a way to the front of the field .
Jeff worked their way into second and worked their way around Jon and raced into the lead , with Matt Miller making a charge on the lower side of the track . Miller raced into second , but back out front it was all Jeff Crouse as they cruised to the win .
Street Stocks
Gary Reents and Bryan Crandall rolled off from row one in the 10 car Wayne 's Auto Repair WISSOTA Street Stock feature event .
After an early caution , Crandall jumped to the lead on the high side of the track . On the final restart , with nine to go , Crandall led Tim Johnson and Justin Vogel to the green . Johnson looked to the bottom of Crandall in turn one , but Crandall fought them off down the back chute . With the laps ticking down , Crandall continued to lead , and raced to their first career Viking Speedway win .
Midwest Modified
Tim Ims and Pat Stepan showed the way from the front row in the Villard Implement WISSOTA Midwest Modified feature .
At the drop of the green , Ims jumped to the lead with Brandon Dolman and Nick Bruder battling for the second spot . Only a couple of laps into the race , Bruder raced into the second spot , while Randy Laage moved into the fourth spot , behind Dolman . Ims continuing to lead , and they did n't leave any doubt as raced to their first Viking win of the season .
Pure stocks
A week after wrecking their car , Brock Volker visited victory lane in the Cenex of Alexandria Pure Stock feature .
Volker used their outside row one starting spot and held off all chargers in route to the win .
Fair nights
Fair week schedule
This week will be a busy week for the speedway as it plays host to a couple of events over the course of the Douglas County Fair .
The demo derby is on the schedule for Friday night , along with WISSOTA racing on Saturday night .
Many young international designers are drawing on heritage , folklore and their imaginations to create contemporary textile , ceramic and wall-covering patterns .
Some are finding larger audiences through decor retailers and online sites . Others are taking their imaginations outdoors , onto the sides of buildings .
At Spoonflower , designer Andrea Lauren creates linocut patterns of woodland animals , flora , even the Loch Ness monster . They 're printed on textiles that can be used for pillows , curtains , bedding or lampshades . Illustrator Jeremiah Witting of Portland , Oregon , does pen-and-ink illustrations inspired by a 1910 compendium of Grimm 's Fairy Tales passed down to them by their grandmother . And for Parisian artist Vannina Baquere , inspiration comes from an eclectic mix of Mexican serape blankets , fantastic gardens and Scandinavian folk prints .
Many early American quilt and rug patterns live comfortably in the 21st century because of their simple geometric designs and clean colour palettes .
At Garnet Hill , the Johanna puts a modern spin on pieced quilts with circle pieces instead of traditional squares .
Annie Selke 's Merry Go Round hooked rug re-scales the playful medallions and flowers of a 1930s artwork that Selke found in France ; the rug is offered in two different colorways .
Great Plains Native American motifs are crafted into a bold geometric rug exclusively at Crate & Kids from Los Angeles-based Bethany Yellowtail .
The artist has also done a striking wool blanket , available on their own website , that they call “ All My Relations. ” Stripes of various configurations reflect Crow and Northern Cheyenne elements , both part of them heritage .
Modcloth has ceramic plates and glassware decorated with delicately painted folk art motifs in a pretty palette of charcoal , lime , orange and mint , from the company One Hundred Eighty Degrees in St. Paul , Minnesota .
Nathalie Lete 's storybook-style ceramic collection at Anthropologie features winsome woodland creatures , fruits and flowers , all hand-painted .
At the Heimtextil fair in Frankfurt , Germany , in January , design students from PatternLab , a master 's program at Aalto University in Helsinki , Finland , showed their work to potential buyers . Many designs were inspired by Finnish folk art .
For pattern designers without access to an exhibition booth at an international fair , there are lots of online portals to sell work . Besides http : //www.etsy.com , there 's http : //www.creativemarket.com , www.society6.com , and http : //www.redbubble.com .
In their Harvest collection for their studio Half Drop , Romanian designer Alexandra Lazarescu reinterprets their country 's folklore through the lens of their architecture background . Traditional spoons , botanicals , wheels , and symbols of day and night are rendered in geometric patterns that have a distinct Arts and Crafts vibe .
The National Museum of Warsaw recently opened its Gallery of Polish Design , showcasing some of that country 's rich folkloric tradition in carved furniture , ceramics and textiles . In studios around the city , and in nearby Lodz , young makers are translating those designs for the 20th century , using digital printing , 3-D imaging and other modern techniques . International decor powerhouses like IKEA , Vitra and Hay are buying their work .
In Zalipie , a village about three hours from Warsaw , huts and homes are painted with elaborate floral and geometric motifs . The practice began generations ago as a way for residents to cover walls smudged with soot from stoves .
Other designers are playing with lacework , another of Poland 's renowned craft arts . Warsaw-based street artist NeSpoon uses spray paint to create intricate outdoor murals of lace patterns on the sides of buildings all over the world .
“ I like to make positive art , ” they say . “ In lace , there 's an esthetic code which is deeply embedded in every culture . In lace we find symmetry , some kind of order and harmony . ”
What 's perched on the hot-pattern horizon ?
“ Look for Japanese and Persian folkloric themes and motifs — like Williams-Sonoma 's Dragon Zardozi pillow cover , ” says designer Karen Wolf of South Orange , New Jersey .
Also on their radar : Delftware . Designers are reinterpreting the traditional Dutch folk patterns , with minimalist versions and the addition of Chinoiserie elements .
It 's reasonable to presume that the VW entry will smash the record for a production-grade electric car , which Faraday Future set at 11 minutes and 25 seconds with a prototype FF91 sedan .
VW is n't shy about why it 's fielding the EV at the Pikes Peak race on June 24th : it 's about showing `` what is possible in motorsport with an electric drivetrain . '' It 's also a big opportunity to advertise VW 's shift to electric cars , for that matter . The concern is whether or not anything learned from creating the I.D . R Pikes Peak will translate to everyday designs . It could help VW keep its cars at maximum performance , but there 's a good possibility this is more symbolic than practical .
Real Madrid great Iker Casillas would be open to a return to the club despite admitting they wished their farewell compared to Andres Iniesta and Fernando Torres ' .
Casillas ended a 25-year stay at Madrid in 2015 , departing their boyhood club for Porto after winning five LaLiga titles and three Champions League crowns .
While Madrid has denied forcing Casillas out , their farewell paled in comparison to Iniesta 's at Barcelona and Torres ' at Atletico Madrid earlier this month .
Casillas , 37 , said they would have no issues returning to Madrid in the future , but accepted their farewell was mishandled by the European champions .
`` If Real Madrid call me , I could n't say no to return to the club in the future , '' they said on Wednesday .
`` I saw the Iniesta and Torres farewells and , well , my situation was another different then in Real Madrid .
`` In the future there will be reconciliations and there wo n't be any problem . Everybody would love a farewell like those , but I 'm not all the day focused on that . ''
Casillas played 16 seasons at Madrid , while the 167-time Spain international helped their nation win the 2010 World Cup and European Championships in 2008 and 2012 .
Juventus star Paulo Dybala says they are at a club that has no reason to be envious of Barcelona , Real Madrid or Bayern Munich after signing a new contract .
Dybala penned a new five-year deal with Juve on Thursday , two days after putting Barça to the sword in Juve 's 3-0 win in the Champions League quarter-final first-leg clash .
That put to bed any talk of a departure from Juve and Dybala believes the Turin club are on the same footing as Barça and their Clasico rivals , as well as Bavarian giants Bayern .
They told TyC Sports : `` It 's the best moment of my career . I feel really good on the pitch , I 'm at a club that has nothing to be envious of Barcelona , Real Madrid or Bayern Munich about .
`` The fans , my team-mates and the club have made me feel like this . That 's why I had no problem renewing .
`` This club competes for all the tournaments it takes part in , it 's the biggest club in Italy and from the moment I arrived they have helped me to become aware that we have to win everything we play for , against any opponent and on any pitch . ''
Dybala suffered an ankle injury in Saturday 's 2-0 win over Pescara , but the Argentine is confident they will be fit for the return leg at Camp Nou on Wednesday .
They added : `` I had normal training with the group on Monday , but I did n't do the last part of the session out of precaution . But I 'll be at 100 per cent on Wednesday . ''
Dybala regularly celebrates their goal by covering their face with their hand as if it is a mask , a nod to Oscar-winning film Gladiator .
`` It came about because I 'm a fan of the movie Gladiator , '' added the 23-year-old . `` I started the year with that celebration and it 's going to continue , I 'm not going to change it . ''
Climate Change : What Did We Know and When Did We Know it ?
Views : 14
Paulo Dybala warned Juventus that a seventh consecutive Serie A title was far from certain after Sunday 's 3-2 Supercoppa Italiana defeat against Lazio .
It appeared as though Massimiliano Allegri 's men had rescued themselves from defeat courtesy of Dybala 's late double at the Stadio Olimpico , but substitute Alessandro Murgia sealed a dramatic triumph for the capital club .
Dybala echoed the sentiments of their coach in conceding that the better team had won and they hope it will prevent Juve from being complacent when their league campaign begins against Cagliari on Saturday .
`` We need to forget what we did last year , '' they said . `` It wo n't be easy this season . Our rivals are waiting for us , but we know we 're a good side . In other words , it 's all down to us . ''
On the weekend loss , they added : `` Quite simply , Lazio deserved it .
`` There 's no point dwelling on the build-up to their winner – that goal summed up a match that we did n't do enough to win .
`` Of course , had we got to extra time we would have had a good chance of winning because they were tired , but it went the way it did .
`` I want to win and so do Juventus , so I ca n't be happy . That would be egotistical – it would n't be right , not for my team-mates and not for our fans .
`` All I can say is that I 'll work hard to keep improving and to make sure we win , which is what counts .
`` I 'm delighted to be at Juve and to have the number 10 shirt . I 'm still young and I want to keep developing here . ''
HALIFAX — A Halifax man accused of hurling a vulgar slur at a female reporter during a live broadcast has been referred to Nova Scotia 's restorative justice process .
Nash John Gracie , 25 , was charged with public mischief and causing a disturbance at a Halifax bar as CTV reporter Heather Butts reported on the world junior hockey championship on Dec. 29 .
A video recording shows a man approaching Butts and calling out the same sexually explicit phrase that has been yelled at other female reporters across the country . Butts turned around and continued with their broadcast .
They were speaking from the Pint Public House , as fans watched the championship game .
Joel Pink , Gracie 's lawyer , said in an interview Monday that their client has requested the process , and the Crown accepted the proposal .
“ We recommended it to the client . If they complete the restorative justice the charges will be withdrawn , ” said Pink in a telephone interview .
Pink said their client will meet with Correctional Services , which oversees the restorative justice process , and details will be worked out from there .
Restorative justice can include the accused meeting with the victim to discuss the incident , but Butts and CTV declined to comment on the process and what it may involve .
The provincial website says restorative justice is “ a response to crime that focuses on restoring the losses suffered by victims and communities . ”
It says participants are given “ an opportunity to talk about their concerns and to talk about the offence from their own perspective , ” and that “ the parties develop an understanding of the impact of the offence and the steps needed to make amends . ”
After an agreement is reached , outlining what the offender can do to make amends , these steps must be taken before the judge will drop the criminal charges .
Chris Hansen , a spokesperson for the prosecution service , said Gracie is to come back to Halifax provincial court on July 23 and a judge will receive a status report on the case at that time .
Several journalists have expressed support for Butts , saying the incident represents a broader problem of harassment of female reporters .
In February , a provincial court in Newfoundland and Labrador dismissed a single charge against 28-year-old Justin Penton for causing a public disturbance following a similar incident .
Penton was accused of yelling a phrase commonly abbreviated to FHITP at NTV reporter Heather Gillis last April as they recorded an interview outside the St. John 's dump .
Judge Colin Flynn said the sexist slur was vulgar and offensive , but not a crime under the circumstances .
The union that represents Gillis , Unifor , issued a statement saying it was concerned about the judge 's decision , saying they “ missed an opportunity to send a message that vulgar , verbal attacks on journalists are not acceptable . ”
The union said it has raised the issue at meetings with employers and through health and safety committees .
It noted Gillis had snapped a photo of the accused 's licence plate , and other union members should do the same in similar circumstances .
The acquittal also prompted Newfoundland politician Cathy Bennett to introduce a private member 's bill to amend the province 's labour laws .
Follow @ mtuttoncporg on Twitter .
Interviewing Hannah John-Kamen , the 28-year-old British actor who plays Ghost in the newest Marvel movie , I saw something you wo n't see in Ant-Man and the Wasp . I saw them laugh .
John-Kamen laughs easily and frequently as they talk about their role as the villainous Ghost . But while the actor is happy , the character lives in a constant state of pain , which makes them an unusual villain ; far from desiring riches or world domination , they just wants to rid themselves of the affliction that makes them “ phase ” in and out of solidity .
“ The way I approached Ghost is she 's not a villain , ” says John-Kamen . “ She 's an antagonist but they have a very clear goal and a clear objective of what they need in the movie , and she 'll fight tooth and nail to get it . ”
Ghost first appeared in the comics in 1987 as an enemy of Iron Man , and later joined the Thunderbolts , a team of reformed villains . John-Kamen read the relevant back issues , but there were n't many .
“ I did find out that the character was originally written as a man , ” they say . “ But Ghost did n't have an origin story . So it was actually really freeing for me to know that and go : OK , I 'm going to take them and give them life. ” They switch pronouns as easily as the Marvel team rewrote the character as female . “ I 've got so much freedom to do that , and I can really create them from scratch and be the first person to introduce Ghost to the Marvel universe . ”
In the film , Ghost has a close relationship with scientist Bill Foster , played by Laurence Fishburne . But the actor says they bonded with everyone on the team . “ We would all go out and sing karaoke . Prince 's Purple Rain or Superstition by Steven Wonder ; they 're my karaoke go-tos . It 's a fun movie so we all had fun making it . ”
Music helped put them in the right mood on the set as well . “ The minute I get in the car in the morning and travel in , I kind of zone out and play my music and get ready for the day . If it was going to be an action day , I 'd play some drum 'n ' bass . If it was an emotional day … I 'd zone into my sadder music , slower tones . ”
They were also keen on doing their own stunts . “ I actually really enjoy it in my career . You know , in Ready Player One and ( TV 's ) Killjoys , I do my own stunts . I think it 's really important for me as an actor to do as much as I physically , humanly , possibly can , because that 's a lot to do with the character … especially in this movie with Ghost and what their suit represents and what their powers are , phasing and fighting the other characters . I really wanted to be a part of that . ”
This extended to doing stunt rehearsals in costume , “ so I could see what we could really go for , and what we could do , and see what the limitations were if there were any. ” They continue : “ I did do as much as I could and I loved every minute of it . Once you 've done a take and you 've got that adrenaline up afterwards and everyone 's clapping , you kind of feel that energy . I kicked ass. ” There 's that laugh again . “ That 's a fun feeling . Kicked ass in a superhero suit . ”
John-Kamen 's resume of late has tended toward fantasy and science-fiction ; they have had roles in Tomb Raider , The Force Awakens and TV 's Game of Thrones , a couple of episodes of Black Mirror , and a starring role as an interplanetary bounty hunter in the Canadian-made Killjoys . But that has n't been their plan . “ It 's the way the cards have fallen , ” they say , noting that their career has also included crime dramas Whitechapel and The Tunnel and The Hour .
But she 's happy to ride the science-fiction train . “ I 've been having too much fun doing it , ” they say . “ It 's been amazing , and I 'm a fan of it myself . ”
