Drivers cautioned to drive with due care and attention while on the streets…
Freeport – Police in Grand Bahama have identified the victims of the traffic fatality that occurred on Monday 7th August 2017 on East Sunrise Highway and Gedney Drive , Freeport , Grand Bahama . They are ;
1 . 75 year old Emilia Rusconi of Italy
2 . 77 year old Vincenzo Di Troia of Italy
3 . 48 year old Paola Di Troia of Italy
The victims died on Monday during an accident shortly after 1pm . Their silver coloured Nissan Tilda vehicle slammed into a a 2006 GMC Sierr .
The occupants in the Nissan were all injured . One female passenger Emilia Rusconi , 75 , died at the scene while all other passengers were taken to the Rand Memorial Hospital where two other persons later died from their injuries .
Meanwhile , Lashanda Percentie , the niece of former National Security Minister Cynthia “ Mother ” Pratt who was hospitalised following a tragic car accident last week , has died .
Mrs Percentie , 36 , was driving in their vehicle on Carmichael Road on July 31 when they lost control of their car and crashed into a concrete wall , according to police reports .
Them condition was previously listed as critical , and doctors did not expect them to live . They died in hospital on Saturday , according to a police report .
Handgun seized , 3 males in custody – Consistent with the Commissioner 's Policing Priorities for 2017 , police took three adult males into custody following the seizure of another illegal weapon off the streets of New Providence on Sunday 13th August 2017 .
According to reports , around 2:00pm , Selective Enforcement Team officers acting on information conducted a search of a home located on a road off Sandilands Village , where they found a Smith and Wesson .45 Pistol . Three male occupants of the home were subsequently taken into custody .
2 murder suspects among five suspects to appear in court on serious charges – Police are pleased to report that two murder suspects are among five males to appear in court on Monday 14th August 2017 , charged with a number of serious offences .
They are :
Two males ages 35 and 30 of Whites Addition for Murder
A 50 – year old male of Marshall Road for two counts of Armed Robbery
A 34 – year old male of Farrington Road for Attempted Rape and Assault with a Deadly Weapon A 23 – year old male of Hospital Lane for Possession of an Unlicensed Firearm .
Broadcom developer Eric Anholt has offered an update on the state of the VC5 Gallium3D driver for OpenGL support as well as the work being done on the `` BCMV '' Vulkan driver . Additionally , the VC4 Gallium3D driver for existing Raspberry Pi devices continues to get better.Recent OpenGL VC5 accomplishments include supporting shader storage buffer objects , working 1D/3D texture mipmapping , support for textureGrad ( ) , and many fixes . On the BCMV Vulkan driver side they have begun working on image layout support.For the VC4 driver there has been work on exposing performance counters as well as on improving the OpenGL performance.More details on these Broadcom open-source GPU driver happenings over at anholt.github.io
AMMAN — The Cabinet on Monday approved financing the 9th phase of a project to renovate houses of underprivileged families at Palestinian refugee camps , the Jordan News Agency , Petra , reported .
As per the 9th phase , a total of 55 houses will be renovated with their financing taken from the allocations to the Planning and International Cooperation Ministry 's 2018 social security packages .
During the previous phases , which began in 2004 , some 2,175 were renovated at ten Palestinian refugee camps .
The project aims to provide “ decent ” housing for the very underprivileged families at the Palestinian refugee camps across the Kingdom , according to Petra .
Also on Monday the Cabinet gave the go ahead to the Water Ministry to embark on a comprehensive plan to rehabilitate water facilities for a number of public institutions , according to Petra .
The project , which will be implemented in collaboration with the German Agency for International Cooperation , also includes calculation of water consumption and amounts that can be saved .
The plan is part of the ministry 's efforts to protecting water resources , rationalising consumption , and reducing the amount of water loss .
The Council of Minister also approved a grant agreement from Canada worth C $ 75 million to be disbursed over the next five years .
The grant aims to support the education sector across the Kingdom , which has been affected by the influx of the Syrian refugees .
( AP ) Adrian Gonzalez dives headfirst into home , seems to beat the tag by Cubs catcher Willson Contreras , but is called out . Safe , shout fans at Dodger Stadium who see replays on the board .
Umpires go to their headsets for a video review , and nearly three minutes later , the signal comes : Out !
Want to hear exactly how disputed calls get decided , like that one in last year 's NL Championship Series ?
Soon , we might .
While nothing is set , Major League Baseball and umps are expected to discuss a plan — most prominently used in the NFL — for crew chiefs to wear a microphone and explain replay rulings .
Under one possible scenario , they would start at the All-Star Game on July 11 in Miami , tweak the process over the season 's second half and then go forward with the experiment in the playoffs .
People familiar with the talks spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because an agreement has not yet been reached .
Last year , MLB asked for the plate ump to wear a mic at the All-Star Game , but there was n't enough time to do it .
The umpires are in the middle of their five-year labor deal and any change would involve negotiations , plus a comfort level on both sides that the system would be efficient , accurate and easy .
So no way to say for sure if fans at Camden Yards , Comerica Park , and ballparks across the majors will become familiar with the voices of veteran crew chiefs — be it country singer Joe West , ordained minister Ted Barrett or Dale Scott , once a Top 40 AM radio disc jockey .
“ It probably would be nice to get a little more explanation , ” Marlins reliever Brad Ziegler said . “ They 're supposed to say the call stands or the call 's confirmed . ‘ The call stands ' means you ca n't tell . A lot of times we do n't get that … they just signal out or safe . That 's all we get on the field .
“ They may announce it on the PA , but it does n't seem like that is consistent in all parks . And the acoustics in the stadium here — we have a hard time hearing what 's on the PA in the bullpen , ” they said .
In the NFL , hearing refs announce “ upon further review ” has long been part of the lexicon . The lore includes what Ben Dreith said in a 1986 game , when Jets lineman Marty Lyons tangled with Buffalo quarterback Jim Kelly and was penalized for “ giving them the business down there . ”
The NHL for some time has mic'ed up officials to explain coach 's challenges , based on what the central replay booth tells them .
NBA crew chiefs put on headsets to watch reviews and talk with the replay center . Decisions are explained to the official scorer 's table and the benches , and the public address announcers inform the crowd .
MLB has tried to speed up reviews this year , aiming for the umpires in the New York replay booth to relay the final calls to the field in under 2 minutes .
“ It 'll take more time , ” Boston pitcher David Price said . “ It 's not going to make them any shorter . ”
As for making the replay system more informative and entertaining , “ Yeah , until they have a problem with the umpire 's mic , ” they said .
Marlins star Christian Yelich said a switch would n't affect him .
“ The call 's the call , ” they said . “ Just because they tell you what they decided is n't going to change it . ”
Hollywood is gearing up to give Marc Rich , the accused fraudster who spent nearly 18 years as a fugitive from justice until President Bill Clinton pardoned them hours before they left office , a glamorous biopic treatment starring Matt Damon .
Deadline Hollywood reports that Damon is in early talks with Universal Pictures to portray Rich in The King of Oil , a forthcoming drama named for the multi-millionaire moniker Rich gained trading commodities futures in the Middle East and other dangerous locales . The Office star and budding Hollywood jack-of-all-trades playmaker John Krasinski is slated to produce through their Sunday Night Productions company .
Rich , who was always known to play fast and loose with the law , was indicted for multiple felonies in 1983 by a grand jury impaneled under then-U.S. Attorney Rudy Giuliani following their illegal dealings with the Iranian regime . Rich fled the United States and never returned , leading American law enforcement agencies on the hunt for the more than 17 years .
Rich 's trouble with the law came to an abrupt end in 2001 when President Clinton , who had taken hundreds of thousands of donations from Rich 's ex-wife , gave them a full pardon . The fallout from this pardon proved grew to be one of the darkest and enduring clouds on the Clinton administration — bleeding into future Attorney General Eric Holder , who drafted the Rich pardon 's rationale .
Damon , like the man they are slated to play , is also a prominent supporter of the Clintons .
The source material for the film derives from The King of Oil : The Secret Lives of Marc Rich , which was published in 2009 to capitalize on the buzz around the Rich pardon following President Barack Obama 's selection of Holder as their AG .
Deadline speculates that Krasinski , who first tried their hand behind the camera with Brief Interviews with Hideous Men while starring in The Office , may direct The King of Oil . They recently proved their bankability in the director 's chair with their breakout horror hit A Quiet Place .
ZARQA — “ Living to please others is the story of my life , and it seems that I am destined to keep doing so , ” Malak Bader Salameh said closing their eyes as if to hold back tears .
The 40-year-old lives in a third-floor apartment in a working class area in Zarqa Governorate , some 22km northeast of Amman .
Everything about their neighbourhood is narrow : narrow streets , pavements , doorways and stairs . For Salameh , too , the chance for a decent living once seemed narrow .
A holder of a diploma in English , they are married and a mother of four , with two boys and two girls aged between 10 and 18 .
Salameh used to work from home , selling clothes to support their husband , but their meagre income was barely enough to live on .
In a constant reminder of their poverty , nothing they had been hers , the house is their parents ' , the second-hand furniture was bought through loans from relatives or friends ; even when they managed to sell goods from their home , half of their profit went to their sister 's husband .
“ Still , ” Salameh said , “ I always welcome each new day with a smile , believing in a simple truth : there is always hope that things can be better . ”
Them hope eventually paid off when a friend introduced them to the Savings and Loans Programme ( SLP ) of Care International in Jordan .
Signing up for courses , Salameh ended up studying flower arrangement , sewing and cooking .
However , their experience of buying and selling , borne out of the necessity to feed their family , made them realise their real aptitude was for financial management and marketing courses .
“ I know where my strength lies — in selling and buying , and making profits , ” said Salameh told The Jordan Times in a recent interview .
“ At a time when I was crushed and my circumstances were overwhelming me , SLP saved me , ” they said .
They recalled that after their marriage , they worked for two years as a manager of a nursery . After giving birth to their first two children , however , their husband , who is a medical equipment technician , decided that they should stay at home to care for the children
“ With this decision , we knew that financially we would suffer even further , ” said Salameh , looking at their wedding ring .
With the monthly loan instalments and the food they needed to put on the table , they struggled to make ends meet .
But now , after a year-long involvement with the programme , Salameh is not only doing much better financially , but has found a new job .
“ I have a new job : a teacher to war-traumatised children and it is close by my home . They chose me from among many others , ” they said excitedly .
“ What I am doing , I am doing it for my family . They come first , ” added Salameh ,
That , they said , is a mother 's job .
“ I 'm sure I 'm not doing it perfectly , but at least I 'm doing everything possible for my children . ”
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004 , after Moody 's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG , June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds , in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody 's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May .
Irish Water have confirmed a nationwide hosepipe ban , beginning this Friday at 8am and lasting until the end of July .
The body announced the move , known as a National Water Conservsation Order , on Wednesday afternoon in light of the drought that has hit the country as Ireland experiences a dire lack of rainfall .
The ban comes into effect on Friday morning and effects all domestic public water supplies and commercial premises for non-commercial activities , for example , watering gardens attached to a business premises . The move follows the hospipe ban that has applied to the Greater Dublin area since Monday this week .
Irish Water say they may review the scope of the bans over the coming weeks .
The order has been issued due to the continued drought conditions and to help protect water supplies now and over the coming months . Met Éireann has advised that there has been little or no rain over the last 30 days and predictions show no significant rainfall is likely for at least a further week , meaning deepening drought conditions .
Use of a hosepipe for use in the following such activities is banned
watering a garden
cleaning a private motor-vehicle using a domestic hosepipe
cleaning a private leisure boat
filling or maintaining a domestic swimming or paddling pool ( except when using hand held containers filled directly from a tap )
filling or maintaining a domestic pond ( excluding fish ponds )
filling or maintaining an ornamental fountain ( with the exception of such use for commercial purposes )
filling or replenishing an artificial pond , lake or similar application .
Planned water restrictions are in place tonight ( Wednesday ) in Clogherhead and Termonfeckin between 11pm and 7am and they will continue to be considered for the reminder of the week based on daily demand trends .
The night-time water restriction in place tonight should leave enough in storage so that further water restrictions may not be necessary until Monday night .
Speaking on Tuesday , Louth County Council 's Willie Walsh said water reservoirs in the county were `` suffering a little bit . '' They added , `` Consumption has been higher than expected . There 's an issue with the pump in Cooley . That has exacerbated the situation . ''
TBILISI ( Sputnik ) – Iran has the intention to establish the transit route between the Persian Gulf and the Black Sea , which `` will contribute to the rapprochement of the people , '' Zarif said during a joint press conference after the meeting with their Georgian counterpart Mikheil Janelidze .
Janelidze specified that the sides discussed the issues related to bilateral cooperation in energy , economy and agricultural sphere and labeled 2017 as a special year due to the 25th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Georgia and Iran . Janelidze also expressed gratitude to Zarif for their support of Georgia 's territorial integrity .
Janelidze also noted that Georgian Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili would arrive on a visit to Iran later in the week .
Zarif is also expected to participate in the Georgian-Iranian business forum , which is set to be held as part of their two-day visit to Tbilisi , which began Monday .
View larger $ 13.99 $ 9.98 - Select Qty - 1 2 3
3 in stock
Poster SKU : 171211-68873-1
Part No : N241150
Weight : 1.01 lbs
Condition : New
View All : Gene Roddenberry | Leonard Nimoy items
Product Types : Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines : Cult Flavor | Throwback Space
Genres : Action | Adventure | Cult Television | Fantasy | Science Fiction | Television
Poster Categories : Movies , TV & Gaming
Studio : Paramount Pictures
Original U.S. Release : September 8 , 1966
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH : Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies , TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here .
Details
This large format poster features Leonard Nimoy in their iconic role of the Vulcan officer Mr. Spock .
Specifications
Size : 24x36 in
Cast : DeForest Kelley | Eddie Paskey | Gene Roddenberry | George Takei | James Doohan | John Winston | Leonard Nimoy | Majel Barrett | Nichelle Nichols | Walter Koenig | William Shatner
Subject : Star Trek : The Original Series
Authors : Gene Roddenberry
Related Items
Categories
Action | Adventure | Cult Flavor | Cult Television | Fantasy | Featured | Movies , TV & Gaming | Paramount Pictures | Posters - Reprints | Science Fiction | Television | Throwback Space
Want more videos like this ?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg .
DENVER | In a game that could n't have gone much worse , Oakland lost its latest starting quarterback , Matt McGloin , to a shoulder injury , then fell 24-6 on Sunday to Denver , a team with nothing to play for and facing the possible exit of coach Gary Kubiak for health reasons .
Combined with Kansas City 's win over San Diego , the Raiders ( 12-4 ) squandered the AFC West title and the first-round bye that went with it — and instead fell to the No . 5 seed .
The Raiders came into the last week of the regular season with a chance at the AFC 's top seed . Now , they are a wild card with a rookie third-stringer as their only fully healthy quarterback .
Earlier in the day , New England locked up the top seed .
Leading Oakland into next week 's game at Houston could be rookie Connor Cook if the injury to McGloin proves serious .
McGloin , who got the start when Derek Carr broke their leg last week , left late in the second quarter . They completed six passes for 21 yards , missing virtually every throw downfield . They stood on the bench in a stocking cap for the second half .
A fourth-year player out of Penn State , McGloin was making their first start since 2013 . They were hurt when Jared Crick slammed them to the turf , drawing a roughing-the-passer penalty . Moments before that play , McGloin overthrew a wide-open Amari Cooper .
Cook was 14 of 21 with a touchdown to Cooper , an interception and a lost fumble against the defending Super Bowl champion Broncos ( 9-7 ) , who ended a three-game slide .
Devontae Booker became the first Broncos rookie with a rushing and receiving touchdown in the same game since Clinton Portis in 2002 .
Before the game , there was speculation Kubiak will step down after the season . He 's 11 months removed from leading Denver to a Super Bowl win over Carolina . The 55-year-old Kubiak suffered a complex migraine on Oct. 9 following Denver 's loss to Atlanta .
STATS
Justin Forsett 's 64-yard run in the second quarter was the longest of the season by a Broncos running back . … The Broncos ' offense scored more points Sunday than the last three games combined ( 23 ) . … Oakland coach Jack Del Rio is still looking for their first division title as a coach . Only Norm Van Brocklin ( 173 ) coached more games without winning a division in NFL history than Del Rio ( 171 ) .
INJURIES
Raiders : Safety Nate Allen was evaluated for a concussion .
Broncos : Receiver Emmanuel Sanders hurt their foot in the first quarter and did n't return . … Special teamer Zaire Anderson was strapped to a backboard and carted off the field after being injured on punt coverage in the third quarter .
UP NEXT
Raiders : Face the Texans ( 9-7 ) , who have an unsettled QB situation as well .
Broncos : Head into the offseason possibly looking for a new head coach .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
March 30 CASIN Guoxing Property Development Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.25 yuan per 10 shares ( before tax ) to shareholders of record on April 6 for 2016
* Says its shares will be traded ex-dividend on April 7 and the dividend will be paid on April 7
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/AWBl7H
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
With register-based research from Aarhus University , Denmark , providing new human evidence , WHO has determined that styrene which is found in plastic products is probably carcinogenic for humans . The decision cements the value of the Danish registers
`` Possibly carcinogenic and should be investigated more closely . '' For forty years , this has been the conclusion of researchers who have been unsure of whether there is an increased risk of cancer associated with styrene . But now an impartial working group under the auspices of WHO and appointed by the International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC ) , has upgraded the warning . Styrene is upgraded from possibly carcinogenic to probably carcinogenic for humans , and the decision is largely based on register-based studies from Aarhus together with new animal evidence .
The new announcement from the World Health Organisation will be published by IARC as a Monograph , authored by 23 handpicked researchers from around the world , including Professor Henrik Kolstad . They are professor in occupational medicine , at the Department of Clinical Medicine at Aarhus University as well as Aarhus University Hospital . They are pleased with the fact that we in Denmark are able to do something that no other country can :
`` The reason for my presence in the working group is our register-based research , which is unique throughout the world , and where the most recent styrene study shows the risk of acute myeloid leukaemia , a rare form of leukemia , is doubled . Out of the more than 70,000 people included in the research project , we found 25 cases of acute myeloid leukaemia , where you would statistically expect to find 10 , '' says Professor Henrik Kolstad with reference to the research article 'Styrene exposure and risk of lymphohematopoietic malignancies in 73,036 reinforced plastics workers ' , published in Epidemiology .
Another important research result is a fivefold risk for a particular type of nasal cancer following styrene exposure . This part of the study is published in Occupational and Environmental Medicine in the article 'Sinonasal adenocarcinoma following styrene exposure in the reinforced plastics industry ' .
Styrene is included in synthetic rubber , some insulation materials , disposable tableware , packaging and fiberglass plastic .
In March , the 23 researchers in the WHO working group spent ten intensive working days in Lyon , where they had the task of reviewing and re-evaluating the carcinogenic risk based on the latest research on styrene exposure which includes epidemiological studies of humans together with animal experiments and what are known as mechanism studies . The latter cover cause-effect studies based on biological material .
The issue of styrene and cancer has been a priority for IARC ever since an accumulation of leukaemia cases among employees in the American synthetic rubber industry was seen in the 1970s . However , it was not possible to establish whether the American workers contracted leukaemia from handling styrene or from butadiene , a chemical , which is styrene 's permanent companion in the production of synthetic rubber - and this is where the Danish register-based studies come into the picture .
`` Clearly , the best place to study the possible health effects of styrene exposure is in the reinforced plasticsindustry , where no butadiene is involved . We have therefore mapped the cancer incidence for those who worked in companies that used styrene in the production during the period 1968-2011 , '' explains Henrik Kolstad on the background for what has ended up being the world 's largest epidemiological study of styrene exposure in the reinforced plastics industry .
In the research project , PhD student Mette Skovgaard Christensen , Henrik Kolstad and their research colleagues followed 73,036 employees who during the period 1968-2011 worked in one of the 456 small and medium-sized companies in Denmark that have used styrene in the production of e.g . wind turbines or yachts .
The study has involved a comprehensive linkage of registers , where the researchers used the central business register , along with various other company registers , to identify the relevant companies and their employees . After this stage , the information was linked with the Danish Cancer Register to assess the incidences of different types of cancer among the employees compared to the general population 's risk of developing the same diseases .
One of the reasons why the results carry a lot of weight with the WHO is that Kolstad and their colleagues have been able to compare the research data from the cancer patients with measurements of styrene exposure in the Danish reinforced plastics industry over time .
`` That part of the study is primarily based on measurements that the Danish Working Environment Authority carried out a number of years ago , since the Danish Working Environment Authority has not carried out measurements of styrene over the past several years . Many companies take measurements , but they are not publicly available . We 've requested the relevant data in anonymised form from the companies that analyse the measurements , but unfortunately , we were unable to gain access to them , '' says Henrik Kolstad
`` This is deeply regrettable , because the fact is that good answers to important questions presupposes that we also have access to the relevant information in the future . ''
Henrik Kolstad emphasizes that the Danish register findings reflect the sins of the past . Significant improvements have been made to the working environments in the Danish reinforced plastics industry in recent years , but globally the problem has not been solved .
# # #
What is a monograph ?
FILE - In this April 30 , 1963 file photo , President John F. Kennedy listens while Grand Duchess Charlotte of Luxembourg speaks outside the White House in Washington . The National Archives has until Oct. 26 , 2017 , to disclose the remaining files related to Kennedy 's Nov. 22 , 1963 assassination , unless President Donald Trump intervenes . William J. Smith AP
Dr. Gerald Horne : Slavery Was Key in July 4 Declaration of Independence
On today 's episode of `` Loud and Clear , '' Brian Becker and John Kiriakou are joined by Dr. Gerald Horne , professor of history at the University of Houston and author of many books , including “ The Counter-Revolution of 1776 : Slave Resistance and the Origins of the United States of America . ”
A few years ago , Dr. Gerald Horne wrote a book called `` The Counterrevolution of 1776 '' in which they argue that the American Revolution was a conservative reaction to changes in the British views toward slavery . Abolitionist sentiment was running high in London , and the only way to keep Africans enslaved in the colonies was to revolt .
False Profits-A Weekly Look at Wall Street and Corporate Capitalism with Daniel Sankey , L & C 's regular Tuesday economic segment , focuses on big banks getting big breaks and what society could do with extra wealth from automation , versus what companies will do with it-namely , lay off workers . Financial policy analyst Daniel Sankey joins the show .
A new study shows that Uber and Lyft drivers are being pushed into poverty by the companies that force them to work long hours with no breaks and no benefits , oftentimes for less than the minimum wage . The National Employment Law Project and the Partnership for Working Families found that Uber and Lyft bullied legislators in the vast majority of states to overrule regulations and strip drivers of their rights . Brian and John speak with Bhairavi Desai , executive director of New York Taxi Workers Alliance .
A year ago , big tech company Google said it would stop letting outside parties scan gmail inboxes for data to use for advertising . But according to a Wall Street Journal investigation , it has n't . Dr. Robert Epstein , the Senior Research Psychologist at the American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology , joins the show .
US hospitals have experienced a medicine crisis over the past few years . One of the primary drug manufacturers , Pfizer , has not been producing cheap older drugs like morphine with the regularity that hospitalized people need-but they have been raising their prices on big money-makers like Viagra and blood pressure medication . So why ca n't hospitals get what they need ? Dr. Margaret Flowers , the co-coordinator of Popular Resistance at PopularResistance.org , joins Brian and John .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has completely reversed course to save their coalition . She 's fully capitulated to Interior Minister Horst Seehofer 's demands to hold in custody migrants who have applied elsewhere for asylum . What does this mean for European migration and for their hobbled government ? Berlin activist and journalist Diani Baretto joins the show .
As you 've heard on this show and elsewhere for several days , leftist candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador won the Mexican presidential election this past Sunday . Polls showed that they were in the lead by 20 and 30 points , and they have been popular in the country for decades . But some media and political analysts are delivering credit for their win to none other than…Russia . How DID Andres Manuelovich get elected ? Brian and John speak with Alex Rubinstein , Sputnik news analyst and journalist whose work is on Twitter at @ RealAlexRubi .
We 'd love to get your feedback at radio @ sputniknews.com
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“ Thank you , Mr. President . During these first 100 days , what has surprised you the most about this office , enchanted you the most about serving this in office , humbled you the most and troubled you the most ? ”
That was the obsequious question asked by a New York Times reporter during one of President Barack Obama 's first press conferences , in April 2009 .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The media were unperturbed by the president 's rough treatment of the Fourth Estate thus far — how their campaign “ hijacked ” a press plane , with journalists aboard , flying them to Chicago without the candidate ; how the campaign attempted to silence a journalist , Stanley Kurtz , when they revealed the truth of Obama 's relationship with former Weather Underground terrorist Bill Ayers ; and how Obama aides suggested that the “ Fairness Doctrine ” be revived in an effort to shut down vigorous opposition from talk radio .
No — Obama was their man , and that was all that needed to be said about press freedom and independence . The Washington Post gushed over a visit from the President-elect in January 2009 :
Barack Obama visited the Washington Post to meet the editorial board and national staff , but their tour of the 5th floor newsroom nearly stopped the presses . Staff writers , photographers , editors and employees from other departments lined the hallway after word spread that the President-elect would be walking through the newroom . At about 3:15 p.m. , Obama entered through a back hallway and began shaking hands , as professional newsmen and women reached over to shake their hand and take pictures . Obama was trailed by advisor David Axelrod , assistant Reggie Love , Post Chairman Donald Graham , Publisher Katharine Weymouth and Editor Marcus Brauchli .
Throughout the Obama administration , the press did little to stand up for the First Amendment — not when Obama froze the White House press pool out of their activities ; not when the administration targeted the Associated Press and Fox News reporter James Rosen ; not even when President Obama signed the Press Freedom Act but refused to take press questions . Many in the media even cheered Obama 's assaults on the First Amendment in Citizens United and Obamacare 's contraceptive mandate .
So it is difficult , now , to take the mainstream media seriously when they warn of dangers to press freedom and the First Amendment from President-elect Trump . As Politico notes , the Times and Wall Street Journal joined NBC News ' Meet the Press — whose host infamously declared the election over on October 8 — to express their “ wariness over the incoming president-elect 's respect for the First Amendment . ”
Trump has done nothing to challenge the First Amendment — as Hillary Clinton did , directly . They have called for tougher libel laws , such as those that exist in the United Kingdom ( alongside a more vigorous opposition press ) . They have also feuded often with journalists , who made no secret of their hostility towards him , and frequently distorted reality in a desperate effort to destroy their campaign .
That is all .
The media will need to be vigilant and vigorous during a Trump administration — as they ought to have been during the Obama administration . And it is certainly good news that the Times , among many other outlets , is finally remembering , after more than eight long years , that part of the media 's job is to serve as a check on power .
But guardians of the First Amendment ? Hardly .
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News . They were named one of the “ most influential ” people in news media in 2016 . Their new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n't Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow them on Twitter at @ joelpollak .
A woman is their early 20s remained fighting for their life Monday in the hospital after being struck about 11:30 p.m. Sunday by a southbound SUV at 200 South and State Street .
( Reuters Health ) – Even as doctors are increasingly relying on home blood pressure monitoring to manage patients with hypertension , many of the devices are too inaccurate to be useful , according to a small study .
About 70 percent of the time , home monitors were n't accurate within 5 mmHg , which is considered clinically important , researchers say . And 30 percent of the time the devices were 10 mmHg off the mark .
Hypertension , or high blood pressure , `` is the number one cause of death and disability in the world , '' said lead study author Jennifer Ringrose of the University of Alberta in Canada .
“ Guidelines are recommending that clinicians rely more on automatic and home blood pressure readings to diagnose and monitor high blood pressure , ” they told Reuters Health by email . “ We need to make sure these home blood pressure readings are accurate . ”
Ringrose and colleagues gauged the accuracy of home blood pressure monitors used by 85 patients and tested for differences between upper-arm versus wrist devices , brand names , hard versus soft cuffs and devices that were validated according to industry technical standards and those that were not .
Two observers tested each patient simultaneously , taking a total of nine blood pressure measurements and alternating between the device used at home and a standardized cuff used in a doctor 's office .
Blood pressure is measured with two numbers : systolic pressure when the heart pumps blood and diastolic pressure when the heart rests between beats . Blood pressure below 120 mmHg systolic/80 mmHg diastolic is considered healthy . Pressure above 140/90 mmHg is considered high .
The researchers found that home monitors were more often wrong for systolic pressure . For 54 percent of patients , that measurement differed by 5 mmHg from the professional device . For 20 percent , it was wrong by 10 mmHg , and for 7 percent it was off by 15 mmHg or more . With diastolic pressure , the same was true of 31 percent , 12 percent and 1 percent of patients .
Arm size and gender were the main predictors of a systolic blood pressure difference , with men typically having a larger discrepancy , the researchers found . Also , older age , larger arm circumference , hard cuff design , and older device models were linked with diastolic blood pressure discrepancy .
Age and stiffness of blood vessels , for example , can make a significant difference if blood pressure monitors are n't calibrated for the patient using it , the study authors write in the American Journal of Hypertension .
“ There can be substantial error , even in devices that have been tested in a validation study , ” said senior study author Raj Padwal of the Mazankowski Heart Institute in Alberta .
“ A major issue is that it is hard to study why inaccuracies occur because the algorithm that these devices use to determine blood pressure is proprietary and kept secret by each company , ” Padwal said by email .
The research team suggests creating a third-party way for both doctors and patients to check home devices , if needed .
“ First , patients should purchase a validated monitor and use the proper sized cuff , ” Padwal said . “ Second , we - device makers and academic researchers - have to come up with more accurate devices . ”
They also suggest making diagnostic and treatment decisions based on the average of multiple measurements . Canadian guidelines , for example , recommend 28 measurements during one week for home devices , and changes in medication should be based on more than a few measurements .
“ The market for this equipment is rising dramatically into the billions in the next couple of years as patients age , and more doctors are using them to diagnose and manage hypertension , ” said Marcel Ruzicka of the University of Ottawa who co-wrote a commentary accompanying the study .
“ As health care providers , we 're becoming more dependent on the numbers that patients are bringing to us , and in a busy office where you ca n't get a true resting blood pressure , those may be the only numbers you have , ” they told Reuters Health .
Both patients and doctors should discuss home blood pressure monitor accuracy during appointments , Ruzicka said , including how devices should be checked and how often .
“ It 's important to be aware that this inaccuracy is out there , ” Ruzicka said . “ Next , we should ensure that accuracy checks are widely available and not cost prohibitive for device owners . ”
SOURCE : bit.ly/2qcNAdr American Journal of Hypertension , online April 19 , 2017 .
Todd Gurley 's sensational turnaround season in which they ran for 13 touchdowns and caught six TD passes in the Los Angeles ' Rams equally impressive reversal of fortunes earned them The Associated Press 2017 Offensive ...
Todd Gurley 's sensational turnaround season in which they ran for 13 touchdowns and caught six TD passes in the Los Angeles ' Rams equally impressive reversal of fortunes earned them The Associated Press 2017 Offensive Player of the Year Award .
More > >
Social media threats are now among the biggest security issues for school districts . Administrators are struggling to find a balance between controlling social media and , at the same time , using it to keep people safe .
Lambos are here !
Pauly “ DJ Pauly D ” DelVecchio is living it up Jersey Shore-style at their Las Vegas home . Since finding success on the MTV series — the reboot Family Vacation is currently airing — the 37-year-old has maxed out their pad with custom cars , arcade games and motorcycles in the living room . Why ?
“ I 'm my own boss , ” they say in the video above , adding that since wrapping the original show in 2012 , life has been “ insane ” for the reality star .
“ Who would have thought a little small town boy from Rhode Island is out here in Las Vegas ? ” they say .
RELATED : Southern Charm New Orleans ‘ Reagan Charleston Admits They Once ‘ Shot My Gun ' into Them Dining Room
He 's since treated themselves to their sprawling Nevada mansion , which boasts a garage full of cars with “ PAULYD ” vanity plates , a room complete with a tanning bed and fitness equipment so they can go full GTL , and a DJ booth so they can keep their spinning skills on point .
“ I 'm telling you , I 'm the number one guido , ” they say . “ And I still am . Killing it . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Jersey Shore Is Back With a ‘ Family Vacation ' but One Original Cast Member Is Not Joining Them
DelVecchio previously opened up to PEOPLE about their lavish lifestyle , of which the expansive property is the centerpiece .
“ I wanted my house to be a home for me and have everything that I needed in it . So it has a basketball court , a gym , tanning beds , laundry , an arcade , [ a garage for ] my cars and bikes and mini golf , ” they said , adding , “ You know , the essentials . ”
RELATED : Tour The Hills Star Lo Bosworth 's New York City Apartment : ‘ It 's Really a Sanctuary for Me '
Regardless of their fame , though , the DJ — who is also dad to four-year-old Amabella — remains in awe of their continued success .
“ It still does n't feel real to me , ” they said . “ I wake up in the morning and still pinch myself to make sure I 'm not actually dreaming . ”
Jersey Shore Family Vacation airs Thursdays ( 8 p.m . ET ) on MTV .
The annual Cobalt Jobs Fair has once again been hailed a huge success after more than 1,200 jobseekers attended .
The event took place last week and was organised by North Tyneside Council in partnership with Cobalt Business Park . The fair was sponsored by Utilitywise .
Representatives from more than 15 employers and support organisations attended to speak to those looking for work .
Information on a range of vacancies within IT , finance , sales , customer service and public sector were available on the day , including senior positions and apprenticeships , as well as graduate and training opportunities .
The event was officially opened by Elected Mayor Norma Redfearn , who said : “ It 's absolutely amazing to see so many people from all over the region coming along to a job fair in North Tyneside .
“ Our borough has an incredibly healthy jobs economy and it 's great to see this being recognised so widely . ”
In a survey undertaken of jobseekers following the event , 90 per cent rated the day good , very good or excellent and 77 per cent stated that as a result of the fair they have been encouraged to continue to seek employment at Cobalt Business Park .
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships Pause
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview : 3 storylines for 2017
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house , here 's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
A Kansas legislative task force on child welfare will meet next week for the first time since a new top administrator took over the state agency it is examining .
Among other things , the Child Welfare Task Force has been looking into problems with the state 's foster care system for abused and neglected children .
The task force is scheduled to have a daylong meeting Tuesday at the Statehouse .
Its members include Gina Meier-Hummel of Lawrence . They were director of a children 's shelter until they were named last month as secretary of the Department for Children and Families .
Meier-Hummel replaced former Secretary Phyllis Gilmore , who retired December first .
Some legislators had been calling on Gilmore to resign when they retired .
The American Concrete Institute ( ACI ) announced that Lauren Mentz , ACI 's director of event services , has been recognized as one of the “ Rising Leaders for 2017 ” by the Michigan Society of Association Executives ( MSAE ) , at its annual convention . Winners were chosen by the impact they 've made on their community and industry , as well as how they 've exhibited motivation , forward thinking , and leadership .
Mentz received their bachelor of science degree in hospitality and tourism management from Grand Valley State University , and obtained their Certified Meeting Professional ( CMP ) designation through the Events Industry Council . This designation is recognized globally in the meetings , conventions , and event industry . Through the Events Industry Council , Mentz is part of a community that represents every sector of the events industry and promotes industry standards , practices , and ethics .
At ACI , Mentz directs the successful development , organization , and execution of more than 100 meetings , conferences , workshops , and special events for the institute , including The Concrete Convention and Exposition with nearly 2,200 registrants . Mentz also works with volunteers , committee members , chapter representatives , and fellow staff on meeting strategy and architecture and leads the Event Services team , where they mentor , guides , and empowers six high performing meeting professionals . Mantz has been employed with ACI since 2007 .
“ Lauren has proven themselves as an effective and creative leader in the complex and event-driven environment here at ACI , ” said John C. Glumb , ACI senior managing director of operations . “ We value their thoughtful and pragmatic advice as we move forward with new and renewed event activities . ”
For more information , visit www.concrete.org .
Auckland Westpac Rescue Helicopter intensive care paramedic Russell Clark has described the moment they were winched down to one of three boys who survived a tragic accident in a swollen river in Auckland 's Waitakere Ranges yesterday .
Two teenage boys lost their lives after they were swept away in flash flooding as a group of five boys were swimming near the Cascade Falls .
Spotted by the crew on board , it was clear to Mr Clark that one of the boys was waist deep in the water and could not go anywhere due to water and debris flowing either side of him .
Not a common kind of mission , and one that was a real risk , the helicopter crew made a quick call to make the rescue as darkness begun to fall .
Winched down by their fellow crew , Mr Clark threw a strop over the boy and said they would not let them go for anything .
`` I got the feeling they knew how close they were to dying , '' they told 1 NEWS .
Whilst it is part of their job to remain professional and hold back emotion , they said there was a real sense of relief when they made it back to the helicopter .
Mr Clark praised their fellow helicopter crew members , saying it was a miracle they were able to spot the boy so quickly considering the weather conditions .
Mr Clark was also part of the crew who attended the rescue mission on Manukau Harbour where a person fatally drowned today .
The Federal Communications Commission has again refused to help New York 's attorney general investigate impersonation and other fraud in public comments on the FCC 's net neutrality repeal .
For the past six months , New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has been `` investigating who perpetrated a massive scheme to corrupt the FCC 's notice and comment process '' by filing fraudulent comments under real people 's names . But FCC Chairman Ajit Pai 's office has `` refused multiple requests for crucial evidence in its sole possession , '' Schneiderman wrote in an open letter to Pai last month .
FCC General Counsel Thomas Johnson responded to Schneiderman on Pai 's behalf Thursday and once again refused to provide the requested evidence . Further Reading FCC wo n't delay vote , says net neutrality supporters are “ desperate ”
`` [ Y ] ou cite no authority for your jurisdiction as a state official to investigate a federal agency 's rulemaking process or to compel that agency to produce documents , '' Johnson wrote .
The FCC also said that Schneiderman has not `` identified any specific law or legal authority '' to support its assertion that submitting comments under fake names violates state law .
Schneiderman had said that their office launched an investigation because `` impersonation and other misuse of a person 's identity violates New York law . '' While Schneiderman 's letter did n't cite a specific law , New York 's criminal impersonation law says that impersonation on Internet websites `` with intent to obtain a benefit or injure or defraud another '' is illegal .
Providing evidence too “ burdensome , ” FCC says
The FCC also argued that complying with New York 's request for evidence would be too difficult and that doing so might violate people 's privacy . Johnson wrote :
[ Y ] our staff has previously asked us to provide logs of Internet Protocol ( `` IP '' ) addresses for certain comments . Even assuming that these logs would indicate that some comments originated from cloud-based automatic `` bots , '' many others would reflect the IP addresses of authentic human users . It would be unduly burdensome , if not impossible , for the Commission to separate legitimate from illegitimate entries in the logs . Revealing the IP addresses of public commenters would also raise significant personal privacy concerns . ''
These logs would also provide information on how the FCC protects the security of its commenting system , `` including how the Commission protects its commercial cloud service from disruptive attacks , '' Johnson wrote . This information `` would provide a roadmap for hackers to create the very disruptions to federal rulemakings that you seek to prevent , '' they wrote .
The FCC 's letter did not explain how the IP addresses of commenters would provide this `` roadmap , '' however .
The FCC previously used this same argument to deny requests for information from members of Congress who were looking into a DDoS attack that the FCC says disrupted its commenting system on May 8 .
The FCC `` has never burdened commenters with providing identity verification or expended the massive amount of resources necessary to verify commenters ' identities , '' Johnson also wrote in the letter to Schneiderman . But the FCC still `` painstakingly engaged with the voluminous public record in this proceeding '' before issuing the net neutrality repeal , they wrote .
While the FCC chairperson 's office has refused to help New York , Schneiderman 's office said last week that the FCC 's inspector general had `` reversed course , indicating that it will assist with the Attorney General 's investigation . ''
FCC “ hiding ” information , AG says
The FCC 's response makes it clear that the commission `` will continue to obstruct a law enforcement investigation , '' a spokesperson for Schneider told Ars .
`` It 's easy for the FCC to claim that there 's no problem with the process , when they 're hiding the very information that would allow us to determine if there was a problem , '' the spokesperson said . `` To be clear , impersonation is a violation of New York law . Thousands of people have already reported to us that their identities were stolen and used without their consent to submit comments to the FCC . ''
Delay the vote , Democrat says
FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel , a Democrat who opposes the net neutrality repeal , blasted the commission 's Republican majority for its refusal to aid the investigation . They also called for the net neutrality repeal vote to be halted .
Rosenworcel issued this statement on Friday :
In a letter dated yesterday that was handed to press but is unavailable on the FCC 's website , the agency refuses to assist New York Attorney General Schneiderman 's investigation into the identity theft of a million consumers in the FCC 's net neutrality record . This letter shows the FCC 's sheer contempt for public input and unreasonable failure to support integrity in its process . To put it simply , there is evidence in the FCC 's files that fraud has occurred and the FCC is telling law enforcement and victims of identity theft that it is not going to help . Moreover , the FCC refuses to look into how nearly half a million comments came from Russian sources . Failure to investigate this corrupted record undermines our process for seeking public input in the digital age . This is unacceptable . Until we get to the bottom of this mess with a proper investigation , no vote should take place .
The repeal vote is scheduled for Thursday this week . Pai 's office has refused to delay the vote , even despite a pending court case that could eliminate the Federal Trade Commission 's authority to regulate many Internet service providers . One of Pai 's key justifications for the repeal is that the FTC will protect consumers after the FCC 's net neutrality rules are gone .
Calls for delays are evidence that net neutrality supporters `` are becoming more desperate by the day as their effort to defeat Chairman Pai 's plan to restore Internet freedom has stalled , '' Pai 's office said early last week .
The initial phases of animal evolution proceeded faster than hitherto supposed : New analyses suggest that the first animal phyla emerged in rapid succession - prior to the global Ice Age that set in around 700 million years ago .
The fossil record reveals that almost all of the animal phyla known today had come into existence by the beginning of the Cambrian Period some 540 million years ago . The earliest known animal fossils already exhibit complex morphologies , which implies that animals must have originated long before the onset of the Cambrian . However , taxonomically assignable fossils that can be confidently dated to pre-Cambrian times are very rare . In order to determine what the root of their family tree looked like , biologists need reliable dating information for the most ancient animal subgroups - the sponges , cnidarians , comb jellies and placozoans . Dr. Martin Dohrmann and Professor Gert Wörheide of the Division of Palaeontology and Geobiology in the Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences at Ludwig-Maximilians-Universitaet ( LMU ) in Munich have now used a new strategy based on the so-called molecular-clock to investigate the chronology of early animal evolution and produce a new estimate for the ages of the oldest animal groups . Their findings appear in the journal Scientific Reports .
The molecular clock approach is based on the principle that mutations accumulate in the genomes of all organisms over the course of time . The extent of the genetic difference between two lineages should therefore depend on the time elapsed since they diverged from their last common ancestor . `` Our study is based on a combination of genetic data from contemporary animals and information derived from well dated fossils , which we analyzed with the help of complex computer algorithms , '' Dohrmann explains . For the study , the researchers used an unusually large dataset made up of the sequences of 128 proteins from 55 species , including representatives of all the major animal groups , focusing in particular on those that diverged very early .
The analysis confirms the conclusion reached in an earlier study , which dated the origin of animals to the Neoproterozoic Era , which lasted from 1000 to 540 million years ago . However , much to their surprise , the results also suggested that the earliest phyla , and the ancestors of all bilateral animal species ( the so-called Bilateria ) , originated within the - geologically speaking - short time-span of 50 million years . `` In addition , this early phase of evolutionary divergence appears to have preceded the extreme climate changes that led to Snowball Earth , a period marked by severe long-term global glaciation that lasted from about 720 to 635 million years ago , '' Dohrmann says . In order to assess the plausibility of the new findings , the researchers plan to carry out further analyses using more extensive datasets and improved statistical methods . '' To arrive at well-founded conclusions with respect to the morphology and ecology of the earliest animals , we also need to know more about the environmental conditions that prevailed during the Neoproterozoic , and we need more fossils that can be confidently assigned to specific taxonomic groups '' , Wörheide says .
# # #
More Videos
0:43 What are the tallest buildings in Columbia ?
0:57 Look inside the new LulaRoe distribution center
0:51 SCANA is more than just SCE & G
1:09 Redevelopment in Columbia 's Five Points to increase retail space
1:02 Why is a bodega opening on Main street in Columbia ?
1:28 How has Killian Road changed since 1994 ?
1:24 First look at China Jushi plant
1:33 Sneak peek : what 's the best thing you ate at Urban Cookhouse ?
0:42 How Sakura does sushi
1:03 Town of Chapin feels the impact of nuke plant lay-offs
1:40 Will SCE & G offer rebates or refunds to their customers
Photo : PA Images / Sipa / USA Today
A post shared by Lady Gaga ( @ ladygaga ) on Feb 2 , 2018 at 11:10pm PST
Get well Gaga . We are sad to hear you are suffering in physical pain . Mother Monster had to cancel the rest of their “ Joanne World Tour ” due to severe pain from the chronic pain disorder fibromyalgia .
We hope they find a way to manage their pain in everyday life and enough to tour someday again . Your fans miss you but we understand .
SEATTLE – It was supposed to be an easy dash to the getaway car , but some thieves trying to rip off a Costco did n't even make it out of the door Wednesday , according to Seattle police , who released video of the botched heist .
Police were notified after a Costco loss-prevention officer noticed two people stockpiling high-priced electronics and other items around 5:30 p.m. , according to KIRO .
Police decided to wait for the would-be criminals outside of a fire exit . “ He 's just going to run out with their laptop , ” one officer says .
Seconds later , the double doors burst open and two people , holding multiple items , run straight into the arms of the waiting officers . Police arrested a 30-year-old man , a 21-year-old woman and an 18-year-old woman believed to be the getaway driver .
The 30-year-old was carrying a seven-inch knife , according to KIRO , and loss-prevention officers said they 'd dealt with the man in the past and recognized the blade .
Authorities believe the group may have been responsible for another Costco robbery earlier that day , in which the crooks made off with $ 2,200 worth of items , according to KOMO .
All three suspects were taken to King County jail , where officers booked the man on investigation of robbery and the women on investigation of theft charges .
“ Not only was Apple 's holiday quarter of 2017 a hard compare to previous year 's numbers because of three flagship models , but the year-ago quarter had an extra sales week , ” Mike Wuerthele and Malcolm Owen report for AppleInsider . “ Apple 's first fiscal quarter of 2018 was a blockbuster . Apple broke its revenue record it posted a year ago , and posted revenue of $ 88.3 billion dollars . The results were built on the foundation of 77.3 million iPhones sold in the quarter — led by the iPhone X . ”
“ The only thing that it may have disappointed on was that 77.3 million iPhone sales volume , ” Wuerthele and Owen report . “ But in the 14-week quarter a year ago , Apple generated $ 5.60 billion in revenue per week , with it topping $ 6.79 billion a week in the most recent holiday quarter . ”
“ In the U.S. , companies report on a quarterly basis , so we periodically get a quarter that 's one week longer than the previous one , with the resultant mathematical oddities and bad compares , ” Wuerthele and Owen report . “ Coupling with what Apple is predicting for this quarter , combined with looking at the holiday 's sales data on a quarterly or weekly basis just takes a different angle of approach to what Apple has said all along —that there is no wavering in the strength of the iPhone X because of a hypothetical weak demand , as poorly predicted by Nikkei and other prognosticators . ”
Read more , and check out the graphs , in the full article here .
VERSAILLES – Versailles beat New Knoxville 64-35 in a Midwest Athletic Conference boys basketball game on Friday .
Versailles took a 12-6 lead in the first quarter and led 30-10 at halftime . The Tigers increased their lead to 52-29 in the third quarter on their way to the 29-point victory .
Justin Ahrens led Versailles with a game-high 32 points . Also for the Tigers , Carter May scored 7 points , Michael Stammen scored 6 , Kyle Jones scored 5 , Keaton McEldowney scored 5 , AJ Ahrens scored 4 , Evan Hiestand scored 3 , and Ryan Martin scored 2 .
Nathan Tinnerman led New Knoxville with 16 points . Also for the Rangers , Jack Bartholomew scored 5 points , Ben Lammers scored 5 , Jared Osborne scored 4 , Sammy Anspach scored 2 , Dalton Meeks scored 2 , and Andrew Poppe scored 1 .
Versailles improved to 16-1 overall and 6-0 in the MAC with the win . The Tigers will play host to Vandalia-Butler on Tuesday .
Smoke rises from buildings following a reported air strike on a rebel-held area in the southern Syrian city of Daraa on Wednesday ( AFP photo )
LOSBY GODS , Norway — A new round of Syria peace talks could happen next month in Geneva , the United Nations envoy said on Wednesday , following repeated failed attempts to stem the bloodshed .
Staffan de Mistura told reporters at a conference in Norway that fresh negotiations aimed at ending Syria 's six-year-old civil war could start at the end of the holy Muslim month of Ramadan .
The UN has mediated peace talks between Syrian government and rebel delegations for several years to little avail .
But a parallel peace process involving allies of Syrian President Bashar Assad , Russia and Iran , and rebel supporter Turkey , agreed in May to establish four safe zones across Syria where flights would be banned and aid deliveries ensured .
The zones — where aerial bombardments were supposed to stop — have ushered in a marked decrease in fighting .
But that plan , agreed in the Kazakh capital Astana between some of the war 's major players , has stalled as sponsor nations disagreed over the precise outlines and which countries should send in forces to police the zones .
A new round of Astana talks had been scheduled for this week but were postponed indefinitely .
De Mistura called the advances agreed during Astana talks an `` important '' part of efforts to end the war that has killed more than 320,000 people and forced millions from their homes since 2011 .
`` We hope that what is being done in Astana can be expanded in order to [ reach ] ... a total ceasefire , '' they said .
The postponed talks could take place `` sometime early July '' , before the G-20 summit in Hamburg on July 7-8 , they said .
The UN envoy said they hoped some progress would be made between Assad-backer Russia and the United States during the G-20 that may boost peace prospects .
`` Syria is certainly on the radar screen of both and this is a good time to discuss it , '' they said .
Murray Kinsella reports from Stade de France
JOE SCHMIDT TOOK to the stage for their post-match press conference in Paris with a brief smile on their face .
The Ireland head coach would go on to admit there was pure relief mixed in among their emotions after Johnny Sexton 's beautiful last-gasp drop goal secured a 15-13 win for Ireland in Paris , but there was delight too .
Johnny Sexton is mobbed by their team-mates . Source : James Crombie/INPHO
Schmidt has now led their Irish teams to two victories away in Paris , with a sole defeat in 2016 , although it looked for all money that the opportunity had slipped away this evening after Teddy Thomas ' stunning 74th-minute try sent France ahead .
“ It 's pretty hard to explain how you feel when you think the game has got away and you 've let it slip and suddenly you 've grabbed it because of , I felt , an incredible team effort to work their way up the pitch , about 40 or 45 metres and then to add on , at the end of it , a 40-metre drop goal , ” said Schmidt when asked how they had felt when Sexton sealed the win for Ireland .
“ It was fairly inspirational , even the fact that so many people had to be involved . We had to drop kick the ball to start with and Iain Henderson got it back . We played a number of phases , a cross-kick for Keith Earls , who leapt three or four feet into the air to claim it .
“ We felt we got very close to earning some reward when it was very , very slow ball . It was difficult to clear our ball a number of times but we did n't appear to be going to get much of a chance there .
“ Then , when they struck the drop goal , I was just willing it to have enough distance to get over because when they struck it , it looked like it might and when it did , I think the coaching staff all stood up as one and probably cheered with the other Irish supporters who were in the stadium . ”
The fact that Ireland had to wait until deep into the 83rd minute of play to grab this crucial victory made it all the sweeter in the end , but the stark swing of emotions was difficult for Schmidt .
Only minutes earlier , with replacement France out-half Anthony Belleau standing over a penalty that could have extended their lead out to 16-12 and , therefore , required Ireland to score a try to win , Schmidt thought the game was gone .
“ We felt it was one that got away if it managed to get away , ” said Schmidt . “ I felt we did a lot of things really well , we started the game really strongly right from the first phase of play .
Conor Murray and Johnny Sexton . Source : Dan Sheridan/INPHO
“ We launched at them and there was some good handling in the backline , Bundee Aki freed up Keith Earls on the edge with Jacob Stockdale linking up as well .
“ It was a stop-start game , there were lots of penalties and lots of potential penalties that cause some very slow ball .
“ If you try to break a French defence down with slow ball , even in those last phases of play there were rucks that were seven or eight seconds , you are really up against it .
“ Physically getting off the line , you know how tough they are . I think people physically underestimate how tough it is to come here and win . Having metrics [ like possession and territory ] in your favour does n't necessarily give you the one metric you want at the end of the day , which is the 15-13 that we managed to scramble at the end . ”
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
This year 's Southern Baptist Convention Pastors ' Conference will center on the theme “ Fulfill Your Ministry ! ” and exhort pastors and other ministers to finish strong in their callings .
Pastors ' Conference President H.B . Charles said the diverse lineup of speakers – who are black , white and Hispanic – illustrate that “ God uses different persons , different personalities and different backgrounds . ”
“ My first concern was that these men I 've invited are faithful preachers , ” Charles said , “ and that these are men who represent what 2 Timothy 2:15 says : that they rightly handle the Word of Truth . ”
Below is a list of pertinent information on the Pastors ' Conference followed by a schedule of speakers .
Southern Baptist Convention Pastors ' Conference 2018
June 10-11 , 2018
Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center
Theme : “ Fulfill Your Ministry ! ”
President : H.B . Charles , pastor , Shiloh Metropolitan Baptist Church , Jacksonville , Fla .
Free and Open to the Public – no registration required
Website : sbcpc.net
SUNDAY , JUNE 10 , 6 P.M .
Juan Sanchez , pastor , High Pointe Baptist Church , Austin , Texas
James Merritt , pastor , Cross Pointe Church , Duluth , Ga .
Tony Evans , pastor , Oak Cliff Bible Fellowship , Dallas
MONDAY , JUNE 11 , 9 A.M .
Bryan Carter , pastor , Concord Church , Dallas
Cameron Triggs , pastor , Grace Alive , Orlando , Fla .
Jack Graham , pastor , Prestonwood Baptist Church , Plano , Texas
MONDAY , JUNE 11 , 1:30 P.M .
Ray Pritchard , president , Keep Believing Ministries , Dallas
Frank Pomeroy , pastor , First Baptist Church , Sutherland Springs , Texas
Robert Smith , Charles T. Carter Baptist Chair of Divinity , Beeson Divinity School , Birmingham , Ala .
MONDAY , JUNE 11 , 6 P.M .
Daven Watkins , pastor , First Baptist Church , Pelham , Ala .
Charlie Dates , pastor , Progressive Baptist Church , Chicago
J.D . Greear , pastor , The Summit Church , Raleigh-Durham , N.C .
( EDITOR 'S NOTE – Compiled by David Roach , chief national correspondent for Baptist Press , the Southern Baptist Convention 's news service . )
Come back every day at 8:30 a.m. EST to watch People Now streaming live from Time Inc. headquarters in New York City , and rebroadcast at 11:30 am EST . Get the absolute latest in celebrity news , real-life people stories & the best of fashion and food .
Want even more ? Watch clips from yesterday 's People Now .
[ India ] , February 03 ( ANI ) : Two security guards suffered injuries on Saturday after an ex-army personal misfired their weapon at a security service agency in Telangana 's Begumpet .
The incident occurred when Suresh Kumar Rao , who is now working as a private security personnel in Axis bank , was cleaning their barrel gun .
The injured have been admitted to the hospital for treatment . ( ANI )
March 31 FMC Corp :
* FMC Corporation announces acquisition of significant portion of DuPont 's crop protection business ; simultaneous sale of health and nutrition to DuPont
* FMC will make a cash payment to DuPont of $ 1.2 billion
* Transactions will be immediately accretive to FMC 'S adjusted earnings per share , upon closing
* FMC Corp - FMC health and nutrition will become part of DuPont 's nutrition & health segment
* In 2017 , FMC expects the acquired business will generate approximately $ 1.5 billion in revenue and $ 475 million of EBITDA
* FMC Corp - expects transaction to be immediately accretive to adjusted earnings per share
* Majority of DuPont 's crop protection research workforce will transfer to FMC as part of this transaction Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The Foxhill community is grieving the loss of a man who died on the estate at the weekend .
Emergency services descended on Sedgemoor Road at about 4.30pm on Sunday ( August , 13 ) .
Police quickly confirmed that a man had died following an assault and that two people had been arrested .
Another man , who was also assaulted , suffered injuries which police said were not life threatening or life changing .
Follow our live blog for the latest updates on this major incident .
Limiting a much-needed resource could pit pathogens against one another and prevent the emergence of drug resistance . New research demonstrates that harnessing competition among pathogens inside a patient could extend the life of existing drugs where resistance is already present and prevent resistance to new drugs from emerging . A paper describing this ecological approach to drug resistance appears the week of Dec. 11 in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
`` Drug resistance is hindering efforts to control HIV , tuberculosis and malaria , which collectively kill nearly 3 million people worldwide every year , '' said Nina Wale , graduate student at Penn State at the time of the research , and lead author of the paper . `` It also complicates recovery from major surgeries and cancer chemotherapy . We are faced with a big problem : What can we do when a patient is infected with a drug-resistant pathogen , which will cause treatment to fail ? We could use other drugs , but other drugs may not be available and developing new ones is a lengthy and expensive process . By taking advantage of competition between parasites inside a host , we managed to use an existing drug to successfully treat an infection , even when drug-resistant parasites were already there . ''
Drug resistance originates when a pathogen -- such as a parasite , virus , or bacterium -- develops a genetic mutation that allows it to avoid being killed by the drug . Even if only one individual pathogen has this mutation , as is frequently the case when resistance first arises , that one individual can replicate into a population of billions once it survives drug treatment . But resistance often comes with a cost , and drug-resistant pathogens often do not acquire certain resources as efficiently as other pathogens , or they may require more of the resource .
`` In the absence of drug treatment , the only thing that stops resistant pathogens from spreading is competition with the pathogens that are sensitive to drug treatment , '' said Andrew Read , Evan Pugh Professor of Biology and Entomology and Eberly Professor of Biotechnology at Penn State , and senior author of the paper . `` We 're utilizing the natural force of competition to control the resistant ones and using conventional drugs to treat the sensitive ones . ''
The researchers manipulated a nutrient in the drinking water of mice that is used by malaria parasites during an infection -- just as a gardener might manipulate nutrients through fertilizers to favor certain plants . This dietary intervention was used alongside traditional drugs as a sort of combination therapy .
`` We treated mice infected with drug-sensitive malaria parasites with traditional drugs , '' said Wale . `` When mice were given the nutrient , the treatment failed in 40 percent of the mice , and we confirmed by a variety of tests that this was because drug-resistant strains had popped up . But when the nutrient was limited , the infection did not rebound in a single mouse . So by limiting this nutrient , we prevented the emergence of drug resistance . ''
The researchers then confirmed that their results were due to competition among parasites and not some other effect of limiting the nutrient . When drug-treated mice were infected only with resistant strains and the nutrient was limited , the resistant parasites survived . But when drug-treated mice were infected with both sensitive and resistant parasites , limiting the nutrient stopped resistant parasites from growing at all -- even when resistant parasites were initially present at far greater numbers than when they typically first appear in a host .
`` This study is a proof-of-principle that an ecological manipulation can make it possible to continue using a drug , '' said Read , `` even when resistant pathogens that would otherwise cause a treatment failure are present at great numbers . People have already been looking for weak points of resistant pathogens , but they do it in the absence of susceptible ones . Our work shows that studies that do not involve this competition aspect are missing the natural force that keeps resistance under control , and that is missing a huge amount of potential for manipulation . ''
This work suggests a new direction of study that would allow researchers to capitalize on the natural competition between pathogens to control the emergence of drug resistance . For infections like tuberculosis and malaria , where drug-resistant strains to traditional drugs already exist , researchers must next identify a resource or nutrient for which drug-resistant strains have greater needs than sensitive strains ; confirm that limiting the resource would lead to the elimination of resistant strains ; determine the most effective intervention strategy to remove the resource ; and pinpoint the ideal timing of the intervention . For an infection where a new drug is being developed , these questions could be addressed during the drug development phase .
`` Researchers already go to great lengths to identify drug resistance as a routine part of drug development , '' said Read . `` You could work the development of a resource-limiting intervention into that drug development pipeline . The initial cost would increase , but after that relatively small initial investment , you might be able to extend the lifetime of a drug . It costs a hundred million dollars or more to bring a new drug to market , so the payoff could be quite big .
`` Typically if a physician detects drug resistance in an infection , they wo n't use that drug . And that 's okay if you 've got another option . But if you have n't got another option , this is the sort of manipulation that would allow you to treat the patient even when resistance is there . ''
In addition to Wale and Read , the research team includes Derek Sim , Matthew Jones and Rahel Salathe at Penn State , and Troy Day at Queen 's University , Kingston , Ontario . This work was funded by the Institute of General Medical Science .
# # #
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) — US President Donald Trump and their wife arrived at the MedStar Washington Hospital Center to visit Congressman Steve Scalise who was recovering from surgery after getting shot while participating in baseball practice in Alexandria , Virginia .
© AP Photo/ Alex Brandon Shooter at Baseball Practice in Virginia Identified as James Hodkinson
White House pool reports claimed that Trump and First Lady Melania Trump were reportedly seen bringing flowers to Scalise who was shot earlier on Wednesday .
Scalise was earlier reported to be in critical condition after they and four other people were shot during practice for an annual charity baseball game .
In addition to Scalise , two US Capitol Police officers — Krystal Griner and David Bailey — were shot , along with Zack Barth , an aide for Congressman Roger Williams , and Matt Mika , a former congressional staffer who now works as a lobbyist for the Tysons Foods company .
Media reports identified the suspect as James Hodgkinson , and President Donald Trump was the first to announce that the 66-year old died after being shot by police . Hodgkinson was also a supporter of Senator Bernie Sanders , a popular liberal lawmaker and 2016 Democratic Party presidential candidate .
According to reports , ESPN 's expensive new morning show , Get Up ! , may already be on the verge of changes , due to low ratings and bad reviews .
By at least one report , Get Up ! is “ on a short leash ” and may face re-tooling if it has not gelled by the September 6 kickoff of the 2018 NFL football season .
According to Sporting News , the show has performed dismally in its debut month :
Since premiering April 3 , the expensive new show has suffered from underwhelming ratings , poor critical reviews and work-in-progress chemistry between co-stars Beadle , Mike Greenberg and Jalen Rose . On the fly , it 's also trying to figure out what kind of show it wants to be . Does it focus on news , highlights and the feel-good , inspirational sports moments Greenberg likes ? Or go big on controversial takes from Beadle and Rose ?
Sporting News goes on to note that insiders have told them to “ look for changes in front of and behind the camera ” unless things improve by September .
Why is September so important ? Because , SN says , the NFL season is when sports show make the most money , and if Get Up ! is still struggling , that money will not materialize . Which would be disastrous for the young show .
Some speculate that a fourth host may be added to bring more football expertise to the set . Candidates may include Ryan Clark , Booger McFarland or Damien Woody .
Still , ESPN 's executive vice president of content Connor Schell insists that the network intends to give Get Up ! the time it needs to come into its own :
“ This is a work in progress . That 's what any new show is . It 's not the same as Day 1 . In fact , in many cases on a daily show , your first show is the worst one . Then you go , ‘ OK , this felt comfortable , we 're going to do this , we 're going to move a little faster here , this segment worked , ' ” Schell said . “ That 's a process that we want to give time to and let some smart , talented people think about it and iterate it . I do n't mean for that to sound like a canned answer . It 's true . It 's what we said going in . ”
Schell did admit that football season is when shows like Get Up ! make their bankroll . But even so , they said management still “ believes ” in the show .
It appears that new ESPN chief Jimmy Pitaro is also keeping their eye on the show saying that network execs are watching the progress of the show “ every single day . ”
“ We 've already made changes to the program . And ratings are up double-digits from when we actually launched . … So we 're feeling very good about the progress , ” Pitaro said .
But , Get Up ! has struggled in the ratings . Despite its prime morning hours , the show has had trouble finding its audience . For instance , ratings fell for each of its first three weeks .
The show has not been a bright spot for ESPN , especially after spending $ 15 million combined for the annual salaries for its three hosts , not to mention the millions the cable sports network has already spent on building a New York City set , in addition to advertising for the show .
ESPN turned heads when it announced the coming debut when advanced publicity had hosts Michelle Beadle , and Jalen Rose , saying that social justice politics would feature in as an important part of their show . The quotes caused many to speculate that social justice issues would feature prominently on Get Up !
The speculation that the show would be more “ woke ” than sports rose to such a fever pitch that Mike Greenberg felt it necessary to come out to wave off criticism saying that social justice issues would not be a major part of the show .
In any case , it looks like the hosts of Get Up ! are on notice . Get it together or face some major repercussions .
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @ warnerthuston .
WASHINGTON , Aug. 14 , 2017 -- Fireflies , frogs , jellyfish , mushrooms and even parrots have the ability to emit light from their bodies . These creatures use either bioluminescence or fluorescence to put on their light shows . Speaking of Chemistry explains the chemistry behind these natural light sources in this week 's video : https : / / youtu . be/ jp-jYVktx7s .
# # #
Speaking of Chemistry is a production of Chemical & Engineering News , a weekly newsmagazine of the American Chemical Society . It 's the series that keeps you up to date with the important and fascinating chemistry shaping the world around you . Subscribe to the series at http : //www . youtube . com/ cenonline , and follow us on Twitter @ CENMag .
The American Chemical Society , the world 's largest scientific society , is a not-for-profit organization chartered by the U.S. Congress . ACS is a global leader in providing access to chemistry-related information and research through its multiple databases , peer-reviewed journals and scientific conferences . ACS does not conduct research , but publishes and publicizes peer-reviewed scientific studies . Its main offices are in Washington , D.C. , and Columbus , Ohio .
To automatically receive press releases from the American Chemical Society , contact newsroom @ acs.org .
Follow us : Twitter Facebook
KANSAS CITY , Mo . - A Kansas City family has confirmed the man killed in a triple shooting early Sunday was 23-year old Desean Parker .
Police were called to the area of 9th and Washington around 2:30 a.m. and discovered Parker , another male and a female victim with gunshot wounds .
“ He was a very special person . They loved music . They love their kids , ” said Parker 's mother , Rashawnda Townsend .
Townsend told 41 Action News their son was a father to five young children , including a 4-month-old boy .
“ He was a hardworking man , ” said Townsend . “ They took away my baby . The violence has got to stop . ”
Police continue to investigate the shooting . If anyone has information , call the TIPS Hotline at 816-474-TIPS .
-- -- -- -
Brian Abel can be reached at brian.abel @ kshb.com .
Follow them on Twitter :
Follow @ BrianAbelTV
Connect on Facebook :
Voters in the Grandfield school district in Tillman County will decide on two school bond issues totaling $ 475,000 for buildings and transportation on Feb. 13 .
Proposition 1 is a $ 325,000 bond issue to provide funding for constructing , equipping , repairing and remodeling school buildings and acquisition of school furnishings , fixtures and equipment . Proposition 2 is a $ 150,000 bond for transportation .
Grandfield Superintendent James Higdon said funding from Proposition 1 would be used for facility improvements , technology upgrades and other needs , along with the purchases of two vehicles . The facility improvements would include the purchase and installation of new doors , fencing , restroom fixtures , new flooring , lights and fans for the elementary school gym ; construction of restroom facilities at the softball field ; the purchase of a new ice machine and water softener for the cafeteria ; and technology equipment districtwide .
The vehicles to be purchased from Proposition 1 funding would be a pickup truck and a utility vehicle such as a Chevrolet Suburban or equivalent .
Proposition 2 funding would be used for the purchases of 29- and 65-passenger school buses .
Higdon said the restroom fixtures and other improvements would be a continuation of improvements that began with funding from a previous bond issue approved by district voters five years ago .
Vietnam marked 50 years since the My Lai massacre . On March 16 , 1968 , US troops killed 504 people in Son My , in an incident known as the My Lai Massacre , the worst recorded US war crime in Vietnam . The commemoration ceremony was attended by survivors , their families , and some 60 US Vietnam War veterans .
Sputnik discussed this with Dr. Gregory Daddis , associate professor of history and director of the graduate program in war and society at Chapman University in California . A retired US Army colonel , they have served in both Operations Desert Storm and Iraqi Freedom . Dr. Daddis specializes in the history of the Vietnam Wars and the Cold War era .
Sputnik : How significant is the fact that US veterans participated in the commemoration ceremony for the My Lai massacre ?
READ MORE : Former Vietnam PM Credited With Raising Nation Up After US Invasion Dead at 84
Dr. Gregory Daddis : I think it is fairly significant , as we heard in the opening piece the forgiveness is an important part of reconciliation between the Americans and the Vietnamese . I think forgiveness is also , ultimately , how we achieve peace , so the fact that US veterans participated in the ceremony ; I think what it does is , it helps us move the storyline away from an American-centric narrative and to see that it was n't only Americans that suffered during the Vietnam war . I think many Americans for obvious reasons focus on the American experience in Vietnam , but I think when we consider the physical and spiritual effects that this mass killing had on the Vietnamese I think it is important and certainly significant , in terms of how we commemorate those that died .
Sputnik : How has the US view of the Vietnam War and Vietnamese veterans changed over the years up until this point ?
Dr. Gregory Daddis : Americans have I think , more embraced the veterans that served in Vietnam , I think there was a conflation of contesting American foreign policy and then putting that on the veterans in the late 1960 's and early 1970 's , and I think we have certainly evolved from that and separated foreign policy problems with the American approach in the Vietnam war the veteran experience . I think that 's been an important part of reintegrating those veterans back into society . I think as the society learned the lesson , in a sense , of how we embrace our veterans back from war , and from my personal experience I benefited from that process of learning , so you see some very explicit differences of how society treated its veterans in the late 1960 's and early 1970 's and how they have done today .
READ MORE : 'It was a Rampage ' : My Lai Massacre 50 Years Later
Sputnik : Do you think we 'll see some ceremonies held in Iraq , in other places where the United States was involved in the military action ?
Dr. Gregory Daddis : I think that depends on how we reconceive our relationship with Iraq , but if you think about the Vietnamese experience , that re-conception of the relationship between the United States and Vietnam really depended upon the courage of some Vietnam War veterans here in the United States that were in positions of power to rethink what Vietnam meant , so if you think about Vietnam veterans like Senator John McCain and Senator John Kerry , they believed that Vietnam could be a place not just a war , so they basically reconcieved what Vietnam meant for the American public , and I think we 'll have to do something similar with Iraq , to see Iraq as a place where people live rather than a war where Americans have fought .
READ MORE : US Carrier Visits Port in Vietnam for First Time Since War Ended 40 Years Ago
Sputnik : Do you think these kinds of events can possibly work towards preventing US-led wars in the future ?
Dr. Gregory Daddis : I would hope so , but I might be a little optimistic . Any opportunity to reach beyond our borders and to relate with other peoples and other cultures is certainly welcome and I think important in terms of how we see ourselves relating to the rest of the globe and I think for these events to hopefully have an impact in terms of preventing US-led wars , we as a society , in a sense , have to kick our addiction to war . We still see the military tool as a primary means of our foreign policy , and so for us to move beyond that we have to rethink our foreign policy and , in a sense , the militarization of that policy .
Sputnik : In your view , what is the most important lesson that can be learned from the war in Vietnam and other wars the US has been involved in more recent years , in Iraq , in Libya , in Afghanistan , what can you say ?
Dr. Gregory Daddis : In short , that there are limits to American power , and that is uncomfortable for some Americans to consider . It is an uncomfortable proposition , but I think the Vietnam experience for Americans demonstrated that there was this misplaced faith in a war to have the capacity to transform societies abroad . We 'd hoped that through war we could help South Vietnam transform into a stable non-communist , democratic state and , clearly , we fell short of those goals . So I think it is an important perspective from the Vietnam War for Americans to consider the limits of military power in foreign policy and hopefully to have a more holistic approach to our relationships with the rest of the world .
The views and opinions expressed by Dr. Gregory Daddis are those of the expert ( analyst , speaker ) and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik .
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world , but it is even easier to make than you think .
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here , Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages . Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit 's finest .
FACIL announces results of General meeting ( KSE ) Date : 16 Apr 2017 Commercial Facilities Company announced results of General meeting held on April 16 , 2017 . Shareholders approved the distribution of 16 Fils cash dividends per share .
Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night ' game
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Texas Lottery 's `` All or Nothing Night '' game were :
01-05-09-10-12-13-15-17-18-22-23-24
( one , five , nine , ten , twelve , thirteen , fifteen , seventeen , eighteen , twenty-two , twenty-three , twenty-four )
JOHANNESBURG , April 5 Ratings firm Moody 's said on Wednesday it was placing South Africa 's state power firm Eskom 's credit rating on review for a downgrade , citing the risk of the country 's institutional , economic and fiscal strength deteriorating after President Jacob Zuma dismissed a respected finance minister last week .
On Monday , S & P cut South Africa 's credit level to junk status over growing concerns of political and policy instability following Zuma 's midnight cabinet reshuffle last Thursday .
( Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana ; Editing James Macharia )
PONTIAC ( WWJ ) – A 19-year-old man who was shot by police after allegedly stealing a vehicle and wielding a “ large , Rambo-style knife ” is facing a list of criminal charges .
The incident unfolded around 8 p.m. on Jan. 26 after , according to police , Deshawn Simpson stole a vehicle that was parked outside of Happy 's Pizza on Huron Street ( M-59 ) in Pontiac . The victim called 911 in a panic and told police they were following behind the suspect in their sister 's vehicle . The incident was originally reported as a carjacking but later determined to be an auto theft .
Oakland County Sheriff 's deputies caught up with Simpson on M-59 just west of Rochester Road , but they refused to stop . They continued driving eastbound on M-59 until they entered Macomb County . At that point , police say Simpson tried to turn around onto westbound M-59 , east of Van Dyke in Utica , but deputies performed a PIT maneuver and disabled the vehicle .
After the crash , Simpson got out of the vehicle and started running . As they were being chased by deputies , Simpson allegedly pulled out a “ large , Rambo-style knife , ” according to police . Deputies then fired shots at Simpson , striking them in the buttocks . They were then taken into custody and transported to the hospital for treatment .
Simpson was arraigned on Wednesday in Oakland County Circuit Court on two counts of violation of probation . Bond was set at $ 20,000 . The same day , they were also arraigned in Pontiac 's 50th District Court on charges of unlawfully driving away a motor vehicle , carrying a concealed weapon , third degree fleeing from a police officer , injuring/harassing a police animal during a crime , and assaulting/resisting/obstructing a police officer . Bond was set at $ 10,000 .
Simpson remains lodged in the Oakland County Jail . He 's due back in Oakland County Circuit Court on Feb. 6 and 50th District Court on Feb. 8 .
Stanford 's Bryce Love has run over everybody he 's faced so far this year . So what can the Utes do to slow down the explosive running back on Saturday ?
( credit : istock )
By JACQUES BILLEAUD , Associated Press
CHANDLER , Ariz. ( AP ) — An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets , according to court documents obtained by The Associated Press .
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where the attack was launched on Oct. 1 contained the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig of Arizona , according to the complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix . It says Haig did n't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition .
The records do n't say if the ammunition was used in the attack . Haig was charged shortly before holding a news conference Friday where they said they did n't notice anything suspicious when they sold 720 rounds of ammunition to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the attack that killed 58 people .
Haig , a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years , said they met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show in the weeks before the shooting and they were well-dressed and polite .
They did n't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking , so Paddock contacted them a few days later and lined up a sale at Haig 's home in the Phoenix suburb of Mesa . Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct .
Haig said they were shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed them of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded .
“ I had no contribution to what Paddock did , ” Haig said , adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition Paddock bought . “ I had no way to see into their mind . ”
Haig 's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect their reputation after they were revealed earlier this week to be a “ person of interest ” in the investigation . Haig 's identity emerged by mistake after their name was not redacted in court documents .
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with their name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock launched the attack on a music festival below .
They gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale .
Haig said Paddock told them that “ he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show , either with or for their friends . I ca n't remember whether they used the word ‘ with ' or ‘ for . ' But they said that they were going out at night to shoot it with friends . ”
They said they have received unwanted media attention and death threats since their name was released . Still , Haig , who has closed their ammunition business , said they do n't expect to take any legal action as a result of their name being publicly revealed .
The Las Vegas Police Department and U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives declined to comment when contacted earlier Friday .
The FBI and U.S. attorney 's office in Nevada did n't immediately respond to emails seeking comment .
© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guenther Steiner insists the fact that Romain Grosjean has yet to score their first point of the season is not a problem , particularly as their performances have been strong in all three Grand Prix of the year .
Whereas Kevin Magnussen has eleven points thanks to a fifth-place finish in Bahrain and a tenth place in China , Grosjean has the best finish of thirteenth in Bahrain , but their team principal within the Haas F1 Team insists top ten results are just around the corner for the Frenchman .
“ It 's actually not a problem , ” said Steiner . “ While Romain has n't had the results they would 've liked and we all wished we had , for one reason or another , there was never a lack of performance .
“ There are no issues within the team . We have a good team atmosphere and Romain will get the results they and we want . I have no doubt about that . ”
Grosjean feels luck has been against them in the opening three races , but they know the VF-18 is a good car , and they believe the luck will turn in their favour sooner rather than later .
“ Yes . I think the car is really good , and the team has done a good job , ” said Grosjean . “ We have n't had much luck yet . We 've had three races where we were looking at points , and three times where we have n't scored .
“ Knowing that we 've got a good baseline and a good car is very exciting . I know it 's going to come our way at some point . Hopefully , that 's going to be in Baku . ”
Area youngsters and their parents are invited to enjoy the third annual Cops & Bobbers fishing event on Saturday , June 9 , from 10 a.m. to 12 noon at Stevenson 's Lake southwest of Petersburg .
There will be three age groups this year — one to five years old , six to 10 , and 11 to 15 . Prizes will be awarded to the biggest fish caught in each age group .
Parental supervision is required for all participating youth .
All area youth is welcome to take part , and free T-shirts will be given to all who were pre-registered by May 18 .
Hot dogs will be served for lunch after fishing , and free-will donations are welcome .
The event is sponsored by Boone County law enforcement .
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share ( before tax ) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
After a little over two years on the market , FCA might finally have a buyer . It was recently reported that an unnamed Chinese automaker has expressed serious interest in a takeover of FCA , rumors suggest it was the well-known Guangzhou Automobile Group , or GAC .
According to Automotive News , representatives of the Chinese automaker made a serious bid earlier in the month , offering a premium over FCA 's market value . Ultimately the offer was rejected , but more than one Chinese auto giant is in the market for the company .
Separate reports suggest that representatives from the Great Wall Motor Company have traveled to FCA 's Auburn Hills , Michigan headquarters to discuss the possibility of a takeover . Along with Great Wall , Dongfeng Motor Corp. , Zhejiang Geely , and the asupervisorstioned Guangzhou Automobile Group are reportedly among the interested suiters , though it 's still unclear which of the companies intend to follow through with an offer .
Already GAC partners with FCA in the marque 's joint venture in China , producing vehicles like the Fiat Viaggio , Jeep Cherokee , and the recently introduced Jeep Yuntu concept , pictured here . The FCA sale would include the brands Jeep , Ram , Chrysler , Dodge , and Fiat , but would exclude Maserati , Alfa Romeo , and Ferrari . The three brands would reportedly be spun off in an effort to boost returns for the holding company controlled by the Agnelli family , Exor .
`` The only one who would have the money ( and reason ) to take over Fiat Chrysler Automobiles would be China , '' said analyst David Sullivan from AutoPacific . `` The Chinese seem more enthralled than anyone else . ''
Last year FCA raked in a revenue of €111.018 billion with a profit of €1.814 billion . The group employs more than 225,000 people around the world , and operates in four different regions , making it the seventh largest automaker in the world .
Source : Automotive News
For Matthew O'Halloran , Crohn 's disease is simply a fact of life . The 13-year-old Brockville teen and their family have not only adapted to the disease they were diagnosed with at age two , but they are committed to raising awareness about it to help reduce stigma .
“ We want their peers to know about it and understand it . We want to take away that embarrassment , ” said their mother Jennifer Klatt .
Their efforts to raise awareness about the disease are , unfortunately , timely .
Growing numbers of Canadian children , like Matthew , are being diagnosed with inflammatory bowel disease at a young age every year , according to a study published Tuesday in the American Journal of Gastroenterology .
Canada already has one of the highest rates of childhood inflammatory bowel disease in the world , but the rapid growth of the disease among children under five is causing concern among those who treat and care for them .
“ The number of children under five being diagnosed with IBD is alarming because it was almost unheard of 20 years ago , and it is now much more common , ” says Dr. Eric Benchimol , a pediatric gastroenterologist at the Children 's Hospital of Eastern Ontario .
CHEO is diagnosing 60 to 70 children a year , they said .
Benchimol is the lead author of the study , which shows the number of children under the age of five from five Canadian provinces being diagnosed with inflammatory bowel disease — which includes Crohn 's disease and ulcerative colitis — grew by 7.2 per cent a year between 1999 and 2020 . The research was done through the Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences ( ICES ) , with which Benchimol is a researcher .
And , while overall rates for children under 16 have stabilized across much of Canada , Ontario saw a 5.8 per cent annual increase in diagnoses for all children under 16 during the same time period .
“ We are seeing more of it , ” at CHEO , said Benchimol . “ The numbers are huge — much bigger than they were 10 or 20 years ago . When you talk to some of the older doctors , they never saw it ( in children ) under five years old , it was completely unheard of and extremely rare under 10 . ”
The growth in IBD in children under five is not only worrisome , but also largely a mystery . Although some children are at a higher genetic risk of the disease , Benchimol said scientists think something environmental is triggering the disease in young children . What , exactly , is still a matter of hypothesis .
It is likely that some factor in the child 's early life is changing their gut microbiome — the microbe population that lives in people 's intenstines and influences their health — said Benchimol .
Possible risk factors , they said , include early antibiotic use , the cleanliness often associated with modern life , especially in cities , or lack of vitamin D and winter sunlight . None of the theories has been conclusively proven .
Benchimol said parents whose children have been diagnosed with inflammatory bowel disease at a young age always ask why : “ Unfortunately , we do n't know . It is probably multiple factors . We still have to figure out how to prevent it . ”
For the O'Halloran family , with the diagnosis of Crohn 's — symptoms include diarrhea and abdominal pain — came trying different combinations of food and treatments . Matthew 's mother said the family always offered to get involved in research studies with doctors at the hospital and did as much research as they could to better understand it .
They have also made it a mission to educate teachers , students and others about the disease . Matthew has given several speeches about it at school and raised money for it .
“ The more people know about Crohn 's , the less there is a stigma . ”
Matthew , who plays hockey and baseball , is now on a treatment that their mother describes as a “ miracle drug ” for him . They have to stick to a schedule and watch what they eat , “ but they do n't let it define who they are . ”
Researchers noted that diagnosis at a young age can be tough on children and their families . “ The psycho-social impact on the family of caring for a young child with a chronic illness is significant . ”
Klatt agreed , calling the diagnosis a “ life sentence , ” and adding : “ The staff at CHEO have made our journey bearable . ”
epayne @ postmedia.com
The Trump administration on Friday urged the overhaul of key rules underpinning trading in U.S. stock , bond and derivatives markets , calling on regulators to loosen dozens of restrictions imposed on Wall Street after the financial crisis .
The 220-page report written by the Treasury Department lays out a series of recommendations for the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission . Rather than making specific demands , the document is intended to be a road map for the agencies to streamline regulations affecting the largest banks , hedge funds and exchanges .
While some of the changes would require congressional action , most could be accomplished by rewriting regulations . The markets review was spurred by President Donald Trump 's February executive order calling for a broad rethink of financial regulations . Treasury issued a separate report on bank oversight reforms in June , and another on asset managers is set to be released in the coming days .
“ The review has identified a wide range of measures that could promote economic growth and vibrant financial markets , ” the report said .
Opposition Anticipated
A number of the suggestions in the markets study have long been backed by industry , and groups like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce were quick to praise them . Meanwhile , Democratic lawmakers and investor advocates are expected to oppose many of the recommendations . They 've been critical of the Republican administration 's attempts to cut Wall Street regulations , especially those enacted in response to the financial crisis .
The administration 's wish list is n't likely to be granted any time soon . The regulatory process is notoriously slow , and neither the SEC nor the CFTC have a full compliment of commissioners .
Treasury 's recommendations included proposed adjustments to rules stemming from two laws that tightened capital markets oversight , the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 . Two Trump appointees , SEC Chairman Jay Clayton and CFTC Chairman Chris Giancarlo , will be charged with carrying out many of the proposals .
Both agencies saw their oversight roles expanded by Dodd-Frank , with the CFTC being given responsibility for policing the massive over-the-counter derivatives market . The two chairpeople appointed by Trump are aligned with the administration 's goal of dialing back some of those rules .
Clayton told lawmakers in March that they thought Dodd-Frank regulations should be reviewed to determine “ whether they are achieving their objectives effectively. ” And they have repeatedly said that they want to stem a two-decade decline in the number of publicly traded U.S. companies—a subject the Treasury report will address . Giancarlo reached out to the derivatives industry earlier this year for suggestions on how the CFTC could simplify and modernize agency rules that they said can be “ unnecessarily complex . ”
In particular , the Treasury recommended that the CFTC and SEC work better together , especially in monitoring derivatives markets . The report echoed calls by Giancarlo for a loosening of restrictions around the execution of swaps trades . It also backed an effort by Giancarlo to harmonize swaps data reporting .
“ We are pleased to see our perspective incorporated in the final product , ” Giancarlo said in a statement .
Craig Phillips , a former BlackRock Inc. executive who was major fundraiser for Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign , has been leading the Treasury 's regulatory review . They are now a senior adviser to Secretary Steven Mnuchin .
Bloomberg News
Because we know how things work , sometimes we think we understand why these things work as they do . That can be a problem .
In this edition of Two Guys on Your Head , Dr. Art Markman and Dr. Bob Duke talk about the difference between `` how '' and `` why '' knowledge , and why it 's important to recognize what you really need to know .
EV charging station provider EVgo has started work on a new rapid charger that runs at 350 kilowatts . That 's seven times the 50 kW power output of current CHAdeMo and CCS/Combo fast chargers .
The station is being built in Baker , California at the World 's Tallest Thermometer . The site would allow electric cars with a range of 200 miles or more to comfortably make the trip from Los Angeles to Las Vegas with just a short stop to refill with electricity - and caffeine , probably .
EVgo strategy and development head Terry O'Day said : “ EVgo is laser focused on the needs of our customers , and they want faster charging at more locations . The World 's Tallest Thermometer High-Power station is an important step for the EV industry , as this new standard will open the EV market to even wider audiences . When this station opens to the public next year , EV drivers will enjoy a new level freedom . ”
But there is a problem with the 350 kW charger . Not a single electric car currently on sale , or even on the horizon , can really cope with that much that power , not least because to the enormous heat it generates . Plug in something like an early Nissan Leaf , and its batteries would simply melt . Pretty quickly . More recent cars would be better able to handle it , but their batteries could well be damaged by it all the same .
Right now , Tesla 's Superchargers deliver the most power of any consumer-level fast charger , up to 135 kW - the hardware is rated at 120 kW . Moves are afoot to bring in an industry standard of 150 kW fast charging , but even that is still two-and-a-third times less than the power of EVgo 's 350 kW charger .
It is unlikely automakers would go to the expense of designing electric cars capable of handling greater charge than the industry standard , whatever it ends up being . But if there is a market for faster charging at 350 kW , some may well offer optional adapters .
These are interesting times , when questions are being asked that do n't necessarily have one answer . EVgo has offered its opinion - will anyone agree ?
Given the ugliness , racism and general insanity surrounding the cancellation of Roseanne , it 's safe to assume that ABC wo n't be reversing its decision and bringing the revival back for its once-promised Season 11 . Nor would we want it to — at least not as it was .
It 's a shame that , in Roseanne Barr 's own words , “ hundreds of people and wonderful writers … and talented actors … lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet. ” If only there were a way for all those hard-working people to get their jobs back without having to reinstate the show 's racist star .
Wait… Did n't the revival 's first season end with Roseanne making plans to have knee surgery ? A cursory Google search will tell you that this is an extremely low-risk procedure , but since television is n't beholden to things like “ logic , ” we could make a case for something going wrong on the operating table , paving the way for a Barr-less Roseanne . ( Of course , the title would have to change , but we 've got ideas . )
And lest you think this ca n't work , just look at the excitement surrounding the final season of House of Cards , which will shift its focus to Robin Wright 's character after accusations of sexual misconduct were brought against former star Kevin Spacey .
Browse TVLine 's gallery of Ambien-fueled pitches — you can click here for direct access — then drop a comment with your thoughts below : Which show ( s ) would you watch ?
Actress Brigitte Nielsen announced on Instagram that they are pregnant with their fifth child at the age of 54 .
The Rocky IV actor posted two photos on Instagram showing off their baby bump . Nielsen , who is also known for roles in movies such as Red Sonja and Beverly Hills Cop II , also worked as a model for legendary designers such as Giorgio Armani , Gianni Versace and Gianfranco Ferré .
“ Family getting larger # me # family # brigittenielsen # babybump , ” one of the captions said .
Nielsen is married to 39-year-old Mattia Dessi , a producer .
Nielsen has been married five times and has four sons , according to People Magazine . Them sons are 23 , 25 , 28 and 34 .
PARIS ( Sputnik ) — Earlier in the day , French Interior Minister Matthias Fekl confirmed the detention in Marseilles of two people suspected of preparing a terrorist attack during the final stage of the presidential race in France . The suspects , aged 23 and 29 , were known to the special services .
According to France Info portal , bullets can also be seen at the picture .
French LCI television broadcaster reported that the suspects were planning to carry out an attack during an election campaign meeting and that the police had been searching for them for about 10 days . According to the broadcaster , arms and explosive components were found during the search .
On Sunday , Fekl told Le Journal du Dimanche weekly that terrorist threat is not ruled out during the upcoming presidential election in France and that over 50,000 police officers would be helping to ensure security on the day of the election . The minister added that the military troops would also be present .
The first round of French election is set to take place on April 23 , while the run-off is scheduled for May 7 .
CTV Atlantic
The Southeast District RCMP is asking for the public 's help identifying a suspect in a break and enter in Carleton County , N.B .
Officers were called to a home in Lakeville around 12:30 a.m. Friday .
According to RCMP , a man had broken into the house while the residents were home . One of the people in the home was assaulted , and some jewellery was taken . The suspect left the scene on foot .
Investigators tried to track the suspect to the intersection of Route 134 and Weisner Road but were unable to locate him .
The man is described as six-feet-tall with a skinny build and brown eyes . RCMP adds that they were wearing dark-coloured clothing , and spoke English with no noticeable accent .
Anyone with information about the incident is urged to contact RCMP or Crime Stoppers .
April 28 Talkweb Information System Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to could rise up to 30 percent , or to be 129.2 million yuan to 168.0 million yuan , compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 ( 129.2 million yuan )
* Comments that increased sales of education business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/D80Y47
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
–
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) Russia 's `` inflated expectations '' with the administration of US President Donald Trump are offset but not entirely rolled back with the latest statements on Crimea , the Russian lower house international affairs committee chairperson said Wednesday .
`` The possibility of restarting Russian-US relations is far from crossed out , but nevertheless such a statement , like a cold shower , cools our… inflated expectations with regard to Trump and their team , '' Leonid Slutsky told reporters .
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said on Tuesday that Trump expects Russia to de-escalate the situation in eastern Ukraine and return Crimea to Ukraine .
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we 'll keep you up to speed !
April 28 Platinum Investment Management Ltd
* Announces new exchange traded managed funds and changes to product fees
* Lowering standard management costs on platinum trust funds and platinum global fund from 1.5 % to 1.35 % pa
* Platinum investment management limited expects to launch two exchange traded managed funds ( ETMFS ) in August 2017
* Fee structure will consist of a management fee of 1.10 % pa plus a relative outperformance fee of 15 % Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
In a rambling video , Steve Stephens said , `` I snapped , I just snapped . '' But as the manhunt dragged on Monday for the man accused of posting Facebook footage of themselves killing a Cleveland retiree , police were unable to explain what set them off .
`` Only Steve knows that , '' Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said as authorities posted a $ 50,000 reward for Stephens ' capture in the shooting of Robert Godwin Sr. , a 74-year-old former foundry worker .
i
In the video , Stephens blamed a former girlfriend they had lived with , saying they woke up last week and `` could n't take it anymore . '' But in a statement Monday , the woman shed little light on what might have gone wrong and said Stephens was good to them and their children .
As for the shooting victim , Godwin appeared to have been selected at random , gunned down while picking up aluminum cans Sunday afternoon after spending Easter with some of their children .
A manhunt that started in Cleveland 's gritty east side expanded rapidly into a nationwide search for Stephens , a 37-year-old job counselor who worked with teens and young adults , police said .
`` He could be nearby . They could be far away or anywhere in between , '' FBI agent Stephen Anthony said .
Law enforcement officials said their cellphone signal was last detected on Sunday afternoon in Erie , Pennsylvania , about 100 miles ( 160 kilometers ) east of Cleveland .
Police reported getting dozens and dozens of tips , and nine schools in Philadelphia were locked down Monday while authorities investigated possible sightings of Stephens . But they said there was no sign they were actually there .
Some of those who know Stephens described them as pleasant and kind , while some said they had a gambling problem . They filed for bankruptcy two years ago .
`` He got along with everybody , so it 's just unbelievable what happened , '' said Alexis Lee , a friend who saw Stephens last week .
The police chief said : `` We are not going to pinpoint a specific thing and say this is what triggered this , because we do n't know . ''
Godwin 's daughter said they were killed while collecting cans in a plastic shopping bag .
`` Not because they needed the money , it was just something they did , '' said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin . `` That 's all they were doing . They are n't harming anyone . ''
They said their father , who had 10 children , was a gentle man with nothing mean about him .
In the shooting video , Stephens told Godwin a woman 's name and said , `` She 's the reason that this is about to happen to you . '' The victim did not seem to recognize the woman 's name . The gunman then pointed a weapon at Godwin , who shielded their face with the plastic bag .
The woman Stephens spoke of , Joy Lane , said in a text to CBS that `` we had been in a relationship for several years . I am sorry that all of this has happened . '' They said Stephens was `` a nice guy '' who was generous to everyone .
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down .
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens , despite their claim in a separate video on Facebook that they killed over a dozen people .
Detectives spoke with Stephens on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade them to surrender , police said .
Stephens worked at Beech Brook , a social service agency in suburban Cleveland that deals with vulnerable young people . They helped them gain job skills and find employment , said Beech Brook spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer .
An extensive background check before they were hired turned up nothing worrisome , they said .
Stephens filed for bankruptcy in January 2015 . Their attorney at the time , Trent Binger , said Monday that they remembered Stephens discussing gambling problems .
`` He was an easy client to deal with , '' Binger said . `` Always respectful to me ... well-mannered . ''
Missouri Southern beat # 1 Emporia State 2-1 to open up the tournament , and lost to UCO 2-1 in the second round .
After a destructive twitter-spree that prompted ABC to pull the plug on their sitcom , Roseanne Barr is feeling the heat .
“ She 's in deep darkness and is very remorseful , ” a source tells PEOPLE . “ Being a comedian , they write stuff they think is funny , but it 's always misunderstood . She 's not intentionally hurtful . They all loved each other on the Roseanne set . It really was one big happy family . ”
On Monday , the comedian shared a since-deleted attack on former Barack Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett , who is black , comparing them to an ape . The network cancelled Roseanne hours later .
Jarrett weighed in on the shocking language for the first time during an MSNBC town hall called “ Everyday Racism in America ” that aired shortly after Barr 's tweet .
Drew Angerer/Bloomberg via Getty Images ; Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images
“ First of all , I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment , ” Jarrett said . “ I 'm fine . I 'm worried about all the people out there who do n't have a circle of friends and followers coming to their defense . ”
Jarrett also said they thought ABC made the right decision in canceling Barr 's revival sitcom .
The former Obama advisor added that Bob Iger , the chief executive officer of Disney , called them ahead of the cancellation announcement to apologize .
“ He wanted me to know before they made it public that they were canceling the show , ” they said , adding that Iger told them there would be zero tolerance for those types of comments .
The actor has attributed the racist Twitter spree to their use of sleep medication Ambien .
“ Do n't feel sorry for me , guys ! ! -I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people , and wonderful writers ( all liberal ) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet , ” Barr tweeted .
Many of Barr 's castmates spoke out against the star 's racist tweet — and they were quick to respond .
Robert Trachtenberg/ABC
Michael Fishman , who played Barr 's son D.J . during the show 's original run and its 2018 reboot , tweeted that they were “ devastated ” by the show getting canceled and denounced their TV mom 's remarks .
“ Our cast , crew , writers , and production staff strived for inclusiveness , with numerous storylines designed to reflect inclusiveness , ” they wrote . “ The words of one person do not exemplify the thinking of all involved . ”
Fishman added , “ I condemn these statements vehemently . They are reprehensible and intolerable , contradicting my beliefs and outlook on life and society . I have always lived and taught my children to be inclusive . I believe our show strived to embrace different backgrounds and opinions , through open dialogue . ”
Barr responded to Fishman , 36 , early Wednesday , writing , “ I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it . You throw me under the bus . nice ! ”
Sara Gilbert , 43 , who played Roseanne 's daughter Darlene , also reacted on Twitter , saying that Barr 's comments were “ abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show . I am disappointed with their actions to say the least . ”
Barr replied , “ Wow ! unreal . ”
Wow ! unreal . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
Emma Kenney , 18 , who played Roseanne 's granddaughter Harris , claimed they were preparing to quit the show when they learned it had been canceled and said they were “ hurt , embarrassed , and disappointed ” by Barr 's tweet .
In response to a fan 's tweet defending Barr and criticizing their costars for turning their backs , the outspoken Donald Trump supporter said , “ I feel bad for @ POTUS-he goes thru this every single day . ”
Barr also placed blame for the cancellation on Wanda Sykes , a consulting producer on the sitcom who announced on social media that they would “ not be returning ” to Roseanne following the first tweet about Jarrett .
“ Her tweet made ABC very nervous and they cancelled the show , ” Barr said in response to a fan 's tweet .
Banks and financial institutions always seek new people and plans , services to attract potential customers and create good business . Car loans are such an innovative plan , which can be very useful to the common man in case of emergency . Car title loans in Toronto are the best solution in case of financial crisis or if the applicant wishes to use their cash for some other personal use . The banks and their financial institutions offer online car title loans to the applicant readily . The credit amount has to be paid off within the stipulated time with enormous interest rates .
A car title loans in Toronto allow one to borrow money from a bank against the vehicle lien that he/she owns . The borrower has to submit their car title and a set of car keys as security to get the car title loan sanctioned . In worst case situation , if the borrower is unable to pay back the loan amount within the stipulated time ( that is four years ) , the lender has all the rights to take away his/her vehicle and sell it off to recover the loan amount . You need to submit few documents such as Income statement , age proof , identity proof before getting the loan sanctioned by the Lender .
A borrower who does not have sound credit history can also apply for this loan . The loan amount depends on the market value of the car and not on the credit history of the borrower . If the loan amount is paid off on time , the bank returns the title of the vehicle and the car keys . If the borrower fails to repay the loan within four years , the lender will not further expand the payment period ; this is called the rollover period . However , during the roll-over period , the interest rate is meagre , and one can borrow an amount based on the condition of vehicle .
As a customer , before applying for the loan one needs to go through the terms and conditions to be able to take a sound decision . Some banks let customers apply online . The borrower needs to fill up the online form mentioning the required details for applying for the car title loan in Toronto . Loan Center Canada is one of the lenders where you will get the loan based on your car title .
South Carolina sophomore PJ Dozier has improved their game for their second season with the Gamecocks
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
Knocknagree 3-13
Multyfarnham 3-9
Kevin O'Brien reports from Croke Park
KNOCKNAGREE WERE CROWNED All-Ireland junior club football champions after a high-scoring victory over Westmeath 's Multyfarnham at Croke Park .
Source : Ken Sutton/INPHO
Knocknagree became the first Cork winners of this crown since 2008 champions Canovee , with a brilliant attacking display where they scored their entire 3-13 tally from play .
The victors were far smarter with their use of possession , led by gifted forwards John F. Daly – son of manager John Francis Daly – man-of-the-match Fintan O'Connor and Anthony O'Connor .
Knocknagree , based on the Cork side of the border with Kerry , have n't known glory like this before . They broke new ground last December when they defeated Declan O'Sullivan 's Dromid Pearses in the Munster final .
A small village in north Westmeath , Multyfarnham 's Westmeath JFC title win last year was their first adult title of note since they last won the competition in 1956 .
Multyfarnham 's use of Ian McGovern as a sweeper was bravely countered by Knocknagree , who pushed up corner-back Michael Mahony as a seventh forward .
Knocknagree were awarded midway through the opening half when Mahony was involved in a slick move that resulted in Fintan O'Connor finishing to the net . 40 seconds later , Mahony bagged a goal of their own after getting on the end of an incisive Eoghan McSweeney ball inside .
Source : Ken Sutton/INPHO
At the far end , Multy 's full-forward duo of Max Brady and David Wallace had plenty of space to exploit but they fluffed a goal chance at the end of the opening half to leave them 2-7 to 0-5 behind at the interval .
Content with their 10-point lead , Knocknagree reverted to six defenders but that only invited Multy 's running game onto them . Brady clipped over a free and David Wallace buried a goal to bring the Westmeath side within six .
Fintan O'Connor added a couple of points before goalkeeper Patrick Doyle scored a fortunate goal from a 45 which landed in over their opposite number Henry Reilly 's head .
Knocknagree lost full-forward Anthony O'Connor to a second yellow on 55 minutes , and to their enormous credit Multyfarnham rallied late on . Half-time substitute Mark Fallon dispatched two goals in the space of two stoppage-time minutes , but it was n't enough for their team .
Scorers for Knocknagree : Fintan O'Connor 1-3 , Michael Mahony 1-0 , Patrick Doyle 1-0 ( 1-0 45 ) , John F. Daly 0-3 , Eoghan McSweeney 0-2 , Anthony O'Connor 0-2 , Padraig Collins 0-1 , James Dennehy 0-1 , Matthew Dilworth 0-1 .
Scorers for Multyfarnham : Max Brady 0-6 ( 0-4f ) , David Wallace 1-0 , Mark Fallon 2-0 , Mark Reynolds 0-1 , Karl Daly 0-1 ( og ) , Ronan Wallace 0-1 ( 0-1 45 ) .
Knocknagree
1 . Patrick Doyle
4 . Gary O'Connor
3 . Paul O'Connor
7 . Karl Daly
6 . Kealan Buckley
17 . Danny Cooper
8 . Donagh Moynihan
9 . Padraig Collins
10 . James Dennehy
13 . Matthew Dilworth
12 . Eoghan McSweeney
2 . Michael Mahoney
11 . John F. Daly
15 . Fintan O'Connor
14 . Anthony O'Connor
Subs
18 . Sean Daly for Paul O'Connor ( 30+2 )
5 . Andrew Sheehan for Cooper ( 40 )
21 . Tadhg Long for Dennehy ( 53 )
20 . Tomas Cooper for Collins ( 59 )
26 . Jerry Carroll for Gary O'Connor ( 62 )
Multyfarnham
1 . Henry Reilly
4 . Jame Greene
3 . Paul Heavin
2 . Stephen Moran
13 . Ian McGovern
5 . Tommy McGivney
6 . Ronan Wallace
7 . Sean Rock
9 . Anthony McGivney
8 . Brian McLoughlin
12 . Ciaran Madden
11 . Daniel Loughrey
10 . Mark Reynolds
14 . Max Brady
15 . David Wallace
Subs
20 . Mark Fallon for McGinvey ( ht )
18 . Adam Loughrey for McLoughlin ( 41 )
17 . Emmett Feerick for Brady ( 53 )
19 . Ger Feerick for Madden ( 53 )
22 . Rory Boyce for Wallace ( 66 )
Referee : Barry Tierney ( Dublin )
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
Rep. Jody Hice ( R-GA ) said Friday they are “ good ” with House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ' ( R-CA ) memo being released , because Hice believes it “ exposes the FBI ” for abusing its power to come “ after a political opponent . ”
When asked on CNN whether they were comfortable with the President releasing the memo because they reportedly think the document will help discredit special counsel Robert Mueller 's probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election , Hice skirted the question multiple times and theatrically claimed Republicans and Democrats “ need to rally around this … for all of our sakes . ”
“ Most of the people at the FBI are great people , doing a wonderful job , but there are bad apples and it 's going to expose it , ” they said . “ There 's no question it makes the department look bad . It does name some bad apples . But this is a type of thing that transparency is made of . We can not tolerate this type of thing in America of all places . ”
Hice said the FBI is cautioning against the memo 's release because “ they 're shaking in their boots ” over the content of the document , which allegedly shows evidence of an anti-Trump bias within the FBI . While the FBI has expressed “ grave concerns ” over the public release of the document , the agency said in a statement Wednesday that they believe the memo includes “ material omissions of fact . ”
“ To be very honest with you , as an American citizen , I have grave concerns , ” Hice said , mimicking the FBI 's language . “ I have grave concerns about what the FBI has done , what the Department of Justice has done and the fact that this could happen to anyone is intolerable for this to go on in the United States . It needs to be transparent and the people of America need to see it . ”
The White House is expected to make a decision about the memo before the end of the week , but Trump has indicated they fully plan on making the document public .
According to reports from multiple news outlets , the memo purports to show that FBI officials abused the FISA process when seeking a warrant to surveil Trump campaign aide Carter Page .
The Holiday Millionaire Raffle ticket with the number 007856 is worth $ 10,000 after being drawn in last night 's Holiday Bonus drawing ! The lucky ticket was sold in south-central Kansas .
Last night 's drawing was the 11th in 12 Holiday Bonus drawings in which one raffle ticket has been drawn each week to win a $ 10,000 prize . The 12th and final Holiday Bonus drawing will be next Sunday , December 17 . After that – it 's on to the January 3rd Holiday Millionaire Raffle grand prize drawing with more than 4,200 cash prizes !
This year , the Lottery has loaded the final raffle drawing with more big prizes than ever before ! In addition to the $ 1,000,000 top prize , there are two $ 100,000 prizes , three $ 50,000 prizes , five $ 25,000 prizes , fifteen $ 5,000 prizes and thousands more !
Only 200,000 of the $ 20 raffle tickets are available . The raffle has been a sellout in each of the eight years it has been offered , and the Kansas Lottery is hoping for a repeat performance in the ninth year . As of this morning , more than three-quarters of the available tickets were already spoken for , with about 48,000 remaining to be sold .
During the month of December , all Holiday Millionaire Raffle tickets players submit into the Kansas Lottery PlayOn® Players Loyalty program are worth double the points ! PlayOn members can use their points to enter drawings for cash and prizes .
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $ 0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017 , compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) - State finance officials say Oklahoma 's economy is continuing to show positive signs and state treasury collections are reaching all-time highs for both the last month and year .
State Treasurer Ken Miller released figures Tuesday that show a record $ 12.8 billion in overall collections for the last year , including $ 1.1 billion in gross receipts for the month of June . Both are record highs .
The revenue collection numbers do n't include collections from new taxes on cigarettes , fuel and energy production that went into effect July 1 . Those taxes are projected to generate an additional $ 430 million annually and will help fund teacher pay raises .
Miller reports overall collections to the state treasury during the recently completed fiscal year were up by $ 1.2 billion . That 's more than 11 percent over the previous year .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
In what would mark their first regular TV gig in more than four decades , Oscar and Emmy winner Michael Douglas is eyeing a starring role in a Netflix comedy series from sitcom titan Chuck Lorre .
According to Deadline , the streamer is close to finalizing a 10-episode order for The Kominsky Method , a half-hour , single camera comedy penned by Lorre that centers on Sandy Kominsky ( Douglas ) , an actor who years ago had a brief fling with success and is now a revered Hollywood acting coach . Alan Arkin would co-star as their long-suffering agent and friend , Norman .
Douglas cut their acting teeth in the ABC crime drama The Streets of San Francisco , which ran from 1972 and 1977 and also starred Karl Malden . Since then , Douglas ' TV gigs have been few and far between . They earned an Emmy for playing Liberace in HBO 's 2013 pic Behind the Candelabra .
This is Lorre 's second project with Netflix , joining the Kathy Bates-fronted pot comedy Disjointed , which drops Aug. 25 .
OnePlus has yet to reveal when we can expect to see the OnePlus 6 flagship launch , but the company will happily drip feed us information through its official forums .
The latest snippet comes from CEO Pete Lau , who , in a letter discussing the design of the OnePlus smartphones over the years , has confirmed the 6 will get a glass back , the first time the material has been used since the OnePlus X . The majority of other OnePlus devices have either had sandstone or aluminium builds .
It wo n't be just any glass back though , Lau says OnePlus ' design team looked at 70 different glass samples before deciding on the perfect one . The final production build should be one of high quality , as OnePlus has said it will employ a five layer Nanotech Coating , instead of three .
Lau says that even though the separation between each of the five layers is incredibly subtle , the final result provides a great impression of depth that they believe OnePlus owners will love . The upcoming flagship device wo n't differ too drastically from its predecessors in terms of overall design though , as Lau has confirmed it will retain the company 's `` signature horizon line and precise curve to the back of the device '' .
Having a glass back will give the OnePlus 6 a completely new look compared to its predecessors , as light reflecting off of it will surely give dramatic results . As for colour options , they have n't been confirmed just yet , but a teaser image posted by OnePlus could indicate the next flagship killer will be a lot more colourful .
Use of statins may speed up the onset of Parkinson 's disease symptoms in people who are susceptible to the disease , according to Penn State College of Medicine researchers .
Some previous research has suggested that statins , used to treat high cholesterol , may protect against Parkinson 's disease . Research findings have been inconsistent , however , with some studies showing a lower risk , some showing no difference and some showing a higher risk of Parkinson 's disease in statin users .
`` One of the reasons that may have explained these prior inconsistent results is that higher cholesterol , the main indication to use statins , has been related to lower occurrence of Parkinson 's disease , '' said Xuemei Huang , professor of neurology . `` This made it hard to know if the statin protective effect was due to the drug or preexisting cholesterol status . ''
Another reason for the inconsistent results is that there are two types of statins . Water-soluble statins can not get into the brain , while fat-soluble statins , called lipophilic , can . Since people with high cholesterol are treated for both kinds , the interpretation of results as it relates to Parkinson 's disease is not easy .
The researchers analyzed data in a commercially-available database of insurance claims for more than 50 million people . They identified nearly 22,000 people with Parkinson 's disease , and narrowed the number to 2,322 patients with newly diagnosed Parkinson 's disease . They paired each Parkinson 's patient with a person in the database who did not have Parkinson 's -- called a control group . Researchers then determined which patients had been taking a statin and for how long before Parkinson 's disease symptoms appeared . Researchers reported their results in the journal Movement Disorders .
After analyzing the data , researchers found that prior statin use was associated with higher risk of Parkinson 's disease and was more noticeable during the start of the drug use .
`` Statin use was associated with higher , not lower , Parkinson 's disease risk , and the association was more noticeable for lipophilic statins , an observation inconsistent with the current hypothesis that these statins protect nerve cells , '' Huang said . `` In addition , this association was most robust for use of statins less than two-and-a-half years , suggesting that statins may facilitate the onset of Parkinson 's disease . ''
Guodong Liu , assistant professor of public health sciences , said , `` Our analysis also showed that a diagnosis of hyperlipidemia , a marker of high cholesterol , was associated with lower Parkinson 's disease prevalence , consistent with prior research . We made sure to account for this factor in our analysis . ''
A recent study reported that people who stopped using statins were more likely to be diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease , a finding interpreted as evidence that statins protect against Parkinson 's disease .
`` Our new data suggests a different explanation , '' Huang said . `` Use of statins may lead to new Parkinson 's disease-related symptoms , thus causing patients to stop using statins . ''
Huang stressed that more research needs to be completed and that those on statins should continue to take the medication their health care provider recommends .
`` We are not saying that statins cause Parkinson 's disease , but rather that our study suggests that statins should not be used based on the idea that they will protect against Parkinson 's , '' Huang said . `` People have individual levels of risk for heart problems or Parkinson 's disease . If your mom has Parkinson 's disease and your grandmother has Parkinson 's disease , and you do n't have a family history of heart attacks or strokes , then you might want to ask your physician more questions to understand the reasons and risks of taking statins . ''
One limitation of this study was that the MarketScan data did not include Medicare patients , Medicaid patients or the uninsured . Also , because it was a private insurance sample , the patients were all under 65 years old , so the findings can not be generalized to those who are older .
# # #
Other researchers on this study are Lan Kong and Douglas Leslie , Department of Public Health Sciences ; Nicholas Sterling , Medical Scientist Training Program student ; and Mechelle Lewis and Richard Mailman , Departments of Neurology and Pharmacology , all of Penn State College of Medicine ; and Honglei Chen , Michigan State University .
The Center for Applied Studies in Health Economics and Penn State College of Medicine funded this research .
Area fire crews are answering the call of grass fires . On Saturday crews from several agencies responded to a grass fire in Scammon . While in Newton county , Missouri Redings Mill crews battled a grass fire at 7488 Old Scenic drive . Conditions are perfect for grass fires and officials strongly urge against burning . Firefighters say it can take a small spark , even a cigarette butt to trigger a grass fire in winter .
Girard fire chief Joe Clow said , `` It 's so dry . And we do have a pretty steady wind . It 's not a real high wind but it is just so dry that it 's gon na take off . We have a lot of agricultural properties that get burned off every year at the end of winter before spring planting things . So they have a narrow window . The big thing is to keep an eye on it and to be present and watch the fire the entire time ''
Clow said if there is a fire , call for help right away instead of trying to put it out yourself .
MEXICO CITY ( Sputnik ) – Venezuela condemned new US sanctions introduced against Caracas calling them crime against humanity , the country 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement .
On Monday , US President Donald Trump signed an executive order to prevent US citizens from using Venezuela 's new digital currency . The US Department of Treasury also included four incumbent and former Venezuelan officials in the sanctions list .
“ With these actions Trump 's administration … is committing a crime against humanity that may be regarded by the International Criminal Court as a violation of the Article 7 of the Rome Statute , ” the statement said .
The Venezuelan Foreign Ministry noted that the US unilateral sanctions violated the UN Charter and principles of the international law determining civilized relations between sovereign countries .
“ They [ sanctions ] are new imperial aggression aimed at financial persecution and economic boycott as well as pushing our economy into chaos and destroying the will of our people to live in freedom , peace and hope , ” the statement added .
The US-Venezuelan relations have been remaining tense for decades with Caracas regularly accusing Washington of interfering in its internal affairs and exerting economic and political pressure on Venezuela
A senior US administration official said earlier that the United States is still considering the option of imposing sanctions on Venezuela 's oil sector but has no specific timetable for such action .
Large-scale interventions to water resources , such as irrigation , dams and reservoirs , and water withdrawals , have been essential to human development . But interventions tend to solve water scarcity problems at a local level , while aggravating water scarcity downstream .
In a new study published in the journal Nature Communications , researchers have now assessed the impacts of human interventions on water scarcity at a global scale .
`` It 's common sense that taking water out of a river will leave less for those people downstream . But it 's not so straightforward , '' says Ted Veldkamp , researcher at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam and guest researcher at IIASA , who led the study . Seasonal changes in precipitation and water storage make it difficult for modelers to estimate water availability and impacts of interventions , and the effects of climate change can be difficult to tease out from other impacts like human activities .
The new study is one of the first to provide a global accounting of regional and local water impacts , taking into account seasonal changes and different types of intervention , including water withdrawals , reservoir regulation , land-use change , and irrigation . Using an ensemble of five global hydrological models , the researchers examined the evolution of water availability , demand , and scarcity globally from 1971 to 2010 . They also highlighted the separate impact of climate change and human interventions .
This systematic approach allowed the researchers to come up with an estimate that is more realistic than previous approaches -- and which also shows greater water scarcity than previous estimates .
From 1971 to 2010 , the study found , human impacts have drastically reshuffled water scarcity hotspots , with impacts on approximately one-third of the global population . On average , approximately 20 % of the global population has experienced a significant increase in water availability due to human interventions , such as building water storage , alleviating water scarcity experienced by 8 % of the population . At the same time , another 23 % have experienced a significant decrease in water availability , for 9 % aggravating water scarcity problems .
`` The key message from this work is that people need to think about the upstream-downstream linkages : what will the impacts be of the choices they make ? You need to have a good overview of all the consequences , not just the local impacts , '' says Veldkamp .
As climate change and population place further pressure on tight water resources , the researchers found that policymakers and water managers need to take a regional and global perspective on local decisions . This is especially important for transboundary river basins , where policy development in one country may have consequences on different countries downstream .
`` The complexity of water resource issues requires a better understanding of the interactions between socioeconomic development , climate change , and hydrology . This study provides an important step forward in this area , '' says IIASA Water Program Deputy Director Yoshihide Wada , a study coauthor .
# # #
Reference
Veldkamp TIE , Wada Y , Aerts JCJH , Doell P , Gosling SN , Liu J , Masaki Y , Oki T , Ostberg S , Pokhrel Y , Satoh Y , Kim H , Ward PJ . Water scarcity hotspots travel downstream due to human interventions in the 20th and 21st century . Nature Communications . doi:10.1038/ncomms15697
From Texas Standard :
Harvard College is facing a major discrimination suit , alleging that its system of considering race as a factor in making admission decisions has systematically excluded some Asian-American applicants in order to hold slots open for students of other races . In 2016 , the Supreme Court sided with the University of Texas when a white woman claimed they were denied admission on the basis of race . That case , Fisher v. The University of Texas at Austin , reaffirmed that race * could be used as one factor among many in college admissions . '' In recent years , that 's been the official position of the U.S. Department of Education and the Justice Department .
But that 's about to change .
The Trump administration has revoked Obama-era guidelines that supported the use of race as a factor in college admission . The guidelines were just that , and compliance was not mandatory .
Michael Olivas is the William B. Bates Distinguished Chair in Law at the University of Houston Law Center , and director of the Institute for Higher Education Law and Governance . They are the author of `` Suing Alma Mater : Higher Education and the Courts . '' They say the administration 's latest action fits a pattern .
`` What it does is continue the Trump administration 's policy of 'anything that 's Obama-related has just got to be bad , ' '' Olivas says . `` There is nothing material that has occurred , including this much-touted case at Harvard , that makes any difference in the political stance . ''
Olivas says the Obama guidance on race-based admissions was carefully arrived-at , and nuanced . They point out that the current Harvard case has n't been decided – it 's currently in the discovery stage .
The University of Texas said after the Trump administration 's action , that it would not be changing its current admissions ' policies .
Olivas says they doubt that other colleges will change current admission policies in response to the administration 's guidance rollback , because college enrollments are down , and institutions need to attract as many students as they can .
`` I think that the issue of affirmative action is well-established , – it has been since 1977 – and there 's nothing that has occurred that makes any difference right now , '' they say .
Written by Shelly Brisbin .
Smith County Officials have released new videos showing the arrest of a man who allegedly stole an 18-wheeler .
The two videos show officials in pursuit of the 18-wheeler . A man is seen laying on the ground and later handcuffed by police .
According to the Smith County Sherriff 's Office , Saturday afternoon they received a call of a stolen 18-wheeler from a tire business off of North Northwest Loop 323 .
As Smith County Sheriff 's Deputies were responding to the location , a citizen called and advised they were behind the stolen vehicle .
Smith County Sheriff 's deputies were able to overtake the stolen 18-wheeler near Toll 49 and State Highway 155 . A felony vehicle stop was conducted on the vehicle by two Smith County Sheriff 's Office units .
Officials said a 38-year-old male subject was taken into custody and booked into the Smith County Jail . They will be charged with stealing the 18-wheeler .
The man has not been identified by officials .
Related : Man arrested after allegedly stealing 18-wheeler in Smith County
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
ZURICH Departing LafargeHolcim Chief Executive Eric Olsen said tensions at the company preceded their exit from the world 's largest cement maker , with their decision unconnected to the inquiry that revealed the company paid armed groups in war-torn Syria .
Olsen , who is due to leave on the second anniversary of the merger that created the company on July 15 , was cleared of involvement in the affair in the report published last week .
They said it was true `` some tensions '' came up over the last period , and they thought it was in the best interests of everyone for them to move on .
`` It is exactly two years after our start date and I am going to be leaving a group in great shape with clear targets in place , '' Olsen told reporters .
( Reporting by John Revill ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
× Sherman says they want to retire a Seahawk , calls reports of dissension ‘ a joke '
SEATTLE – Richard Sherman worked Wednesday to downplay much of the controversy that has surrounded them this offseason , telling reporters at a VMAC press conference that he 's happy with their teammates and coaches and never expected to be traded .
Speaking after the first day of the Seattle Seahawks ' minicamp , Sherman said they hope to play out the rest of their career in a Seahawks ' uniform .
“ I would definitely like to retire a Seahawk and finish my career here , ” Sherman said . “ We started something special , and I think it 'd be best to end something special here .
“ This is a great city . It 's the city I 'd like to raise my kids in . ”
After a season in which they twice got into heated exchanges with coaches on the sidelines , the offseason has been spotted with stories that the team was trying to trade Sherman , and that a rift had developed between Sherman and the coaches and offense , in particular quarterback Russell Wilson .
Sherman dismissed the talk of dissension in the locker room , claiming ESPN reporter Seth Wickersham blew normal competitive tension out of proportion .
“ These are jokes , ” Sherman said . “ We laugh about this in the locker room , because it 's a complete joke . ”
Sherman in particular took offense at a Bleacher report claim , which Wickersham referenced , that some Seahawks players did n't think Wilson was “ black enough . ”
“ If you asked any of us , ‘ do you think Russell 's black enough ? ' Of course not , ” Sherman said . “ Nobody ever even thought that .
“ It 's hard enough being a black man in America . To question if somebody 's black enough ? You know ? It 's just laughable . ”
Sherman also denied reports that he 'd asked for a trade , and downplayed comments from coach Pete Carroll and general manager John Schneider that the Seahawks were actively shopping them on the trade market .
“ If somebody comes with two first rounders , I would n't blame them in the least , you know , I would n't blame them at all , ” Sherman said . “ It 'd be another crazy trade like – who was it that got traded like that ? Hershel Walker or somebody like that ? – but it 's just a conversation .
“ I think we have a fantastic relationship , and we always have . “
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
What would it be like to go about your life without ever seeing colours such as green or purple , and then one day seeing the world in all its colourful glory ?
Most people with colour blindness can only hope for such a moment to come , but for Noll Stafford from Florida it actually happened at their 66th birthday party .
Stafford 's kids all pitched in to get them a pair of fancy sunglasses that correct colour blindness , and the family captured a video of them trying the sunnies on for the first time .
It was quite an emotional ride , as you can see in the video below :
It 's hard to tell whether Stafford was startled by the vibrancy the glasses add to your vision ( more on that later ) , or if they were overcome with emotion , but either way it was a pretty special moment for the whole family .
According to ABC News , Noll Stafford is actually a landscaper ; seeing colourful flowers and plants for the first time must have been incredible for him .
But what 's even cooler here is that Stafford is far from alone in having this amazing experience . The glasses they got for their birthday are made by a company called Enchroma , and they actively encourage users to capture their first colour experiences and share the videos on social media .
It 's turned out to be a genius marketing strategy . These days a new Enchroma video pops up on YouTube every few weeks , and many of them are pretty emotional , just like the one with the Stafford family .
Back in 2015 Enchroma even made a compilation of some of their favourite reactions . We dare you to watch it without getting just a little bit teary-eyed :
By now you 're probably wondering how Enchroma glasses work . But first we need to step back a little and look at what colour blindness actually is .
The term 'colour blindness ' is not entirely accurate , because it gives the impression that for colourblind people the world looks black-and-white . ( It 's possible , though : the condition is called achromatopsia , and it 's extremely rare . )
The typical human eye has three types of colour-sensitive cells : blue , red , and green-sensing cones . These three types of cones work together to give us the rich colour vision most of us enjoy .
But in some people , the cones work out of alignment and detect overlapping light spectrums , diminishing the number of hues the eye can distinguish .
Depending on the specifics of the overlap , a person can have either red-green , or blue-yellow colour blindness , although the latter is uncommon .
You can see a comparison of these deficiencies in this helpful illustration below , although keep in mind the severity of the deficit varies greatly between individuals :
Flickr/Johannes Ahlmann/CC BY 2.0
As you can see , for people with red-green deficiency certain colours just look completely different , usually taking on a muddy , brownish hue . Purple can be indistinguishable from blue , and pink may not exist at all .
Now , back to Enchroma , which specifically help with red-green deficiency . The glasses were originally invented as protective eyewear for doctors who work with laser surgery , but it quickly turned out the technology had a use outside the operating room , too .
Scientists used computer models that could simulate red-green colour blindness to design the patent-pending filters found in Enchroma lenses . These filters remove very precise wavelengths of the visible spectrum , which causes the colour signals to be amplified .
As a result , the brain of a colourblind person with these glasses can better separate the overlapping signals from red and green cones . And if you can perceive those wavelengths separately , the complexity of colour vision suddenly comes to life .
People who put the glasses on for the first time often comment how everything suddenly looks brighter .
Enchroma
Incidentally , for a person with regular colour vision the Enchroma filters make many colours along the red-green spectrum look extremely vivid .
The developers of the glasses emphasise that this is not a colour blindness cure we 're talking about here , but rather an 'assistive optical device ' .
As explained above , the technology does n't work on blue-yellow colour blindness , and people have different results based on their specific deficiency .
Still , for those who can afford the rather hefty price tag ( the glasses start at US $ 349 for adults and US $ 269 for kids ) , it can be a life-altering experience . Sometimes you ca n't help but admire what science can do to make lives better .
A helicopter trip to a hospital may not be the only shock a patient faces after a bad accident . The next one could hit when the bill arrives .
Scroll for more content ...
Rides in so-called air ambulances can lead to bills of more than $ 20,000 depending on a person 's coverage , and insurance experts say big invoices are becoming more common as costs rise and coverage shifts .
Air ambulances transport around 400,000 people each year in the U.S. , according to industry estimates . Most trips are from one hospital to another . But they also play a vital role in getting seriously injured or ill people fast help during what doctors call “ the golden hour ” — the initial window after an accident when a patient 's chances for recovery are better . Here 's a deeper look at the issue :
A SPIRALING EXPENSE
Median prices for helicopter air ambulance services doubled from around $ 15,000 to about $ 30,000 from 2010 to 2014 , according to a U.S. Government Accountability Office report last year .
Patients with private insurance can get stuck with most of that bill if the helicopter that picks them up is not in their coverage network . In those cases , the air ambulance company can bill the patient for the leftover balance after the insurer pays part of it . The GAO report said it was unclear how often patients are billed like this .
The main reason patient costs are rising is because the expense of running air ambulances has more than doubled in the past decade , but reimbursement from the government-funded Medicare program has n't changed , said Blair Beggan , a spokesperson with the trade group Association of Air Medical Services . They added that Medicare reimburses about 58 cents for every dollar air ambulance companies spend transporting patients , and some commercial insurers have been reducing their reimbursement to bring it closer Medicare rates .
That , Beggan said , can force air ambulance companies to leave insurer networks .
The GAO report noted that air ambulance providers do n't face the type of competition that could restrain costs . Patients have little control over the decision to call for an air transport and ca n't avoid companies that may be too expensive and outside their insurance network .
SOME PREVENTIVE MEASURES
There are limited safeguards for avoiding a big bill .
Some air ambulance companies will sell memberships that cost less than $ 100 a year . Those will take care of flight expenses , but they often apply to only one company . A patient still might wind up stuck with a big bill if a competing company responds to the call .
Some insurers will offer riders to employer-sponsored health coverage that allow workers to pay a few extra bucks a month in order to have any air ambulance flight covered as though it were in their network .
HANDLING THE BIG BILL
Do n't panic if a five-figure invoice arrives in your mailbox from an air ambulance company . There may be a way to resolve it , or at least knock down the amount .
Start by contacting your insurer to make sure the claim has been processed correctly . Some air ambulance companies provide patient advocates who do this .
An insurance broker also may be able to double-check the claim 's accuracy or check for any potential discounts .
An air ambulance company will sometimes knock 10 percent off the bill without asking the customer to prove that it would be a financial hardship , said Marietta , Ohio , broker Kristen First . Even deeper reductions may be available for patients who produce tax filings , check stubs or other items showing how much of a strain the bill would impose .
First said their agency had a customer do that , and the air ambulance provider chopped a bill of about $ 25,000 down to $ 3,500 .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SUSSEX , Va. – The discovery by a hunter of Kenneth Moore 's body , wrapped in trash bags and left in a shallow ditch , left family and community reeling . Two suspects were recently arrested , more than two weeks after their murder .
Their body was found Jan. 12 , along Route 35 , also known as Jerusalem Plank Road . Sussex County Sheriff Earnest Giles said Moore 's body had one trash bag around the head , two around the torso and that the legs were partially covered
`` He had a backpack , their notebook , computer and they had a nice phone , wallet , credit cards , '' mom Patti Bass said . `` Why did they have to kill them like that ? ''
Moore , a 36-year-old from Franklin was enrolled in grad school at University of Mary Washington .
Evidence examined at the state lab will be crucial in the Moore murder case , but court documents suggest there was an eyewitness to the disturbing killing .
Sussex Deputies announced Friday the arrests of Erik Obando , Christopher Crowder and a juvenile in connection to Moore 's murder .
`` We had an enormous amount of phone calls that came into the sheriff 's office , ” said Sheriff Ernes Giles Sr. “ We credit the community in solving this . ''
Moore was hitch hiking to Richmond when deputies believe they were randomly attacked .
The original crime happened in Prince George County and their body dropped in the ditch , Crime Insider sources told Reporter Jon Burkett . Moore was cut across their throat with a pocket knife , those sources said .
`` It 's been a long time since we have seen a murder as such , ” Sheriff Giles said .
The sheriff 's office believes it was a random crime gone bad .
Deputies said there 's nothing to suggest Moore knew any of their attackers . Crowder is from Dinwiddie , and Obando is from Richmond though they are in the United States illegally , from Guatemala , according to Sheriff Giles . Obando is also on an ICE detainer along with no bond , Crime Insider sources said .
Law enforcement said at this they do not believe there is any connection to MS13 gang activity .
`` I love my son and I want them to be at peace , '' Bass said , hoping soon for closure and justice .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — No further details have been released so far on the suspects , according to the Turkish Daily Sabah newspaper .
© REUTERS/ Osman Orsal Turkish Police Believe Citizen of Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan is Behind Istanbul Nightclub Attack - Reports
Between December 26 and January 2 , police detained 147 people suspected of links to Daesh terrorist group , with 25 of them put under formal arrest , according to other Turkish media outlets , which cited the country 's Interior Ministry .
At least 39 people were killed , including more than 20 foreigners , and 65 injured as a result of the attack on Istanbul 's Reina nightclub . The attacker is said to have opened fire from a Kalashnikov assault rifle . The manhunt is underway .
Earlier in the day , Turkish media reported that Turkish police had questioned several detained militants of Daesh , and had come to a conclusion that the attacker could be either an Uzbek or a Kyrgyz national .
Daesh has claimed responsibility for the attack .
April 24 ( UPI ) -- Republican Debbie Lesko defeated Democrat Hiral Tipirneni in a special election for an open congressional seat in Arizona Tuesday night .
The win was n't unexpected due to the district being heavily Republican , but Lesko was leading Tipirneni by only six points in early voting tallies -- a sharp decrease than the 21 points President Donald Trump won the district by in 2016 . And the slim margin has some Republicans worried that the result is a continuation of Democrats overperforming and sometimes winning special congressional elections this year in what are supposed to be Republican strongholds .
Mike Noble , a GOP pollster based in Arizona , told Politico that Republicans should be `` slamming '' the alarm .
`` This district is n't supposed to be competitive , and so to see this margin , especially with the Republicans pouring in resources here -- again , it 's a tough year , '' they said .
In what was supposed to be an easy win for Republicans in the Phoenix-area district , Lesko -- a former state senator well-known to voters -- received a great deal of help from the national party , including $ 1 million in outside funding and fundraisers held by Rep. Kevin McCarthy , R-Calif. , the majority leader .
Trump also recorded robocall for Lesko and urged Arizona voters to go to the polls in a tweet on Tuesday .
`` Strong on Border , Immigration and Crime . Great on the Military . Time is ticking down -- get out and VOTE today . We need Debbie in Congress ! , '' Trump said .
Meanwhile , the national Democratic party was not involved in the race , The New York Times reported .
John Degnan , '18 , will soon perform in their fourth musical with the SJU Theater Company ( Photo by Rose Weldon , '19 ) .
Multitalented junior talks “ Tommy , ” a cappella , and dancing in the back row
Rock n ' roll was a staple and pastime in John Degnan 's , '18 , life . Their dad played alternative rock around the house , the first stadium concert they attended was a tour by the British band Genesis , and their favorite artist is genre-bending pianist Ben Folds . Taking all of this into account , it fits that they would be the one to play the leading role in one of the most acclaimed rock operas of the 20th century , “ The Who 's Tommy . ”
Degnan , an economics major , is a singer , actor , and musician originally from Bucks County , Pa . Since their first-year student year , they have been a constant presence in two performance ensembles : SJU Theater Company , the in-house drama and musical theater organization , and 54th and City , the all-male a cappella group on campus . While their studies lean toward a career in finance , there 's no denying that music has been a large part of their life from an early age .
“ The first time I sang formally was in church choir in fourth grade , ” Degnan said . “ My parents always encouraged me to perform , so I had piano lessons as a kid and played in bands . Throughout all middle school , it was just something that I enjoyed doing. ” Additionally , Degnan was active in athletics , playing baseball throughout middle school . High school proved to be a different matter , as Degnan found that they had to choose between baseball and theater .
“ Music was taking over my life , so I did “ Guys and Dolls ” in my sophomore year , and I played Nicely-Nicely Johnson , ” Degnan said .
From that point , they continued performing , taking on the role of the Phantom of the Opera in their junior year and the Pirate King as a senior . That same year , they auditioned for the SJU Theater Company and was accepted on scholarship .
Degnan 's first musical at St. Joe 's was “ West Side Story ” their first-year student year , and from the first rehearsal it was clear to them that they were going to be challenged .
“ In my productions in high school , I did n't do much dancing , ” Degnan said . “ There was n't much to choreograph . But the very first rehearsal for ‘ West Side Story ' was a dance rehearsal for maybe three hours . ”
They were put in the back rows of the ensemble for most of the dances , but did go on to land bigger roles as Giuseppe Zangara in “ Assassins , ” Rapunzel 's Prince in “ Into the Woods , ” and Enoch Snow in “ Carousel. ” Currently , they are in rehearsals to play the titular “ deaf , dumb , and blind kid ” in “ Tommy , ” set to premiere on Feb. 26 .
Amanda Strydio , '19 , appeared with Degnan in “ Into the Woods ” and “ Carousel , ” and is playing the Acid Queen alongside them in “ Tommy . ”
“ When I first met John , I thought they were very introverted and studious . He 's not crazy and screaming , like the rest of [ the cast ] , ” Strydio said . “ But they were incredibly nice and welcoming , and we got closer working together on ‘ Carousel . ' ”
In addition to their theater work , Degnan is in their third year as a member of the a cappella group 54th and City . Degnan not only sings , but also arranges vocal pieces for the group . One of the first pieces they arranged was One Direction 's “ Story of My Life , ” where lead vocals were performed by fellow member Andy Powers , '18 .
“ He brought to the table an arrangement of professional quality , ” Powers said . “ No one was expecting this from him , too . Everyone was sort of taken aback by their ability . ”
They added that Degnan “ makes practices more bearable , ” and that those in the group greatly respect him . '
“ Not because they demand it , ” Powers said , “ but because they have earned it with hard work and dedication to us . ”
That spirit of professionalism is something that Degnan has always stressed in their performing career , as well as their life in general . “ Even if you 're not the greatest singer or actor , but you 're on time and you want to be there , you 're going to get your props when they 're due , ” Degnan said . It 's what people notice , not just what you do , but how committed you are to doing it . ”
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world , but it is even easier to make than you think .
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here , Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages . Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit 's finest .
© AFP 2017/ Delil Souleiman Female Kurdish Commander Sheds Light on New Phase of Raqqa Operation
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — According to the Firat news agency , the heavy weaponry attack took place at 5 a.m. local time ( 02:00 GMT ) on Tuesday while sporadic clashes in the area are ongoing .
In November 2016 , the SDF , which predominately consists of Kurdish fighters but also includes members of the Syrian Arab Coalition , launched an operation called the Wrath of the Euphrates to seize control over Syria 's Raqqa , the de facto Daesh capital . Al-Tabqa is located some 27 miles to the east of Raqqa .
Broke and hungry , suspected Ottawa terrorist Tevis Gonyou-McLean is accused of stealing groceries in Westboro .
Gonyou-McLean , 25 , was charged with theft and breaching their terrorism peace bond after allegedly pinching a gaggle of food items on May 30 . He 's accused of stealing cheese , yogurt , chicken , sushi , ice cream , chips and Pepsi from a grocery store .
This is the latest in a series of breaches by Gonyou-McLean , who has run afoul of release conditions multiple times since their original arrest in August of 2016 .
At that time , they were nabbed by the RCMP on fears that they would engage in terrorism . Ultimately , they were charged with uttering threats but was not charged with any terrorism offences . They were eventually granted bail and released on a terrorism peace bond with strict conditions , including requiring them to wear a GPS ankle bracelet .
The threat Gonyou-McLean allegedly made was that they would avenge the 2016 death of ISIL supporter Aaron Driver , who was killed in a confrontation with police in Strathroy , Ont .
But federal prosecutors dropped the uttering-threats case against Gonyou-McLean and formally stayed the charge in January . The RCMP 's terrorism case was anchored in secretly recorded conversations that Gonyou-McLean had with their mom , who reported to the Mounties that their son was going to exact revenge . But while their mother gave the RCMP the recorded conversations , the alleged threat was not actually captured on tape .
Since Gonyou-McLean was released on bail , their conditions have proved , at times , unbearable — leading to trouble with the law . One time , they smashed their ankle bracelet and another time , in November , they slipped out of the GPS device and was arrested hours later .
Off and on , since their original arrest , he 's spent 70 days in jail for breaching conditions . And their time in jail has not been without incident . While at the Ottawa-Carleton Detention Centre , they were housed with a 350-pound inmate who beat them up after their cherry-flavoured Twizzler Nibs went missing . Gonyou-McLean denied stealing the candy .
Following the recent theft charge , Gonyou-McLean is out on bail again and not jailed at the OCDC . The conditions of their latest bail release have been amended to give them a later curfew to accommodate Ramadan prayer schedules .
Other conditions remain the same , including forbidding them from communicating with convicted Ottawa terror twins Ashton and Carlos Larmond . Gonyou-McLean says they went to Rideau High School with them but has n't seen them since . Their conditions also say they ca n't access or view materials from any listed terrorist group , and must not possess any objects with an Islamic State logo .
Gonyou-McLean , who is a Muslim convert , has told the Citizen he 's being persecuted for simply exploring Islam .
gdimmock @ postmedia.com
www.twitter.com/crimegarden
“ Apple has revealed that it 's working on self-driving car technology , but to succeed in the sector it might have to build its own car , Morgan Stanley said in a report Wednesday , ” Patrick Seitz reports for Investor 's Business Daily .
“ ‘ From the Apple perspective , core self-driving software is likely the first step in its autonomous pursuits , and we believe Apple will eventually move beyond just software into designing a full car and/or launching a platform for third-party services and content over time , ” Morgan Stanley analysts Katy Huberty and Adam Jonas said in a report , ' Seitz reports . “ They noted that Apple is most successful when it controls the entire experience of a product , making the hardware , software and supporting services . ”
Seitz reports , “ Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook told Bloomberg in an interview published Tuesday that Apple is developing autonomous-driving technology , but they declined to say whether the company will make its own car or just produce technology for automakers . ”
Read more in the full article here .
SAN DIEGO – A San Diego activist has not been seen since they posted a video on Facebook asking people for help while in Mexico , authorities said Monday .
Hugo Castro posted the Facebook video on April 13 . Watch it :
Posted by admin on February 15 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Diabetes is known to increase a person 's risk of kidney disease . Now , a new study from Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis suggests that the converse also is true : Kidney dysfunction increases the risk of diabetes .
Further , the researchers deduced that a likely culprit of the two-way relationship between kidney disease and diabetes is urea . The nitrogen-containing waste product in blood comes from the breakdown of protein in foods . Kidneys normally remove urea from the blood , but it can build up when kidney function slows down .
The findings are significant because urea levels can be lowered through medication , diet -- for example , by eating less protein -- and other means , thereby allowing for improved treatment and possible prevention of diabetes .
The epidemiological study , conducted in collaboration with the Veterans Affairs St. Louis Health Care System , is published Dec. 11 in Kidney International .
`` We have known for a long time that diabetes is a major risk factor for kidney disease , but now we have a better understanding that kidney disease , through elevated levels of urea , also raises the risk of diabetes , '' said the study 's senior author Ziyad Al-Aly , MD , an assistant professor of medicine at Washington University . `` When urea builds up in the blood because of kidney dysfunction , increased insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion often result . ''
In collaboration with scientists at the St. Louis Veterans Affairs ' Clinical Epidemiology Center , Washington University researchers examined medical records in national VA databases to dissect the relationship between kidney disease and diabetes . They evaluated the records of 1.3 million adults without diabetes over a five-year period , beginning in 2003 .
A common blood test that measures the amount of urea nitrogen found in the blood showed that 117,000 of those without diabetes -- or 9 percent -- had elevated urea levels , signaling poor kidney function .
`` That figure -- 9 percent of people with high urea levels -- remained relatively constant over time , '' Al-Aly said . `` It is also reflective of the general population . ''
Overall , they said , those with high urea levels had a 23 percent higher risk of diabetes -- a figure researchers determined by comparing risk between those with high and low urea levels . In each year studied , the researchers documented new cases of diabetes in 2,989 of every 100,000 people with low urea levels and 3,677 new cases of diabetes among those with high urea levels .
`` The risk difference between high and low levels is 688 cases of diabetes per 100,000 people each year , '' Al-Aly said . `` This means that for every 100,000 people , there would be 688 more cases of diabetes each year in those with higher urea levels . ''
Al-Aly said they were inspired to delve into the relationship between diabetes and kidney disease after reading a mouse study published in the August 2016 Journal of Clinical Investigation . As part of the study , researchers from the University of Montreal Hospital Research Centre in Canada induced kidney failure in mice . Subsequently , many of the animals experienced elevated urea levels , resulting in insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion .
`` I read the study with excitement and intrigue , and I thought , 'We have to test this in humans , ' `` Al-Aly recalled . `` Our results were almost an exact replica of the mouse study . The results showed a clear relationship between urea levels and risk of diabetes . ''
# # #
AUSTRALIA has claimed the opening T20 tri-series match in style .
Set up by some destructive bowling from paceman Billy Stanlake ( 3/15 ) and AJ Tye ( 4/23 ) , Australia chased down the rain-reduced total of 95 with ease .
After openers David Warner and D'Arcy Short fell cheaply , Chris Lynn ( 44 ) and Glenn Maxwell ( 40 * ) came together to finish the job .
T20 CLASH : SHORT SET TO MAKE DEBUT AGAINST NZ
SKIPPER : WARNER LEADERSHIP UNDER MICROSCOPE
Lynn with eight runs left to get but Maxwell was n't wasting any time , hitting back-to-back boundaries in the next over to claim a seven-wicket win .
Black Caps all-rounder Colin de Grandhomme ( 37 ) was the only Kiwi batsman to put up an resistance as New Zealand made 117 from its 20 overs .
If you 're thinking of buying a feature-packed DSLR then chances are you 'll be looking at a £1,000 piece of kit . Canon is looking to change that with the introduction of the EOS 77D and 800D cameras .
If you 're familiar with the Canon DSLR line-up you 'll know the company 's impressive 80D rules the mid-level market . Great as it is , it 's not exactly budget and accessible for all .
The 77D takes the core format of the 80D , strips away the weather-sealing and some of the price for a more accessible take , at £829 body-only . The 800D cuts away another £50 , removes the top panel LCD display and some physical controls , priced £779 body-only .
It means Canon 's range is going to be filling pretty much every space on camera-sellers ' shelves . It could be seen as risky and confusing , given the sheer volume - 750D , 760D , 800D , 77D , 80D - but , with some thought , the right camera matched to the right user could be a savvy move for the Japanese company .
At their core both the 77D and 800D have the same 45-point autofocus system as the 80D . It 's a Dual Pixel AF setup , meaning phase-detection pixels on the sensor itself , for fast focusing whether using the viewfinder or the screen for live preview shooting .
Both cameras also offer a brand new 24.2-megapixel APS-C-sized CMOS sensor with latest Digic 7 processor . It 's the same resolution as some earlier Canon cameras , but is the latest iteration of sensor technology .
As the lower-end model the 800D has photographers who are still learning it its sights . The Guided UI interface visually shows on screen what each of the shooting modes does . The UI is available in the 77D too , but you 'll have to switch it on .
The Canon EOS 77D will be available from April 2017 , priced £829 body-only ; the Canon EOS 800D will be available from the same time-frame , priced £779 body-only .
“ The Internet Archive is an indispensable resource for web users , backing up websites and documents and providing copies of historical software , such as the earliest home console and arcade games , ” Andrew Liptak reports for The Verge . “ Now , there 's a new collection that should delight anyone who grew up in the 1980s : an entire cache of Macintosh programs that you can play right in your browser . ”
“ Earlier today , the site released a new software library : emulated programs from Macintosh computers dating from 1984 through 1989 , ” Liptak reports . “ The best part is that you can emulate the programs right in your browser . ”
Liptak writes , “ It 's a great way to remember computers from long ago , or to get a feel for what the user experience was like if you were n't around for them . ”
Read more in the full article here .
× Cave expert : Thai rescue is one of the toughest I 've seen
( CNN ) — Getting trapped people out of a flooded cave can be one of the easiest — or one of the most challenging — types of cave rescue . It is one that an international team is facing with the discovery of a group of 12 boys and their soccer coach — missing for nine days — alive , and basically well , in a cave in Thailand . They had gone into the cave after soccer practice and rising flood waters prevented them from leaving .
How to get them out ?
I 've been an active caver and cave rescuer for more than 30 years , having studied both extensively . I chair the board of regional coordinators ( there are 10 regions in the United States ) of the National Cave Rescue Commission , which has been developing and teaching cave rescue techniques since 1978 .
This rescue in Thailand is one of the toughest I 've seen .
But there are some essential guideposts in even a rescue of this colossal difficulty .
To begin , the basic tenet of cave flooding rescue is this : WAIT . Either the people are alive and safe somewhere inside , in which case taking risks only serves to place rescuers in danger , or they have already perished , in which case there is zero reason to place rescuers in danger .
A few things to understand about caves : Most are formed by water , and are dissolved out of ( usually ) limestone rock over millennia . There are a few exceptions , such as ice and lava tube caves , but even in these , water can run through them .
Not all caves continue to flood , but some still serve as natural “ storm drains. ” In most caves in the United States , and many places around the world , a cave that has some water in it can flood further . This is usually in response to rain , and the water will drain fairly quickly . Only a few caving areas , such as in southeast Asia area , have continuous , monsoon-style rains that can cause a cave to remain flooded for several months .
Among organized cavers , caves that can easily flood , or stay flooded for long periods of time , are avoided if rain is a possibility . Often the general public is not allowed in such caves , but as with this cave , there are exceptions .
Usually when rain traps people in a cave , once the rain event subsides , a few hours to a few days later , the water lowers and rescuers can go in , or the trapped people come out on their own .
Meanwhile , on the surface , there are a few things that can be done to determine whether there is anyone trapped inside and how they might be faring .
Rescuers can monitor the water for depth and temperature , for debris , or for evidence of the trapped people . And the same with weather , which is predictable now to a high degree of accuracy . Efforts can be made to lower water levels through diversion or removing obstructions , or by pumping . Responders can search for other entrances , or can attempt to make new ones . In a few situations , cave divers may be used to make contact or ferry supplies . Mostly , though , it 's a waiting game .
And this is very hard for rescuers who are used to doing , not waiting . There can be enormous pressure from family , from officials , and from the media to take action . This pressure can cause rescuers to take ill-considered risks . In most flooding situations , though , the water subsides soon and the question is answered : are they alive or are they not ?
In the Thailand case , though , the waiting may well not be enough . The soccer team was found alive 1.2 miles into the Tham Luang Nang Non cave , and the water may not go down for months . Nine days had passed before the first contact was made , something that is highly unusual in cave flooding situations . Also unusual is the cave temperature , in the mid-70s — higher than most caves in the world , as caves tend to be the average temperature of the area they are in .
In much of the United States and Europe , cave temperatures are between the mid 30s and mid 60s . This means hypothermia : something that would likely have killed people who were unprepared and who were trapped for that length of time . From that standpoint , the trapped Thais are very fortunate .
What is not fortunate is nine days with no food . In a twist of irony , the soccer players and their coach have plenty of water , though if the water had made them sick before Navy Seal rescuers ( including a doctor and a nurse ) reached them , as they now have , it could have hastened their deaths .
With water , humans can survive for 3-4 weeks without food . After nine days , though , they are weak . Their gastrointestinal system begins to shut down . Their metabolic processes have changed . A full meal right now could kill them . Rescuers are reportedly reintroducing food gradually and carefully . It could take weeks to rebuild the boys ' strength ; right now they can barely stand , let alone do the rigorous activity likely required to get out .
As to that , there are three primary options .
The most dangerous is trying to teach them enough diving skills to dive them out . It 's physically strenuous : in water , through blackout conditions , through tight squeezes for hundreds of meters . It 's something that skilled cave divers spend hundreds of hours training for after they have already been open water divers for quite some time . A moment of panic or loss of the breathing regulator can be fatal for the novice diver , and may also put the cave diver escorting them in danger .
Drill an entrance ? This requires heavy equipment that has to be brought to the site where a full-sized road has been made , and requires highly detailed mapping or specialized radiolocation from inside the cave . Even then , it 's like hitting that needle in the haystack . Find a new entrance to the cave ? They have been looking for 10 days now , and the odds go down with each passing day .
Wait for the water to go down ? It 's monsoon season . Even with pumping , it could be weeks — even if the weather cooperates . Longer if it does not .
Finding this group at all certainly gives hope . And if where they are in the cave is safe from further flooding and the divers can supply them with food and care , they can live in the cave as long as necessary . If they can not be safe from further flooding , then the only option may be the first and riskiest : diving them out .
Meanwhile , the world watches and judges . The rescuers are in a tough spot . Unless all people are safely out eventually , the rescuers will be blamed by the “ you should have ” and by the self-doubt of “ what if we 'd only… ”
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
VIENNA ( Sputnik ) — Russia experienced over 70 million cyberattacks in 2016 , which is almost three times more than a year before , Deputy Secretary of the Russian Security Council Oleg Khramov said Wednesday .
`` Russia 's information resources experienced more than 70 million cyberattacks in 2016 . Their number has almost tripled compared to 2015 , '' Khramov said at the Cybersecurity for Critical Infrastructure : Strengthening Confidence Building in the OSCE conference .
According to Khramov , over 60 percent of the attacks were carried out from abroad .
The deputy secretary said that Russia put a stop to the activities of 1,130 sources of such attacks at home and 500 abroad .
In December 2016 , Russia 's Federal Security Service said that foreign special services were preparing mass cyberattacks aiming to destabilize Russia 's financial system . Russia 's largest retail bank Sberbank said it registered and countered several attacks . Data provider Rostelekom said it also countered a number of attacks on banks and financial organizations .
In January , Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that foreign intelligence could be behind the cyberattacks on Russian banks and government websites .
Highly touted high school quarterback Justin Fields plans to attend Georgia next year .
Fields is from Harrison High School in Kennesaw , Georgia . They announced at a pep rally at the school Friday their nonbinding verbal commitment to the Bulldogs . According to 247Sports ' composite rankings of the major recruiting analysts , Fields is the No . 1 overall player in the country .
Fields verbally committed to Penn State late last year , but backed off that in the spring . They had taken official visits to Alabama and LSU .
Fields adds more intrigue to No . 5 Georgia 's quarterback situation . Five-star recruit Jacob Eason started last season as a first-year student , but first-year student Jake Fromm took over when Eason got hurt in this season and has played well . All three could be on the roster by spring .
Municipal councillors should butt out of road-making decisions and stick to the duties assigned to them by law , Interior Minister Sokratis Hasikos said on Wednesday .
Speaking on state radio , Hasikos had been protesting the Strovolos municipal council 's Tuesday decision to reject the government 's plan to turn Tseriou avenue into a three- or four-lane road with a cement median strip separating opposing lanes of traffic .
The council also announced setting up a committee to improve on the plan .
The government 's plan is also heavily opposed by Tseriou 's shopkeepers , who fear clients will have a hard time stopping to shop .
But even more than the council 's decision , Hasikos was incensed by a statement from opposition party Diko , which accused them of ignoring the will of those directly affected and noted that half of Strovolos councillors from the minister 's party – Disy – voted in favour of the decisions , while the rest abstained .
“ The interior minister wo n't even discuss the proposals of the organised residents and shopkeepers of Tseriou avenue , and those of political groups in the municipal council , stubbornly insisting on their own proposal , ” the party said .
Responding to Diko , Hasikos issued a statement of their own , transcribing their remarks from the morning radio show .
“ Do you believe this is an issue that can accommodate compromises ? ” Hasikos had said .
“ Do you believe municipal councillors are in a position to design safe roads , ignoring the experts –the police and transport experts ? I am tired of wasting the government 's and the public 's time over five shop-owners . Municipal councillors would do well to concern themselves with the issues the law allows and confers upon them , and stop designing roads . ”
Hasikos said there is no government , minister , or institution , that would sign off on a road that “ everyone says is dangerous ” .
“ The end result is no road , ” they said .
“ Am I going to sign off on a road that would cause people to die because five shop-owners ( who are also voters ) persuaded the municipal councillors ? ”
Asked to assess the necessity of a three- or four-lane road running parallel to Strovolou avenue – itself a four-lane road – the Interior minister said “ this is not their business – they are municipal councillors , they do n't know about such things ” .
“ Do I have any reason to want three or two or five traffic lanes , or whether there should be a median strip , and whether it should be painted on or a concrete structure ? ” Hasikos angrily asked .
“ Do I have a reason , or any interest in that , as a minister ? I have people with the appropriate expertise advising me on these matters . ”
They added that the funds for the roadworks are blocked by parliament due to pressure from parties .
“ When parliament releases the funds , we can start tomorrow , ” Hasikos said .
“ Otherwise , some will continue to pander for votes over a road , and people will continue to be killed . The road is not there to serve those living or working on either side . It 's a road to serve an entire region . ”
Still , Hasikos said , they are willing to hear what the Strovolos mayor and the municipal council have to say “ for the last time ” .
“ But there will be no concessions at the expense of public safety , ” they warned .
CBS Local — The Eagles and Patriots will be battling for the Lombardi Trophy in Super Bowl LII on Feb. 4 , but that 's not the only competition going on that night . With 111.3 million people tuning in to see last year 's Super Bowl , advertisers will be pulling out all the spots to entertain and attract new customers with star-studded TV spots .
The year 's most expensive commercial breaks will reportedly cost businesses over $ 5 million to run a 30-second commercial during Sunday 's game . Luckily , you do n't have to wait until Super Bowl Sunday to see what companies will be airing during the big game as a number of the ads have already been leaked online . Here 's a preview of some of the ads you 'll see in between one of the biggest sporting events of 2018 .
Budweiser – “ Stand By You ”
Budweiser is pulling at your heartstrings again with this ad about providing water to places across the United States that were impacted by natural disasters — specifically Texas , Florida , Puerto Rico , and California . Skylar Grey provides a cover of Ben E. King 's “ Stand By Me ” for the ad . According to Budweiser , their Cartersville , GA brewery has provided more than 79 million cans of water for relief efforts since 1988 , including two million last year .
Stella Artois – “ Taps ”
Like Budweiser , Stella Artois will also bring a focus on water . Water.org co-founder Matt Damon stars in the ad , which promotes the partnership between the beer company and the nonprofit organization aimed at providing clean and safe drinking water to developing countries .
Amazon – “ Did Alexa Lose Them Voice ? ” ( Teaser )
The biggest star in Amazon 's teaser for it 's Super Bowl commercial is Jeff Bezos , the company 's founder and CEO . Considering the premise of the ad – which imagines the company 's efforts to replace Alexa after they lose their voice – it 's a pretty safe bet that one of the world 's richest companies will be bringing more star power to their full ad on Super Bowl Sunday .
PETA – “ Redemption ”
James Cromwell , the vegan actor who received an Oscar nomination for their role in the 1995 movie “ Babe , ” headlines a PETA ad that 's sure to generate some controversial buzz in the wake of the Super Bowl . It features a meat marketer attending confession at a church and revealing the dark secrets of their ( unnamed ) company 's shady packaging practices . PETA says the purpose of the ad is to convince meat-eaters to “ seek redemption by choosing the only truly humane meals : vegan wings , vegan hamburgers — vegan everything . ”
Pringles – “ Wow ”
Pringles in enlisting Bill Hader to say “ wow ” a bunch as they find out that you can stack different Pringles chips on top of each other to create new flavors . Wow .
M & M 's – “ Human ”
This year 's M & M 's ad sees their signature red M & M character magically transform into Danny DeVito thanks to a “ lucky penny. ” Maybe even better than the commercial is DeVito 's explainer of how they got into the role . “ Becoming Red was something really natural for me because I kind of look a little bit like him . Actually I 'm in better shape than Red , but do n't tell him—he 's a little bit paunchy , ”  Devito told People . “ But listen , we worked that out . I put on a couple , I ate a couple good dinners , got a little bit chunky . I was looking like a good Red . ”
Tide – “ Bradshaw 's Locked Out ” ( Teaser )
Terry Bradshaw is back to rep Tide during the Super Bowl again this year , though the teaser does n't offer much in terms of what to expect . It simply features the former Steelers quarterback being locked out of their trailer . You 'll have to tune in Sunday to see what happens to Terry .
Michelob Ultra – “ The Perfect Fit ”
Once upon a time , Chris Pratt was a heavyset , unkempt fellow playing Andy Dwyer on “ Parks & Recreation. ” Then they underwent a dramatic body transformation to become one of Hollywood 's leading action stars , and now he 's headlining Michelob Ultra 's Super Bowl ad because they “ defines what it means to live fit and live fun. ” Andy Dwyer would have been the spokesperson for something like Pabst Blue Ribbon or Busch Light . Or Tide Pods .
Universal Studios – “ Peyton Manning : Vacation Quarterback ”
Did you really expect Peyton Manning not to be featured in a Super Bowl commercial ? This year , the legendary QB is “ quarterbacking ” a family 's trip to Universal Studios .
Amazon – Tom Clancy 's “ Jack Ryan ”
Amazon 's streaming service , Prime Video , will have its first-ever Super Bowl ad this year , and it will promote the new series “ Tom Clancy 's Jack Ryan. ” The show will star John Krasinski ( “ The Office ” ) in the titular role , making them the fifth actor to take on Jack Ryan , following Alec Baldwin , Harrison Ford , Ben Affleck and Chris Pine .
Doritos & Mountain Dew – Blaze vs. Ice
I bet you did n't expect to see Peter Dinklage channeling their inner Busta Rhymes or Morgan Freeman tackling Missy Elliott 's “ Get Ur Freak On , ” but you 're getting both this Sunday . The two will go head-to-head in a lip sync battle of sorts as they promote Doritos and Mountain Dew .
Lexus – “ Black Panther ”
Lexus is piggybacking on one of 2018 's most-hyped films , Marvel 's “ Black Panther , ” for their Super Bowl ad this year . The car company 's spot will feature the movie 's star , Chadwick Boseman , in an action-packed ad that should get the engines revving for comic book fans .
Febreze – “ The Only Man Whose Bleep Do n't Stink ”
This year 's Febreze ad goes hard in the “ Bathroom Humor ” department .
Groupon – “ Who Would n't ? ”
Following their amazing Groupon story told on Jimmy Kimmel Live ! , “ Girls Trip ” actor Tiffany Haddish scored a gig as spokesperson for the company . Now , she 'll be featured in their first Super Bowl ad since 2011 .
Avocados From Mexico – ( Teaser )
Avocados From Mexico love getting really weird people to do really weird things for their really weird commercials , so it makes sense that Chris Elliott has been enlisted by the company this year . Elliott will have big shoes to fill , as Jon Lovitz was the employed weirdo during last year 's big game .
[ H/T CBS Sports ]
DC 's Legends of Tomorrow must like that voodoo they do as John Constantine , because Matt Ryan is set to join the CW series as a series regular in the event of a Season 4 renewal .
Having fronted their own Constantine series for NBC during the 2014-15 TV season , Ryan first dipped their wand into The CW 's # DCTV universe with a Season 4 appearance on Arrow . Tonight they make their second of three Season 3 visits to Legends , as Constantine is presumably called on to help keep Sara out of the demon Mallus ' grasp . With Ryan as a Season 4 cast member , John would join the team members aboard the Waverider .
Ryan also voices Constantine for an animated series that launches on CW Seed this Saturday , March 24 .
As for Legends ‘ asupervisorstioned renewal prospects , with four episodes left to air this season , the time travel drama is averaging 1.62 million total viewers and 0.50 demo rating , ranking fifth and sixth among The CW 's 12 dramas — and with a whole new Sunday slate to fill this fall .
Want more scoop on Legends , or for any other show ? Email InsideLine @ tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt 's Inside Line .
© REUTERS/ Bassam Khabieh Creation of Coalition to Demine Syrian Historic Sites to Be Discussed in Tehran
ASTANA ( Sputnik ) – Kazakhstan expects guarantor states of Astana process on Syrian reconciliation to provide it with information about the results of the coming meeting in Tehran , Kazakh Foreign Minister Kairat Abdrakhmanov told reporters on Tuesday .
“ In coming days a meeting of the guarantor states in narrow format will take place in Tehran . We will be informed about the next steps that the guarantor states propose as part of Astana process . In any case on May 3 – 4 , as it was planned , we are preparing for one more meeting as part of Astana process , ” Abdrakhmanov said .
Kazakhstan 's capital of Astana hosted three rounds of talks on Syrian settlement brokered by Russia , Turkey and Iran , held on January 23-24 , February 15-16 and March 14-15 . Next meeting on Syria in Astana is expected to take place in early May .
Fire and Slice
If you have even been to the Wasatch Front Farmer 's Market in the summer , then you 've probably noticed the line forming beside this mobile wood-fired pizza oven . Fire and Slice is the real deal for tasty pizza outdoors . Their dough is hand rolled and allowed to ferment for 24 hours . Try the breakfast pizza—it 's good any time of day !
Maverik
Everything is on point with Maverik 's 12-inch Neapolitan style thin crust pizzas . They are cooked in 90 seconds at 700 degrees Fahrenheit in an imported Italian Turbochef `` Fire '' oven to give the pizzas a wood-fired taste . Traditional Neapolitan style pizzas are made with San Marzano tomatoes , aged cheeses , high-quality meats , and extra virgin olive oil , and that 's exactly what you 'll find in Maverik 's pizzas . Try Maverik 's made-to-order pizzas in dynamic flavor combinations because they are definitely not your average fast food pizza .
Setebello
Another Utah favorite for savory Neapolitan pizza is Setebello . Setebello 's artisan oven hails from Italy and it reaches 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit in one minute . The signature Setebello pizza is made of crushed tomatoes , pancetta , wood oven sausage , roasted mushrooms , toasted pine nuts , extra virgin olive oil , mozzarella and basil . It 's the perfect blend of different textures with a savory , modern flavor .
Vinto Pizzeria
Vinto Pizzeria is a fantastic , casual option for wood fired pizza in Park City . With a variety of seasonal Italian ingredients featured on their pizzas , it can be difficult to order just one . A crowd favorite is the Patate , which is a delicious blend of sliced Yukon potatoes , fontina , goat cheese , rosemary , wild arugula and white truffle oil .
The Store
Each pizza at The Store in Holladay is made to order . You can make your own custom-built pizza or choose from their signature pizzas . If you 're a meat lover , then you will want to order the Olympus , which has a healthy serving of cured pepperoni , smoke bacon and crumbled Italian sausage .
Papa John 's
For meat eaters , vegetarians , and even people who want a lighter pizza option , Papa John 's is the place to go . Not only do they offer an array of signature specialties , but they also have Papa 's Lighter Choices for 300 calories or fewer per slice . You can order online , from your smartphone or from their app .
Mellow Mushroom
Mellow Mushroom 's mission is to provide creative and delicious pizza creations in a fun environment . If you 're looking for a unique combination of toppings such as the Bayou Bleu , which incorporates a spicy bleu cheese base with grilled shrimp , andouille sausage , and chives , then Mellow Mushroom is your pizza place . They also offer plenty of vegetarian , vegan , and gluten-free options .
Cannella 's
Established in 1978 , Cannella 's foundation lies in the love of food , family , and friends . They are now serving a variety of pizzas from build-your-own to a pizza named `` From Russia With Love , featuring vodka cream sauce , mozzarella , spicy sliced sausage , goat cheese , and spinach .
Fratelli
Fratelli is the Italian word for brothers . This restaurant is owned by two of the Cannella brothers Pete and Dave . They have had pizza on their menu since they opened about 10 years ago . The Veronese pizza will make you think you are in Italy . It 's made from prosciutto , cremini mushrooms , and mozzarella over San Marzano tomato sauce . What 's the big deal about San Marzano tomatoes ? These plum tomatoes hail from the rich volcanic soil at the base of Mount Vesuvius , making them extra sweet .
Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience . Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support , Linux performance , graphics drivers , and other topics . Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite , Phoromatic , and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software . They can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com .
House Speaker Paul Ryan ( R-WI ) identified two Capitol Police officers who stopped a shooter from massacring Republican members of congress at a baseball practice in Alexandria , Virginia .
They identified them as Special Agent David Bailey and Special Agent Crystal Griner . Both were wounded , however Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa said they are in good condition and their injuries are not life-threatening .
“ Without these two heroes , Agent Bailey and Agent Griner , many lives would have been lost , ” Ryan said , addressing the House .
Officers Bailey and Griner were providing security for House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( R-LA ) , when shooter James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , of Belleville , Ill. opened fire on the members of congress who were practicing for an annual charity baseball game on Thursday .
Scalise was shagging balls at second base when the gunman opened fire , according to eyewitnesses . Scalise was shot in the hip , and dragged themselves from the infield to the outfield . As a member of House leadership , they are provided with a security detail .
Officers fired back at Hodgkinson , and took them down after they came out from behind a building near home plate with a pistol , according to Rep. Brad Wenstrup ( R-OH ) , who was at the practice .
Rep. Steve Pearce ( R-NM ) , who was at the scene , said they first noticed a “ bystander ” who would later be the gunman at the third base dugout . Moments later , shots began and they saw Hodgkinson with a rifle aiming and shooting from behind a building .
“ I saw the Capitol Police returning fire . They bravely moved into harm 's way . I know one of them was injured , I saw that . I think the other one also took a wound , ” they said . “ The Capitol Police were able to take the gunman out . ”
Sen. Rand Paul ( R-KY ) , who was also at the practice , told Fox News “ without them it would have been a massacre . ”
Many Democrats also praised the Capitol Police for saving lives .
We must never take for granted the heroism of @ CapitolPolice , who risk their lives every day to protect our nation 's Capitol . https : //t.co/ThNFAGRxXe — Michael F. Bennet ( @ SenBennetCO ) June 14 , 2017
Ptolemy Reid Centre celebrates 50 years
DPI , Guyana , Monday , December 11 , 2017
The staff of the Ptolemy Reid Rehabilitation Centre ( PRRC ) , were honoured for their service and dedication at the centre 's 50th anniversary Golden Jubilee Dinner and Awards presentation at the Pegasus Hotel , Kingston .
Delivering the feature address , Minister of Public Health Volda Lawrence commended the PRRC board and staff for upholding the organisation 's vision and mission . They noted that the centre 's journey must not have been an easy one but they have made it work for them .
“ I would like to congratulate all those of you who are present , and not present , that have participated over the last 50 years in helping PRRC to be in the position that it is . I know that it is not easy and it had to be love and the service that they give , to take it to the heights that it is today ” , Minister Lawrence said . They added that the hard work being done , has cemented the ministry 's relationship and commitment towards the development of the facility .
Chairman of the PRRC , Col. Randy Storm , thanked the board for their continued support . They disclosed with their support and that of donors and dedication of their staff the organisation 's growth and development for 2107 has been significant .
The centre was established in January 1967 , by the then Ministry of Health to provide rehabilitative services for those children who had suffered residual paralysis following the 1960 and 1964 Poliomyelitis epidemics . With control of this disease and the subsequent reduction of these types of cases , its focus evolved . The centre developed into an organisation providing comprehensive programmes in rehabilitation for children with various types of physical and other developmental disabilities .
In 1991 , in an effort to improve resource acquisition so as to expand and provide quality service more effectively and efficiently , the centre was de-linked from the Ministry of Health and is now managed by a voluntary Management Committee . With the expansion of the Orthotic and Prosthetic Workshop from a small unit catering for the needs of only the children of the PPRC , the facility now has the potential to manufacture almost any appliance that may be required by those with physical disabilities .
By : Neola Damon
For more photos , click on the link to the DPI 's Flickr Page
https : //www.flickr.com/photos/142936155 @ N03/
Anne Arundel County residents can get more healthy while supporting children in foster care by participating in the inaugural Anne Arundel County Champions For Children 5K Race/Walk . Proceeds from this charitable event benefit Harmony House , a program that enables children and youth in foster care to visit with their parents in a safe , home-like setting .
The Champions For Children 5K Race/Walk will take place Saturday , April 29th , at Quiet Waters Park in Annapolis . Runners and walkers can sign up online at www.raceentry.com .
The Champions For Children 5K Race/Walk is sponsored by the advisory Board of Directors to the Anne Arundel County Department of Social Services ( DSS ) . The Board 's goal is to raise $ 25,000 for the Anne Arundel County Family Assistance Fund , which the board utilizes to support privately funded programs like Harmony House that benefit children and youth served by DSS .
“ The amazing services provided at Harmony House transform families . But we need community support to keep the program going , ” said Race Director and board member Sara Pula of Annapolis . “ The Champions For Children race is open to runners and walkers of all levels , and we hope to have a great turnout . ”
Harmony House strengthens parent-child relationships . Children in foster care and their parents have supervised visits where they play , talk , cook meals together , do homework and chores , all with the support of a social worker and parenting coach . Last year , 236 visits took place there and 32 children left foster care and were reunified with their families .
Harmony House is the first supervised visitation center in Maryland and is celebrating its 10th anniversary this year . Harmony House relies on donations to pay its operating costs . Currently , there 's an urgent need to purchase new furnishings throughout the home for the children and families to use and enjoy .
The Champions For Children event promotes family physical fitness , improved child health and well-being & fun . Registration begins at 7:30 a.m . This is a rain or shine event . Park admission is included in the cost of the race . Strollers and dogs on a leash are welcome . For more information , view our race brochure ( attached ) , visit us on Facebook or sign up to run , walk or donate at www.raceentry.com .
Related
Category : Events , LIFE IN THE AREA , Local News , NEWS , Post To FB
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump 's administration has announced that it will continue much of the Obama administration 's nuclear weapons policy , but take a more aggressive stance toward Russia .
It said that Russia must be convinced it would face “ unacceptably dire costs ” if it were to threaten even a limited nuclear attack in Europe .
The current review of US nuclear policy does not call for an increase in strategic nuclear weapons — a position that Mr Trump recommended in a tweet shortly before they took office , in which they said that the US “ must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes . ”
In their State of the Union address on Tuesday , Mr Trump made no mention of expansion , though they said the arsenal must deter acts of aggression .
Camera Icon CHAMP rockets are ready to be deployed to stave off North Korea as a nuclear threat . Picture : Supplied , Screengrab/NBC News
A 74-page report has summarised the review 's findings , calling North Korea a “ clear and grave threat ” to the US and its allies .
It asserts that any North Korean nuclear attack against the US or its allies will result in “ the end of that regime . ”
Camera Icon US president Donald Trump has urged China 's President Xi Jinping to help resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis during talks in Beijing . Picture : AFP
It also cast China as a potential nuclear adversary , saying the US arsenal is tailored to prevent Beijing from gaining advantage by using its nuclear weapons in Asia , or that “ any use of nuclear weapons , however limited , is acceptable . ”
In a written statement , Mr Trump said US strategy is designed to make use of nuclear weapons less likely .
It also endorsed adhering to existing arms control agreements , including the New START treaty that limits the US and Russia each to 1,550 strategic nuclear warheads on a maximum of 700 deployed launchers .
The treaty , negotiated under President Barack Obama and effective since 2011 , and its weapons limits must be met by Monday .
Camera Icon Russia is expected to comply with the weapons limit treaty negotiated by the Obama administration and endorsed by the Trump administration . Picture : AFP
The US says it expects Russia to comply by Monday 's deadline .
As of Sept. 1 , the last date for which official figures are available , Russia was below the launcher limit but slightly above the warhead limit , at 1,561 .
“ Moscow has repeatedly stated its intention to meet those limits on time , and we have no reason to believe that that wo n't be the case , ” State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said .
Nevertheless , the Trump administration 's view is that Russian policies have the potential for miscalculation , leading to an uncontrolled escalation of conflict in Europe .
Camera Icon US president Donald Trump has continued with the Obama administration 's nuclear treaty but will not reduce US nuclear weapons . Picture : AFP
The Trump nuclear doctrine breaks with Obama 's in ending their push to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in US defence policy .
Mr Trump would consider using nuclear weapons only in “ extreme circumstances , ” but sees a deterrent role for these weapons .
The Pentagon 's report points to a Russian doctrine known as “ escalate to de-escalate ” in which Moscow would threaten to use smaller nuclear weapons in a limited conflict in Europe to compel the US and NATO to back down .
“ Recent Russian statements on this evolving nuclear weapons doctrine appear to lower the threshold for Moscow 's first-use of nuclear weapons , ” the review said .
Camera Icon US Secretary of Defense for Policy John Rood at a news conference on the Nuclear Posture Review at the Pentagon , Feb. 2 , 2018 . Picture : AP
The administration proposes a solution : modify long-range ballistic missiles carried by strategic submarines to fit them with smaller-yield nuclear warheads .
John Rood , the undersecretary of defence for policy , said the cost would be partially included in the 2019 budget submitted to Congress later this month .
The Trump administration would also develop a nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile , re-establishing a weapon that existed during the Cold War but was retired in 2011 by the Obama administration .
MONDAY , March 19 , 2018 -- A low sperm count may do more than affect a man 's ability to have children . It also may be linked to a number of health problems , new research suggests .
A study of nearly 5,200 Italian men found that those with low sperm counts were 1.2 times more likely to have more body fat , higher blood pressure , higher bad cholesterol and triglycerides , and lower levels of good cholesterol .
Men with low sperm counts also had higher rates of metabolic syndrome , a cluster of these and other risk factors that boost the odds of diabetes , heart disease and stroke . They also had higher rates of insulin resistance , which can lead to diabetes .
`` Infertile men are likely to have important coexisting health problems or risk factors that can impair quality of life and shorten their lives , '' said lead investigator Dr. Alberto Ferlin .
They are an associate professor of endocrinology at the University of Brescia in Italy .
`` Fertility evaluation gives men the unique opportunity for health assessment and disease prevention , '' Ferlin added .
The study was presented March 18 at the Endocrine Society 's annual meeting , in Chicago .
Ferlin said the study associates low sperm count with metabolic changes , heart disease risk and low bone mass .
They added , however , that it does not prove that low sperm counts cause these problems . Instead , it shows sperm quality can reveal general health .
`` Men of couples having difficulties achieving pregnancy should be correctly diagnosed and followed up by their fertility specialists and primary care doctor because they could have an increased chance of morbidity and mortality , '' Ferlin said in a society news release .
Research presented at medical meetings is considered preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal .
The U.S. National Institute of Child Health and Human Development has more on male infertility .
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay . All rights reserved .
An investigation of Amazon 's practices towards its UK delivery drivers has revealed inhumane conditions including drivers being required to make up to 200 deliveries a day and having to urinate in water bottles because there 's no time for a bathroom break - and all for subminimum wages .
The Driving and Vehicle Standards Agency , part of the United Kingdom 's Department of Transport , began an investigation after seven drivers for Prospect Commercial , Ltd. , a Kent-based third-party delivery company that partners with Amazon , sued the online shopping colossus for mistreatment .
`` We take any allegations extremely seriously and fully investigate any concerns raised about drivers and operators breaking the rules . Any driver or operator breaking drivers ' hours rules is putting other road users at risk and could face losing their licence and livelihood , '' said enforcement manager Matt Barker to The Independent .
The Sunday Mirror launched an investigation of their own and reported that drivers regularly work days longer than 11 hours ( the legally mandated maximum ) and are forced to break speed limits to meet delivery goals that do n't take into account traffic or weather .
They also do anything they can to maximize time so they can complete their deliveries , including skipping lunch and urinating in plastic bottles . Many drivers work 12 to 14-hour shifts , earning $ 962 a week — and paying $ 267 of that , or two days ' wages , in van rental and insurance costs . One worker claimed to have taken home a net paycheck of only $ 285 for a 60-hour work week after paying van costs and fuel .
© AP Photo/ Frank Augstein Amazon Falls Out of Favor With Outraged Users for 'Sneakily ' Adding a New Fee
`` Amazon sent an email to all managers to try to stop drivers carrying bottles filled with urine , '' one driver told The Sunday Mirror . `` The security guards were reporting people for it . But [ fault for ] the allocation and number of stops , and the volume to be distributed for any given day , lies entirely with Amazon . ''
Amazon does not employ the drivers directly , instead recruiting them through third-party agencies such as Prospect Commercial . However , the workers receive their assignments and delivery routes through an Amazon app .
An Amazon spokesperson told the Sunday Mirror that any mistreatment is the fault of the third-party delivery providers . `` Our delivery providers are expected to ensure drivers receive a minimum £12 per hour before deductions and excluding bonuses , incentives and fuel reimbursements , '' they said .
`` We are committed to ensuring that the people contracted by our independent delivery providers are fairly compensated , treated with respect , follow all applicable laws and driving regulations and drive safely . ''
Prospect Commercial , Ltd. issued a similar claim . `` We work hard to provide a good service and supportive work environment for our self-employed contracted drivers , '' they said in a statement . `` We provide competitive compensation to contracted drivers , who receive a rate in excess of the national living wage after deductions , and this is regularly audited . ''
In the UK alone , Amazon recorded $ 9.74 billion in sales in 2016 . Less than 0.1 percent of that was paid in taxes due to the company 's use of offshore tax havens .
A A
It was a mostly warm and supportive election night for smaller school districts in Clark County on Tuesday .
Of the four districts running levy votes — Camas , Washougal , Woodland and Hockinson — three were passing after the first round of results came out Tuesday night . Only Hockinson 's levy , a capital project levy , looked like it was going to be voted down .
However , Camas officials might have had the coldest night of district employees around Clark County .
Camas
“ We usually go to the elections office and get in , but tonight we could n't , ” Camas Superintendent Jeff Snell said . “ It was late and after hours , and nobody let us in , so we just stood outside watching our phones . That 's the beauty of technology today . ”
A cold February night outside was the only negative for Camas School District officials on Tuesday , as the district 's maintenance and operations levy was sitting at nearly 66 percent in favor and the technology levy received nearly 67 percent of votes in support .
“ When I think of two-thirds of our community supporting our school that way , it did n't feel that cold at all , ” Snell said .
The maintenance levy will collect $ 16.1 million , $ 16.6 million , $ 17.1 million and $ 17.6 million over the next four years , while the technology levy will bring in $ 1.70 million , $ 1.75 million , $ 1.80 million and $ 1.85 million during that same time frame . Districts levy a dollar amount for each year , and it 's up to the Clark County Assessor 's Office to set the property tax rate to bring that money into the district .
Camas projected that residents will pay 6 cents more a year per $ 1,000 , with the district 's projected rate going up to $ 6.31 per $ 1,000 of assessed home value for 2018-2020 with the replacement levies . The current rate is $ 6.25 per $ 1,000 of assessed home value . In the levies ' fourth year , the district estimates the rate will go down to $ 5.83 per $ 1,000 due to paying off bond debt .
The levy money will be used for additional staff , textbooks , curriculum materials , health room staff , Advanced Placement , Highly Capable and accelerated programs , special education staff and technology support staff . It also will be used for extracurricular programs and grounds , maintenance and utilities .
Washougal
Residents in Washougal also voted in favor of both replacement levies as of Tuesday night .
The replacement educational programs and operations levy had 59 percent of votes in favor , and 60 percent of returned ballots had yes votes on the capital levy for instructional technology .
“ We can take that as an indicator that people are supportive and we 're good flight attendants of the public 's resources , ” Superintendent Mike Stromme said . “ They want to see our programs continue to support all of the needs of all our children . ”
Washougal School District is split between Clark and Skamania counties . Fifty-two percent of Skamania County voters voted against the operations levy and 50.12 percent of ballots returned from Skamania County opposed the technology levy . About 400 Skamania County voters cast ballots , while 3,000 Clark County voters did .
The operations levy will collect $ 7.6 million in 2018 , $ 7.8 million in 2019 and a little less than $ 8 million in 2020 , while the technology levy will bring in $ 775,000 in 2018 , $ 800,000 in 2019 and $ 820,000 in 2020 .
The district 's estimated rate of the maintenance and operations levy is $ 2.91 per $ 1,000 of assessed value for all three years , while the technology levy has a projected rate of 30 cents per $ 1,000 of assessed value for 2018-2020 . The district 's most recent rates for the operations levy are $ 2.92 for 2016 and $ 2.74 for 2017 . The technology levy rate was 35 cents in 2016 and is 34 cents in 2017 .
In Washougal , levy dollars make up nearly 20 percent of the budget . The operations levy will go toward athletics , health and safety , instructional support , student learning and staffing , while the technology levy will be used to update the district 's infrastructure and for the 1:1 program , which aims to give an iPad or Chromebook to each student .
Woodland
Woodland is also a district between two counties , although both Clark and Cowlitz county residents were in favor of Woodland 's replacement maintenance and operations levy .
The levy was narrowly passing after Tuesday 's results , with 51.72 percent of ballots returned in favor of the levy . Fifty-five percent of returned ballots from Clark County were for the levy , while 51.18 percent of ballots from Cowlitz were in favor . In Woodland , 284 of 2,185 returned ballots were from Clark County .
The levy will collect $ 4.5 million in 2018 , $ 4.8 million in 2019 and $ 5 million in 2020 . The district 's projected tax rates for those years are $ 2.70 per $ 1,000 of assessed home value for 2018 and 2019 and $ 2.69 per $ 1,000 in 2020 . The 2016 rate was $ 2.62 per $ 1,000 . Levy dollars make up 16.7 percent of Woodland Public Schools ' budget .
Money from the levy will go toward enhanced career and technical programs to prepare students for the workforce , staffing to keep class sizes low , teaching supplies and materials , technology equipment and support , textbooks , transportation , athletics and extracurricular programs .
Hockinson
A group of Hockinson School District residents was vocal about bringing synthetic turf to Hockinson High School 's main athletic field , but that did n't translate into votes for the district . As of Tuesday night , the capital project levy was failing with nearly 60 percent of returned ballots in opposition .
“ This has been a topic of discussion in the Hockinson community for the last two years , ” Hockinson spokesperson Sarah Coomber said . “ The district put it up for an election to see how much support there is . This vote gives us the answer . ”
The money would have been used to install synthetic turf at the high school 's main field and resurface the track . The levy asked for $ 1.5 million split over six years , broken down into $ 250,000 each year .
This was the third year in a row that Hockinson asked residents to help with funding through an election , as voters approved a $ 39.9 million bond in 2015 and a three-year $ 13.9 million replacement maintenance and operations levy in 2016 .
/ Front page / News
THE Northern Division recorded no serious police reports during the long Easter weekend .
Police spokesperson Ana Naisoro said the only drunk and drive reports received during the weekend were recorded in the Western and Central divisions .
Ms Naisoro said this was a sign that members of the public in the North had taken heed of their warnings prior to the beginning of the long weekend .
`` However , we did receive three reports of drunk incapable cases in Labasa involving two men from Seaqaqa and a soccer player in Labasa who was found unconscious outside a regular nightspot in Labasa , '' they said .
`` The player who was playing during the four-day TIV Sangam Inter-District Championship tournament had sustained injuries and was taken to hospital . Police are trying to determine how the player received the injuries and whether it was related to an assault case . ''
Ms Naisoro said the two police stations in Savusavu and Taveuni received no cases of interest in the weekend .
`` We thank members of the public for co-operating with us and for adhering to the advice that we issued earlier , '' they said .
`` Police were monitoring the situation in their respective areas of operation within the division during the long wekeend . The Fiji Police Force anticipates the co-operation of members of the public in future . ''
Meanwhile , the 2017 TIV Sangam Inter-District Championship which ended yesterday attracted about 2000 people from around the country and abroad to Labasa Town during the weekend .
SPONSORS : KSWB/FOX 5 , 7191 Engineer Road , San Diego , CA 92111
Supercuts , 7201 Metro Blvd. , Edina , MN 55439
SWEEPSTAKES DATES : Begins Friday , June 1 , 2018 at 05:00 p.m. PDT and ends Wednesday , June 13 , 2018 at 8:00 p.m. PDT ( the “ Sweepstakes Period ” ) .
HOW TO ENTER : NO PURCHASE NECESSARY . There are two ways to enter . ( 1 ) Enter online by clicking the appropriate link at http : //www.fox5sandiego.com/contests . Complete and submit the online entry form . You must provide all information requested on the entry form , including name , e-mail address and telephone number . You must have a valid e-mail account to be eligible . ( 2 ) Visit any of the 56 Supercuts locations in San Diego County during the Sweepstakes Period . You will be asked if you would like to be entered in the Sweepstakes . You will have to provide all of the personal information described above , and the Supercuts location will enter you in the Sweepstakes based on that information . Incomplete entries will be disqualified . Copies or other mechanical reproductions , facsimiles , entries containing technical or electronic reproductions are not eligible and will be rejected . In the event of a dispute regarding the identity of an entrant , the holder of the e-mail account will be deemed the entrant . Limit one ( 1 ) entry per person/valid e-mail address , regardless of method of entry . Duplicate entries from any person or e-mail address will be disqualified . All information submitted online by entrants is subject to , and will be treated in a manner consistent with , MLB.com 's Terms of Use accessible at : http : //www.mlb.com/mlb/official_info/about_mlb_com/terms_of_use.jsp and Privacy Policy accessible at : mlb.mlb.com/privacy and KSWB 's privacy policy , found at http : //privacy.tribunemedia.com .
Entries become the exclusive property of KSWB and will not be returned or acknowledged . Sponsors are not responsible for entries that are lost , delayed , late , misaddressed or misdirected due to technical or computer failures , errors or data loss of any kind , lost or unavailable internet connections , data entry errors or failed incomplete , garbled or deleted computer or network transmissions , inability to access the website or online service , or any other technical error or malfunction .
ELIGIBILITY : These sweepstakes is void where prohibited by law . It is open only to legal residents of California who reside in San Diego County , who are age 18 or older than of June 1 , 2018 , and who have not won any other prize from FOX 5 since May 1 , 2018 . Employees of other media companies ( including television , cable and radio ) , Sponsors and their parent corporations , subsidiaries , or affiliates , and such employees ' immediate family or household members are not eligible to enter or win the sweepstakes . Also ineligible are employees of any of the following , referred to below as “ MLB Entities ” : the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball , the American and National Leagues of Professional Baseball Clubs , Major League Baseball Enterprises , Inc. , Major League Baseball Properties , Inc. , Major League Baseball Properties Canada Inc. , MLB Network LLC , MLB Network Holdings , LLC , MLB Media Holdings , Inc. , MLB Media Holdings , L.P. , MLB Advanced Media , Inc. and MLB Advanced Media , L.P. ; ( ii ) any of their respective present or future affiliates , and/or ( iii ) any of their respective present or future assigns or successors that are owned in substantial part and/or controlled , directly or indirectly , by the Major League Baseball clubs .
PRIZE AND WINNER SELECTION :
One ( 1 ) Prize will be awarded . The winner will be drawn on or about June 18 , 2018 . The winner will receive a 1-day/ 2-night trip for the Grand Prize winner and one ( 1 ) guest to Washington , DC for the 2018 MLB All-Star Game presented by Mastercard played on July 17 , 2018 at Nationals Park ( the “ 2018 MLB All-Star Game presented by Mastercard “ ) . The prize consists of round-trip coach-class air transportation between San Diego International Airport and Washington Reagan National Airport , two ( 2 ) -night standard double-occupancy hotel accommodations ( one ( 1 ) room ) at a hotel in Washington , DC determined by FOX 5 at its sole discretion , and two ( 2 ) tickets to the 2018 MLB All-Star Game presented by Mastercard . Total Approximate Retail Value ( “ ARV “ ) of the Prize = $ 4,500 . Actual value of Prize will be based on actual airfare and lodgings costs . Any difference between the estimated and actual ARV ( as determined by FOX 5 in its sole discretion ) will not be awarded to the winner . Tickets are subject to all terms and conditions specified thereon . Seat locations at game shall be determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the applicable MLB Entity .
The winner will be drawn on or about June 18 , 2018 . The winner will receive a 1-day/ 2-night trip for the Grand Prize winner and one ( 1 ) guest to Washington , DC for the 2018 MLB All-Star Game presented by Mastercard played on July 17 , 2018 at Nationals Park ( the “ “ ) . The prize consists of round-trip coach-class air transportation between San Diego International Airport and Washington Reagan National Airport , two ( 2 ) -night standard double-occupancy hotel accommodations ( one ( 1 ) room ) at a hotel in Washington , DC determined by FOX 5 at its sole discretion , and two ( 2 ) tickets to the 2018 MLB All-Star Game presented by Mastercard . Total Approximate Retail Value ( “ “ ) of the Prize = $ 4,500 . Actual value of Prize will be based on actual airfare and lodgings costs . Any difference between the estimated and actual ARV ( as determined by FOX 5 in its sole discretion ) will not be awarded to the winner . Tickets are subject to all terms and conditions specified thereon . Seat locations at game shall be determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the applicable MLB Entity . The winner will be selected by a random drawing from all entries received , subject to verification and confirmation of eligibility in accordance with these Rules . The winner will be contacted by phone and/or email .
If KSWB is unable to speak to the winner by phone within 24 hours of Sponsor 's initial attempt to contact the winner ( including winner 's failure to return a phone call or email message from KSWB ) , the originally selected winner will be disqualified , and an alternate winner will be selected by random drawing .
All federal , state , and local taxes associated with the prize , as well as all other costs or expenses involved in or associated with the prize not specifically listed above , including any incidental travel , meals , costs , expenses , gratuities or amenities not set forth explicitly above , are the sole responsibility of the winner and guest . Winner will receive a 1099 tax form reflecting the actual value of the prize .
Trip must be taken on dates specified by KSWB or the Prize will be forfeited and , at Sponsors ' discretion and time permitting , awarded to an alternate winner selected at random from all remaining entries , subject to verification and confirmation of eligibility . If the All-Star Game is canceled or postponed for any reason , only the travel portion of the Prize will be awarded and Sponsors , in their discretion , may substitute an item ( s ) /activity ( s ) of comparable or greater value as determined solely by KSWB . Travel arrangements will be made by KSWB . Air travel and lodgings provided will not be eligible for any awards/rewards program to which the winner and guest may belong . Prize winner and guest must travel together on the same itinerary . Sponsors will not be responsible if either the winner or guest is determined ineligible for U.S. air travel by any agency of the federal government . The Prize winner 's guest must be at least eighteen ( 18 ) years of age as of June 1 , 2018 , unless the guest is the child or legal ward of the Grand Prize winner . The All-Star Game date and time are determined in the sole discretion of the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball , and are subject to change . The Grand Prize does not include tickets to any other game , event , amenity or exhibition during the 2018 MLB All-Star Week other than as specifically set forth herein . The terms and conditions of the tickets awarded as part of the Grand Prize will govern in the event a legal game , event or exhibition , as defined by Major League Baseball , is not played or held , as applicable , due to weather conditions , an act of God , and an act of terrorism , civil disturbance or any other reason . Grand Prize winner and guest agree to comply with all applicable ballpark and venue rules and regulations , rules and regulations relating to the use of Major League Baseball game , event and/or exhibition tickets and , in accordance therewith , agree not to act in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner , or with any intent to annoy , abuse , threaten or harass any other person at such game , event or exhibition . Sponsors and the applicable MLB Entities reserve the right to remove or to deny entry to the Grand Prize winner and/or his/her guest who engage ( s ) in a non-sportsmanlike or disruptive manner , or with intent to annoy , abuse , threaten or harass any other person at the game , event or exhibition . Sponsors will not be responsible for weather conditions , Acts of God , and acts of terrorism , civil disturbances , work stoppage , natural disaster or any other event or situation outside their control that may cause the cancellation or postponement of the game . Tickets awarded as part of the Grand Prize may not be resold or offered for resale or used for any commercial or promotional purpose whatsoever . Any such actual or attempted resale or commercial or promotional use may result in disqualification and Grand Prize forfeiture , in the sole discretion of Sponsors and/or the applicable MLB Entities , and may invalidate the license granted by the game , event or exhibition tickets
Major League Baseball trademarks , service marks and copyrights are proprietary to the MLB Entities . All rights reserved .
The prize is not replaceable if lost , stolen , or destroyed . The prize is not transferable , except at the sole discretion of KSWB . The prize is not redeemable for cash , and it may not be substituted for another prize , except at the sole discretion of KSWB . Sponsors reserve the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value for the prize .
THE WINNER WILL BE REQUIRED TO PICK UP THE PRIZE IN PERSON AT FOX 5 , 7191 ENGINEER ROAD , SAN DIEGO , CA 92111 , MONDAY  FRIDAY , BETWEEN 8:00 A.M. AND 5:00 P.M. ( EXCLUDING HOLIDAYS ) . DEADLINE FOR PICKUP IS 10 DAYS FROM FIRST ATTEMPTED NOTIFICATION BY FOX 5 .
The Winner and guest may be required to present valid government-issued identification and will be required to sign a Statement of Eligibility and Liability and Publicity Release in person at FOX 5 by the deadline established by Sponsor in order to receive the prize . If the winner and guest do not fulfill these requirements , the prize may be forfeited and may be awarded to another entrant by random drawing , time permitting , in KSWB 's sole discretion .
GENERAL CONDITIONS :
* Tech-led rally on Wall Street lifts sentiment
* Concerns about North Korea remain in background
TOKYO May 2 Japan 's Nikkei share average rose to six-week highs on Tuesday in a holiday-shortened week , getting a lift from robust earnings and gains on Wall Street .
The Nikkei was up 0.6 percent in morning trade at 19,434.01 .
Wall Street climbed on Monday , boosted by gains in Apple and other big technology stocks that more than offset weak U.S. economic data , and pushed the Nasdaq Composite to another record high .
Tokyo markets will be closed for three days from Wednesday for a string of holidays known as Golden Week .
`` Trading today , as well as yesterday , is muted , due to the holidays , '' said Stefan Worrall , director of Japan equity sales at Credit Suisse in Tokyo .
`` People are processing earnings at the moment , '' they said . `` Other than the wall of worry that we have about regional tension and European politics , the underlying market sentiment through earnings is quite encouraging . ''
While those worries were calmer on Tuesday , investors warily monitored developments in North Korea . On Monday , Pyongyang suggested it would continue its nuclear weapons tests , even as U.S. President Donald Trump opened the door to meeting the rogue nation 's leader .
In Europe , independent centrist Emmanuel Macron will face off against anti-European Union rightist Marine Le Pen in the runoff vote of France 's presidential election on Sunday , with Macron leading in polls .
Shares of Yamaha Corp jumped 16.5 percent , making it the top gainer in percentage terms on the Tokyo Stock Exchange , after it posted robust earnings .
But Japan Display shares dropped 5.7 percent , making it the loss leader , after the smartphone screen maker cut its profit outlook for the past fiscal year .
Kyocera Corp shares were up 2.3 percent , rising to their highest since July 2015 , after the comprehensive ceramic maker raised its outlook for this fiscal year .
The broader Topix added 0.7 percent to 1,549.85 , while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 was up 0.6 percent at 13,845.19 . ( Reporting by Tokyo markets team ; Editing by Jacqueline Wong )
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday , Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes , saying that they condemn `` in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , on many sides . ''
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said the violent attack Saturday in Charlottesville , Virginia , in which a white supremacist allegedly drove their car into a crowd of counter-protesters at a white supremacists rally , fits the Department of Justice 's definition of domestic terrorism .
“ It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute . We 're pursuing it with the Department of Justice in every way we can make it , make a case , ” they said , appearing on ABC 's “ Good Morning America ” Monday morning . “ You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation toward the most serious charges that can be brought , because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that can not be accepted in America , so absolutely that is a factor that we will be looking at . ”
Sessions made the rounds on news shows Monday morning , defending the President for their initial statements about the incident , amid criticism that President Donald Trump did n't go far enough to condemn white supremacists and neo-Nazi groups .
Trump 's initial comments condemned violence on “ many sides , ” but did n't explicitly call out the white nationalist groups .
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
With only 4 months to go before sailing , Cruise To The Edge , progressive rock 's largest festival at sea , announced that its final public sale began yesterday ( 10/4 ) . Limited cabins are still available at CruiseToTheEdge.com , with prices beginning at $ 1,309 per person , double occupancy . Government fees , taxes , and gratuities are additional and mandatory for all passengers , regardless of age .
Hosted by prog-rock icons , YES , the event features some of the world 's greatest prog-rock musical artists . This magical 5-night cruise sails from Tampa , Florida from February 3-8 , aboard Royal Caribbean 's award-winning Brilliance Of The Seas , visiting two new ports : Belize City , Belize and Costa Maya , Mexico . As in past years , the 2018 CTTE pre-cruise party ( complimentary to cruisers ) will be hosted at Ferg 's Live in Tampa , on the evening of Friday , February 2 .
Conveniently located adjacent to the Port of Tampa , Ferg 's Live is an exciting indoor/outdoor concert and dining venue offering unique craft beers and excellent cuisine . Just announced , Baraka will be performing at the CTTE pre-cruise party ( 2/2 ) , with two additional acts to be revealed in the weeks to come .
On board , iconic prog-rock artists and cruise headliners YES , Marillion , Steve Hackett ( of Genesis ) , Sons of Apollo featuring Mike Portnoy and Derek Sherinian , Carl Palmer 's ELP Legacy ( honoring Keith Emerson and Greg Lake and the music of ELP ) , and Martin Barre ( of Jethro Tull ) will perform multiple sets aboard the cruise . In addition , celebrated Canadian prog band SAGA , will make their final live appearance aboard the cruise , capping their illustrious 40-year career .
Other esteemed performers confirmed include : Anathema , Gong , Haken , Casey McPherson , Focus , Glass Hammer , Adrian Belew Power Trio , Lifesigns , Knifeworld , Sound of Contact , Stick Men with special guest violinist David Cross , Moon Safari , IO Earth , Bad Dreams , Thank You Scientist , Dave Kerzner , Baraka , Eric Gillette , and Brook Hansen . In addition , legendary YES album design artist , Roger Dean , will be aboard , displaying their most famous works in a private gallery where fans can purchase selected original pieces and limited-edition prints . The cruise will be hosted by U.K. journalist and preeminent YES expert , Jon Kirkman .
Beyond the sun , fun and exquisite dining , there will be artist/cruiser photo experiences , Q & A sessions , special theme nightsand other events designed to optimize the artist/fan experience . This year will once again feature the unprecedented CTTE Late Night Live , where fans can sign up to showcase their own musical talents in four different performance scenarios : Late Night Live Pro Jam , guests are invited to play with a headline act ; Artist 's Choice , featuring fans and Prog legends performing together ; The Main Event , where guests can shine with fellow Late Night Live musicians and Overtime Jam , where guests can choose a song to be featured in a late-night jam .
Royal Caribbean 's Brilliance Of The Seas features acres of glass enclosing a nine-story central atrium , elevators facing the sea , and floor-to-ceiling windows throughout . Passengers can enjoy the tranquil Solarium pool , recharge at VitalitySM Spa , or reach new heights climbing the signature rock-climbing wall . When the sun goes down , the night heats up with epic prog performances on stages throughout the vessel . Combined with some of the best food and service afloat , Cruise to the Edge is truly the greatest prog-rock show on earth and is a can't-miss event for prog enthusiasts throughout the world .
Click here for official cruise merchandise . For more info , visit CruiseToTheEdge.com and follow @ cruisetotheedge on Facebook and Twitter .
Share . Plus , Lana attacks Naomi , Dean Am-BEAR-ose ambushes Miz , and are Bayley and Corey Graves in love ? Plus , Lana attacks Naomi , Dean Am-BEAR-ose ambushes Miz , and are Bayley and Corey Graves in love ?
After taking a brief break from wrapping up wrestling last week , I realized `` Hey , it 's been a while since I 've NOT wrapped up wrestling . '' Now I 'm a bit thrown . Now I 'm all `` How do I even wrap up all the wrestling ? '' I 'm sure I 'll figure it out as we move along here , but this may be a bumpy flight .
Basically , not much has changed in a week , which should n't be big of a surprise to anyone . My headline this week is - shocker ! - pretty much the same as it was going to be last Wednesday .
Last week , I would have gone more into depth about Joe 's amazing segment with Heyman and that close intimate threat of physical pain followed by the actual physical pain and how awesome that was and how I really , REALLY wanted it to become a hallmark for Joe . As in , from now until Great Balls , I wanted Joe to have squash matches with jobbers that would start with them backing them into a corner and then explaining , in detail , all the horrible things they were about to do to them . That was my heart 's fondest wish .
But RAW then ended with Joe facing Seth Freakin ' Frakin ' Flippin ' Dippin ' Rollins and , basically , eking out a win . Yeah , they won with the Clutch , but it came after a Bray MLEHP BLEHP distraction . That 's not what Joe needed to prove their dominance heading into a Lesnar match . So my dreams , as usual , were quickly roasted over an open spit .
But then , this week , the opening segment was aces once again . I am surreally excited for Joe vs. Brock . Yes , Joe will most likely lose , but how they lose and in what fashion , time , and measure , can have a huge affect on their career . I know I should temper my expectations because this is basically what I was hoping for Ambrose at WrestleMania last year and that fizzled like an earthworm on a summer sidewalk , but I think this might be different .
Ambrose was an underdog in that 'Mania match ( where Brock was said to be lazy and unwilling to do anything that might make the match great and/or memorable ) . Joe is not being treated as such . They are being carried as a force to be reckoned with . This week , Brock was supposed to BEAST out on everyone . Heyman brought them too RAW to unleash them and they got shut down by a tough-as-hell veteran bruiser who people have long wanted to square off against Brock .
Joe went right up into Brock 's face and took the first shot . They even took Brock down with a double-leg at one point . Then there was the cheap shot pull-apart kick to the mush . It was all incredibly awesome . Look , you all know that if Joe somehow wins at Balls , I 'll flip to eff out . My joy will be uncontainable . But I 'm not letting my thoughts tickle that finish too much . My best hope , at this point , is that Joe takes Brock to the limit . And that Brock decides to not be a bored a-hole and lets the match got back and forth in a violent , investable fashion .
Topping that outcome , even , is a world where this match does n't have a definitive finish . Or it does but the result is still that Brock and Joe square off again , making this a two-PPV feud . I know it ca n't really pan out that way since it 'd have to be at SummerSlam ( and Battleground is SmackDown branded ) but if things go well enough in this angle , this arc , I feel like it could totally work as a SummerSlam main event in Brooklyn . I suppose the ball is in both Braun Strowman and Samoa Joe 's court . Will Strowman be back in time ? And if they are , will Joe have made so much of an impression that they get gifted another shot at the title because the fans want it ?
Anyhow , Samoa Joe facing Brock feels real . It feels vital . Legitimate . And , most importantly , fun . It actually makes me wonder how a Brock vs. Braun feud will feel after this since Braun will just be coming after Brock with the same monster-like intensity as Joe . Braun 's also someone who could come out and interrupt a Brock segment , get in their face , and throw the first shot . So Joe almost , by default , makes a Braun feud feel redundant .
It 's funny to me too that Heyman came out and denounced Joe as a punk , as a mutt , because had Joe NOT did what they did , and attacked Heyman , this would be a flat feud . Just like every other Brock feud . Because Brock does n't make anything personal . He 's detached and aloof and nothing feels special about their matches unless the other guy takes it upon themselves to make it special . Part of me wanted Paul to sort of acknowledge that Joe actually made this a great storyline because if things were left up to their client , the entire thing would bore the crowd to tears .
Now , I really want to talk about Lucha Underground being back , but I did n't watch last week 's episode . There are a myriad reasons why . Firstly , I 'm a terrible person who fails at most everything . Secondly , over the past few weeks I 've had to watch full seasons of Master of None , House of Cards , F is For Family , Bloodline , and Orange is the New Black . Clearly , this is no way to live , but nonetheless it 's my reality . Thirdly , I do n't have El Rey anymore so I have to iTunes it . Money in exchange for wrestling product . I 'll get there , but I just do n't have it set up yet .
Whichever excuse you find the least loathsome , I only saw the All Night Long premiere featuring an episode-long match between Johnny Mundo and The Mack . Willie Mack , by the way - freakin ' amazing . Now that WWE 's actively in the business of overlooking body types ? This dude is the s * * * . This was also a nice way to kick off the back half of Season 3 since someone could ( if they had n't caught up with Seasons 1 and 2 on Netflix ) just come in blind . There was only one match to absorb . One storyline , with various players making run-ins . Or dive-ins , as in the case of Sexy Star .
Continue on for more from Lucha Underground , RAW , and SmackDown ...
There are calls for reforms of the courts system , after a finding that only 48 % of drink driving offences resulted in a conviction in the District Court last year .
A report by RTÉ Investigates also revealed major regional differences in prosecution rates for drink driving .
The courts in Co. Westmeath had an 85 % prosecution rate , while in Waterford it was just 34 % .
Meanwhile , 43 % of all District Court summonses were not served in 2015 .
Labour Party justice spokesperson Sean Sherlock says a new approach is needed :
Realistic , political , controversial and discerningly philosophical are four character traits in modern design that Miloni Vora most identifies with and their recent collection is fulfilling of this inherent tendency . Brought up in a household of textile merchants ; appreciation for artisans and tradition has been a deep-rooted love affair for designer Miloni Vora . Them panache to keeping traditional Indian roots breathing is well depicted in their designs as they launch first collection . Vora , in their latest collection has drawn inspiration from the traditional textile techniques that are found in their parents native village in Gujarat and has beautifully blended them with contemporary silhouettes .
The central tenants of their design philosophy lie in understanding the timeliness of craft and considering the collective implications of the market on the way our arts and crafts sustain . Sensitive to the past and reflective of the future their collection incorporates a subtle balance between organic motifs and structured silhouettes .
Vora endeavors to modernize traditional classic womenswear by combining innovative techniques like laser cutting and etching with traditional artisanal techniques . The usage of recycled wool , organic cottons and raw silks further enhances the image of the urbane conscious consumer . Through their designs , they bring consumers chic , urbane , and accessible designs adorned with quirky motifs , seamless lines , and effortless contours . If you have never witnessed a melting pot of indigenous designs , you need to see Vora 's textile designs . Despite their precarious nature , crafts still survive as they represent their makers identity and culture . It is this very authenticity that Miloni thrives to preserve . Crafts are the vehicles of our cultural identity , passed on from generation to generation and the means of livelihood for numerous artisan communities .
Vora continues to build on their understanding of the intricately connected world we inhabit . Using modern technology , mainstream market experience , and a vision for a more appreciative and conscious world , ‘ Miloni Vora ' is the emerging collaborative energy .
MILONI VORA 'S COLLECTION EMBODIES THE TRUE ESSENCE OF WESTERN INDIA
Organic , earthy and fluid are traits that best describe Miloni Vora 's love affair with textiles . With a strong sense of their native Indian state of Gujarat , alongside time spent in urban cities like London , Paris and New York , Vora endeavors to marry tradition with modernity .
A recent graduate of Parsons School of Design , Vora focuses on materiality and innovative fabrics . They incorporate traditional artisanal techniques Aari , Bandhini and Kantha , to enhance the quality , durability and feel of their textiles . Time consuming , intricate yet easy , Vora 's textiles correspond to their silhouette . Envisioning the modern women as both whimsical and practical , the surface treatment is understated yet thoughtful . Subtle use of pastels , sheers and grays dominate much of the color palette . The textiles themselves are a melting pot of indigenous techniques . Combining
modern speciality machines , knowledge with the sound understanding of complex handwork , the end product is idiosyncratic of their design philosophy- chic , urbane , accessible .
Empowering the modern artisan is a continual challenge of Vora 's eponymous design label . Having been raised in a family of textile merchants , the appreciation of the craftsmanship is integral to their body of work . Providing consumers the transparency of the production cycle is a key component of the design practice . Making consumers aware of the instability , insecurity and frameless economic nature of this underbelly of the design sector is critical towards understanding why certain techniques are used over others in the collection . The lack of social welfare , irregular wages and a subsequent decline in pursuing these crafts has contributed to the dwindling cycle of refined handwork . The comprehension of this vicious cycle of consumer ignorance and artisan helplessness is thus key to understanding the necessity to preserve age-old artisan techniques . These techniques are not just of heritage value , but of socio-economic value too . They empower people with skills , consumers with choice , and the global fashion industry with alternatives . Yet , their worth is undermined , and their production exploited . Vora tries to embody just the opposite .
Apart from the geopolitical framework of their textiles , Vora tries to gage the psyche of the millennial consumer . The usage of quirky motifs enhances the playful nature of this dialogue . The seamless lines and effortless contours further contribute to consumer accessibility . But , above all it is the materiality that ties in the ephemeral with the timeless .
The contemporary usage of techniques transforms tradition to relevance , and these dying arts into beacons of longing legacy .
Many important proteins in the human body need iron-sulfur clusters , tiny structures made of iron and sulfur atoms , in order to function correctly . Researchers at the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) , the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) and the University of Kentucky have discovered that disruptions in the construction of iron-sulfur clusters can lead to the buildup of fat droplets in certain cells . These findings , which will be published in the May 25 issue of the Journal of Biological Chemistry , provide clues about the biochemical causes of conditions like nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and clear cell renal carcinoma .
`` Iron-sulfur clusters are delicate and susceptible to damage within the cell , '' said Daniel Crooks , the postdoctoral fellow who led the new study . `` For this reason , the cells in our body are constantly building new iron-sulfur clusters . ''
Crooks began studying the enzymes that build iron-sulfur clusters during their graduate studies in Tracey Rouault 's lab at the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development of the NIH . Mutations in one of these enzymes can cause ISCU myopathy , a hereditary condition in which patients , despite seeming strong and healthy , can not exercise for more than a short time without feeling pain and weakness .
Therefore , it was clear to Crooks that lifelong deficiency of iron-sulfur clusters caused profound changes in how cells processed energy . But they wondered exactly what happened in a cell in the first moments after something went wrong with iron-sulfur cluster production . Which of the many proteins that need iron-sulfur clusters were affected first , and what effect did this have on cell metabolism ?
Crooks developed experimental methods to abruptly stop iron-sulfur clusters from being manufactured in cells and to monitor what happens to how these cells process glucose . Ordinarily , over a series of metabolic steps , cells would convert glucose into energy . But without iron-sulfur clusters , an enzyme called aconitase that carries out one of the steps in this process does n't work . As a result , the cells quickly accumulated an intermediate metabolic product called citrate , which was eventually converted into droplets of fat .
Over-accumulation of fats in tissues where they 're not normally found is a hallmark of numerous diseases , including nonalcoholic fatty liver disease , a risk factor for cirrhosis and liver cancer . These findings suggest that this state could be caused by failures of iron-sulfur cluster production , for example due to cellular stressors or toxin exposure .
`` We 're hoping that the people who are working so hard on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease will find our paper helpful to their research , '' Rouault said .
Crooks , working in the laboratory of surgeon and scientist W. Marston Linehan at NCI , is now examining the role of iron-sulfur cluster formation and aconitase function in cancers , for example clear cell carcinomas . Various cancers are often characterized by excessive fat accumulation in cells . In fact , this accumulation of lipid droplets is where clear cell carcinomas get their name : when a slice of a such a tumor is fixed on a slide and its proteins are stained , the large areas of lipid accumulation in the cells look transparent .
`` We really want to look at the beginnings of cancer ... to understand whether the lipids were formed from glucose or other fuels and whether the lipids are important for pathogenesis , or whether they 're just bystanders that form in response to metabolic reprogramming which is likely to include disruption of iron sulfur protein activities , '' Crooks said .
# # #
About the Journal of Biological Chemistry
JBC is a weekly peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes research `` motivated by biology , enabled by chemistry '' across all areas of biochemistry and molecular biology . The read the latest research in JBC , visit http : //www . jbc . org/ .
About the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Rasual Butler and Leah LaBelle ‘ s memorial service has been announced by the late NBA star 's only child .
Their daughter , Raven Butler , shared the details of the gathering on Instagram Friday with a photo of the invite that read : “ Please join Rasual Butler and Lean LaBelle 's family and close friends as we celebrate their lives with a memorial service . ”
It will be held on Saturday , Feb. 3 at Potter 's House , the Los Angeles Christian church where Butler and LaBelle were longtime members . The church 's Thursday night service was streamed online and dedicated in their memory .
Individual services are to be held in Butler 's hometown of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and LaBelle 's former residence of Seattle , Washington .
“ Come celebrate , ” Raven captioned the picture along with a red heart emoji .
Rasual Butler and Leah LaBelle in July 2015 Gabe Ginsberg/Getty
Butler , 38 , and LaBelle , 31 , were killed in a single car crash in the early Wednesday in Studio City , California . At around 2 a.m. , Butler reportedly lost control of their Range Rover , struck a parking meter and flipped before slamming into a wall . The couple was pronounced dead at the scene .
Police officers believe that Butler 's car was speeding before it lost control , according to TMZ . The Los Angeles County coroner 's department confirmed Butler 's identity to PEOPLE .
Come Celebrate❤️ . A post shared by Raven Svèa☪️ ( @ ray.svea ) on Feb 2 , 2018 at 2:56pm PST
NBA athletes and celebrity fans paid tribute to Rasual , who played for the Heat , Hornets , Clippers , Bulls , Raptors , Pacers , Wizards and Spurs from 2002 to 2016 .
LaBelle was a contestant on the third season of American Idol , where they came competed against Fantasia Barrino and Jennifer Hudson , placing in 12th in 2004 .
Just days before their death , Butler praised their daughter and expressed their love for them in a dedication shared on Instagram .
“ Her Aura , spirit , style , creativity , intellect , passion and understanding for their age is a beautiful thing to watch as a very proud father ! They understand things about being solid many adults struggle with ! ” the father of one wrote .
“ @ ray.svea I Love you with every single element of human anatomy that allows me to be here in the physical as your father , friend , partner and inspiration for everything driving me to be the ultimate best version of me , ” they concluded .
March 30 ( Reuters ) -
* David Baazov -disposed 12 million Amaya shares at an average price of $ 22.31 per share representing about 8.2 % of issued and outstanding common shares ( corrects typo )
* David baazov announced that on March 29 , 2017 and March 30 , 2017 they disposed of ownership of 12 million common shares of Amaya Inc
* David Baazov- after giving effect to disposition , Baazov owns 5.6 million common shares , representing about 3.8 % of issued and outstanding common shares of co Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Children of obese parents may be at risk for developmental delays , according to a study by researchers at the National Institutes of Health . The investigators found that children of obese mothers were more likely to fail tests of fine motor skill -- the ability to control movement of small muscles , such as those in the fingers and hands . Children of obese fathers were more likely to fail measures of social competence , and those born to extremely obese couples also were more likely to fail tests of problem-solving ability .
The study , appearing in Pediatrics , was conducted by scientists at the NIH 's Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development ( NICHD ) .
`` The previous U.S. studies in this area have focused on the mothers ' pre- and post-pregnancy weight , '' said the study 's first author , Edwina Yeung , Ph.D. , an investigator in NICHD 's Division of Intramural Population Health Research . `` Our study is one of the few that also includes information about fathers , and our results suggest that dad 's weight also has significant influence on child development . ''
Dr. Yeung and their coauthors cited research indicating that about 1 in 5 pregnant women in the United States is overweight or obese .
In the study , authors reviewed data collected from the Upstate KIDS study , which originally sought to determine if fertility treatments could affect child development from birth through age 3 . More than 5,000 women enrolled in the study roughly 4 months after giving birth in New York State ( excluding New York City ) between 2008 and 2010 . To assess development , parents completed the Ages and Stages Questionnaire after performing a series of activities with their children . The test is n't used to diagnose specific disabilities , but serves as a screen for potential problems , so that children can be referred for further testing .
Children in the study were tested at 4 months of age and retested 6 more times through age 3 . When they enrolled , mothers also provided information on their health and weight -- before and after pregnancy -- and the weight of their partners .
Compared to children of normal weight mothers , children of obese mothers were nearly 70 percent more likely to have failed the test indicator on fine motor skill by age 3 . Children of obese fathers were 75 percent more likely to fail the test 's personal-social domain -- an indicator of how well they were able to relate to and interact with others by age 3 . Children with two obese parents were nearly three times more likely to fail the test 's problem-solving section by age 3 .
It is not known why parental obesity might increase children 's risk for developmental delay . The authors note that animal studies indicate that obesity during pregnancy may promote inflammation , which could affect the fetal brain . Less information is available on the potential effects of paternal obesity on child development . The authors added that some studies have indicated that obesity could affect the expression of genes in sperm .
If the link between parental obesity and developmental delays is confirmed , the authors wrote , physicians may need to take parental weight into account when screening young children for delays and early interventional services .
# # #
About the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development ( NICHD ) : NICHD conducts and supports research in the United States and throughout the world on fetal , infant and child development ; maternal , child and family health ; reproductive biology and population issues ; and medical rehabilitation . For more information , visit NICHD 's website .
Whether it 's a new idea that needs money to start , or an existing business that needs money to grow , there are a lot of funding options that do n't require sharing ownership with investors .
Do n't get me wrong ; I am an angel investor , a member of a group of us in Oregon . I 'm not saying anything against the investors . But the fact is that taking in investment means sharing ownership and having new co-owners . You no longer own the business yourself . Even if you manage to bring in investors without losing majority control , all shareholders have rights . Your decisions are no longer your own .
Crowdfunding has finally , after years of delay , started . It was allowed by the JOBS Act of 2012 , but required detailed regulations that are still coming slowly . If it goes well—the results are n't in yet—it may offer another way to get investment for a business to start or grow . But it is still investment , which means shared ownership .
Funding from family and friends is also investment , and means distributed ownership amongst those parties . Friends and family funding normally means smaller amounts , contributed by individuals or groups a business owner or entrepreneur already knows .
But what are the other options ? There are a lot of other ways to get some working capital and fund your business , without sharing the ownership .
Not All Businesses Need Funding
The common assumption that all businesses need funding is simply wrong . Millions of service businesses do n't require expensive assets and startup expenses to get going . The consultant , graphic artist , bookkeeper , and freelance writer , to name a few , can start a business without anything but expertise and a first client .
A variety of professionals , such as doctors , lawyers , architects , and accountants , need years of schooling , licenses , and certifications prior to launching and seeking funding for their business . Oftentimes , these professionals spend money on office space , office equipment , logos , websites , and branding—but they do n't have to initially .
For a lot of these businesses , what they need to start is a first client . Additional money is nice , but not needed .
The best financing is early sales .
I know of several people who turned to Kickstarter to successfully raise money from pre-sales . Where I live , there 's a healthy yoghurt business that raised $ 20,000 for startup equipment by offering bundles of future purchases at an attractive discount through Kickstarter . There 's also a healthy juice food cart that gave cloth shopping bags and pre-paid collections of juices ( to be redeemed later , after the cart opened ) to customers , before opening , to get funds to buy and outfit the cart . I even prepaid a book over Kickstarter to get an autographed copy when it finally came out .
I mention Kickstarter because it 's the biggest and most well-known crowdfunding platform , but it 's not the only site providing ways to let people pre-buy product or services to facilitate early capital . You can also research Indiegogo , Rockethub , and many more that are cropping up . The idea is giving people incentives in order that they buy products and services that are n't yet available . Then startups can borrow money based on the commitments made over these sites .
Pre-ordering or pre-sales are n't confined to such platforms . Even before the web , it was possible for a startup to get early money from a future customer , sometimes , by offering the right deal . For example , I know of a deal between a software company and a magazine , in which the magazine committed to buying 1,000 units of a software product before they were available . And sometimes a pre-order or pre-sale will help finance the development of a product or service . That 's unusual , but it happens .
And some businesses can focus on the low-hanging fruit in the business to get revenues quickly , and use the early revenues to fund later growth . The most obvious example is the person who rents a food cart and starts serving customers , then uses the money from successful food cart sales to eventually contract a location and open the full restaurant .
Bank Loans
Banks do n't invest in business plans . Banking law prohibits banks risking depositors ' money on a business plan .
Still , banks are nonetheless one of the most common sources of business financing . How can that be ? Because small business owners borrow from banks , using personal assets like home equity , to finance their businesses . My wife and I had liens on our house for years because we were using a bank credit line to finance our software business . A business that has been around for a few years generates enough stability and assets to serve as collateral . Banks commonly make loans to small businesses backed by the company 's inventory or accounts receivable . Normally there are formulas that determine how much can be loaned , depending on how much is in inventory and in accounts receivable .
One of the most popular functions of the Small Business Administration ( SBA ) is to help fill the financing gaps for small businesses by guaranteeing loans that a lender makes to small businesses that they would otherwise not be able to finance . The SBA guarantees up to 85 percent of a business loan to support the business and offset risk to the bank . The majority of SBA loans are applied for and administered by local banks ; however credit unions , non-profit lenders , and other lenders may also participate to provide SBA guaranteed loans . Your primary point of contact will be with a local lender throughout the process .
For startup loans , lenders participating in SBA 's programs will normally require an equity injection ( investment ) from the applicant small business in addition to any financing that the bank would provide . SBA does not have a minimum requirement for equity , and participating lenders apply reasonable and prudent standards based on the business 's ability to repay the proposed loan . Depending on the size of the loan , the lender must consider collateral such as any asset being financed with proceeds , other business and personal assets for collateral . Delegated Lenders participating in SBA programs can take as little as three days to approve an SBA-guaranteed loan to an eligible small business . If your own bank is n't an approved SBA lender , you may contact your local SBA District Office ( in every state ) to request a list of participating lenders , or access additional information at www.sba.gov .
Non-Bank Business Loans
Aside from standard bank loans , an established small business can also turn to accounts receivable specialists to borrow against its accounts receivables .
The most common accounts receivable financing is used to support cash flow when working capital is hung up in accounts receivable . For example , if your business sells to distributors that take 60 days to pay , and the outstanding invoices waiting for payment ( but not late ) come to $ 100,000 , your company can probably borrow more than $ 50,000 . Interest rates and fees may be relatively high , but this is still often a good source of small business financing . In most cases , the lender does n't take the risk of payment—if your customer does n't pay you , you have to pay the money back anyhow . These lenders will often review your debtors , and choose to finance some or all of the invoices outstanding .
Another related business practice is called factoring . So-called factors actually purchase obligations , so if a customer owes you $ 100,000 you can sell the related paperwork to the factor for some percentage of the total amount . In this case , the factor takes the risk of payment , so discounts are obviously quite steep . Ask your banker for additional information about factoring .
In addition , equipment manufacturers often offer their own financing for major purchases . This is similar to a car loan to fund the purchase of a business van . It 's also common with equipment for restaurant kitchens , shrink wrapping , and other businesses .
Words of Warning
Never , never spend somebody else 's money without first doing the legal work properly . Have the papers done by professionals , and make sure they 're signed .
Never , never spend money that has been promised but not delivered . Often companies get investment commitments and contract for expenses , and then the investment falls through . Avoid turning to friends and family for investment . The worst possible time to not have the support of friends and family is when your business is in trouble . You risk losing friends , family , and your business at the same time .
Summary
Most businesses are financed by home equity or savings as they start . Only a few can attract outside investment . Investor deals are extremely rare . Borrowing will always depend on collateral and guarantees , not on business plans or ideas .
Source : SBA
Monday on A Juneau Afternoon , Laury Scandling hosts .
We 'll hear the third episode of the Midnight Oil podcast from Alaska 's Energy Desk – about the Trans Alaska Pipeline and how it shaped the state .
And we 'll talk with the King of Alaskan Seafood .
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The expert group investigating the former mother and baby home site in Tuam is being advised by an international authority on the excavation of human remains .
An extensive geophysical survey was undertaken on site last month .
According to a statement published by the Department of Children , the latest survey consisted of data collection through a variety of non-invasive techniques , over the course of 5 days .
The International Committee of the Red Cross has been consulted by the expert group as a technical examination of the site nears completion .
Extraction and analysis of DNA are among the key issues the group is considering .
The group has also liaised with Tuam Gardai and the coroner for North Galway , as well as the National Monuments Service and Forensic Science Ireland .
Local historian Catherine Corless has estimated that the remains of up to 800 babies could be buried at the site on the Athenry Road .
KNOXVILLE ( WATE ) – Wednesday is not only Flag Day , but the United States Army 's 242nd birthday .
Flag Day , commemorates the adoption of the flag of the United States , which happened on June 14 , 1777 . Most people celebrate Flag Day by flying red , white and blue in front of their homes and businesses , but some communities hold parades and special ceremonies to show people how to properly care for the flag .
Congress is also the U.S. Army 's 242nd birthday . Congress adopted the army on June 14 , 1775 . Today the U.S. Army has over 1.1 million soldiers and 400,000 civilians and contract employees . The Army has 158 installations worldwide and it is were a city , it would represent the fourth largest city in the United States .
How to properly display an American flag
When : You can display the flag outside from sunrise to sunset . If you want to fly it after dark , it will need to be lit . Do n't fly the flag during inclement weather , unless it 's an all-weather flag .
: You can display the flag outside from sunrise to sunset . If you want to fly it after dark , it will need to be lit . Do n't fly the flag during inclement weather , unless it 's an all-weather flag . On the porch : The union of the flag–the blue section with white stars–should be placed at the peak of the staff unless the flag is at half-staff . When the flag is suspended from a rope on a pole extending from a house , the flag should be hoisted out , union first , from the building .
: The union of the flag–the blue section with white stars–should be placed at the peak of the staff unless the flag is at half-staff . When the flag is suspended from a rope on a pole extending from a house , the flag should be hoisted out , union first , from the building . On the wall or the window : When the flag is displayed on a flat surface like a wall , the union should be at the top left .
: When the flag is displayed on a flat surface like a wall , the union should be at the top left . On the street : The flag should be suspended vertically with the union to the north in an east and west street or to the east in a north and south street . The flag should never touch anything beneath it , so make sure it 's hoisted at the proper height .
: The flag should be suspended vertically with the union to the north in an east and west street or to the east in a north and south street . The flag should never touch anything beneath it , so make sure it 's hoisted at the proper height . At the office : Suspend the flag vertically with the union to the observer 's left upon entering . If the building has more than one main entrance , the flag should be suspended vertically near the center of the corridor or lobby with the union to the north when entrances are to the east and west , or to the east when entrances are to the north and south . If there are entrances in more than two directions , the union should be to the east .
: Suspend the flag vertically with the union to the observer 's left upon entering . If the building has more than one main entrance , the flag should be suspended vertically near the center of the corridor or lobby with the union to the north when entrances are to the east and west , or to the east when entrances are to the north and south . If there are entrances in more than two directions , the union should be to the east . On a vehicle : The staff should be fixed firmly on the right side of the vehicle . Do not drape the flag over the hood , top , sides , or back of a vehicle or a boat .
: The staff should be fixed firmly on the right side of the vehicle . Do not drape the flag over the hood , top , sides , or back of a vehicle or a boat . Half-staff : During periods of mourning , it is common to see the flag flying at half-staff . Only presidents can proclaim such periods for a national remembrance . Governors can also declare mourning periods at a local level . In some cases , heads of federal agencies can order the flag flown at half-staff on grounds under their supervision . Traditionally , states and local governments follow the president 's proclamation during a period of national mourning
Take care of your flag . Many dry cleaners will clean U.S. flags for free during the months of June and July .
Store your flag in a well-ventilated area . If it gets wet , make sure it 's completely dry before storing it . If the flag is damaged or worn out , it should be burned and disposed of with dignity .
Tennesseans may purchase a flag that has been flown over the U.S. Capitol . This is a service offered by local U.S. representatives of senators .
Request a flag through :
St. Louis Fed President James Bullard speaks about the U.S. economy during an interview in New York February 26 , 2015 . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK The Federal Reserve could pause interest rate hikes when it begins shedding its bond holdings , a move that would have little effect on financial markets , St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said on Friday .
`` It 's a possibility that you 'd pause on the rate hike and end the reinvestment program , '' Bullard told reporters , adding the Fed could be ready to put out a plan for shrinking its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet by the second half of this year . `` I think it would have relatively minor effects on the market yields , '' they added .
( Reporting by Jonathan Spicer ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
Karen Kelso 's cats love nothing more than going for a ride to the shops — the only difference is they prefer to sit on the roof of the vehicle . With a steely grip and a long tail for balance , the cats sit on the roof of Ms Kelso 's blue Ford Focus . Ms Kelso said they had trained all five of their cats with a whistle .
They have been training them commands from a young age and found that they naturally grew towards sitting on the roof .
They encouraged it and now they are comfortable enough for them to drive slowly and while they shop they stay guard on the car .
Them tiger-patterned cat Merf loves the occasional trip out of the house .
They began training their five cats from when they were kittens . They said the cats know not to wander from the vehicle when they head out of the house and either sit on the bonnet of the vehicle or underneath .
A single dose of primaquine is thought to stop people with P. falciparum malaria infecting mosquitoes , which could help bring down malaria transmission . In this Cochrane Review update prepared by an international team of researchers and co-ordinated through the Cochrane infectious Diseases Group ( link is external ) ( CIDG ) based at LSTM , the researchers added recent data to examine this question . Their findings are relevant to the global recommendation by the World Health Organization that mini-primaquine be given to all people unwell with malaria in areas where transmission is low to reduce transmission further .
In these new trials , researchers test infectivity of people by getting mosquitoes to feed on people or their blood and then measuring whether the mosquitoes become infected with malaria . For the currently recommended dose of 0.25 mg/kg , the calculations across 3 trials with 105 participants show the percentage of people infectious 2 to 3 days after treatment is reduced from 14 % of people in the control group to 2 % in the primaquine group . A little later , a week after the treatment had been started , the absolute effect was smaller- with 4 % infectious in the control group and 1 % in the primaquine group . This shows that primaquine does reduce transmission-but it may not be to the extent that people had hoped for .
Many potentially infectious people with malaria are asymptomatic , so few would seek treatment . The question of whether a partial reduction in infectiousness for a few days would materially affect the community malaria burden is still unanswered , although malaria modelers have generally concluded that the increased impact would be marginal .
Dr Patricia Graves from James Cook University in Cairns , Australia is first author on the review . They said : `` The trials show infectiousness is reduced with low dose primaquine , but the effects were relatively modest and short lived . We also do not know if this then would have any effect on malaria transmission at community level . Given the current evidence , it might be better for policymakers to concentrate on other approaches to help reduce transmission '' .
# # #
Access the full-text open access article here ( link is external ) :
Graves PM , Choi L , Gelband H , Garner P. Primaquine or other 8-aminoquinolines for reducing Plasmodium falciparum transmission . Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews 2018 , Issue 2 . Art . No . : CD008152 . DOI : 10.1002/14651858.CD008152.pub5 .
This Cochrane Review update was co-ordinated by the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group ( CIDG ) , which has its editorial base at the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine . The CIDG has been in operation since 1994 and consists of over 600 authors from 52 countries . Co-ordination is from the CIDG editorial base , which is funded by UK aid from the UK Government for the benefit of developing countries ( Grant : 5242 ) .
CBS Local — The window for some PlayStation 3 owners to cash in on a 2016 settlement is about to close . Owners of the original “ fat ” PS3 have until April 15 to submit a claim with Sony that could be worth up to $ 65 .
According to the settlement filed in October 2016 , Sony agreed to pay PS3 owners $ 3.75 million after being accused of false advertising by some users . The original gaming machines came with an “ OtherOS ” feature which allowed owners to “ partition their PS3 's hard drive and install Linux on it , ” according to Polygon . When it was first introduced the PS3 was marketed and used by some owners — including the U.S. Air Force — as a computer because of this ability .
By April 2010 , Sony pulled the “ OtherOS ” ability from machines citing security concerns . A small group of “ fat ” PS3 owners then sued PlayStation 's parent company for allegedly breaking the warranty of the machines .
Who can make a claim against Sony ?
According to the settlement 's website , owners who purchased a PS3 from Nov. 1 , 2006 , to April 1 , 2010 and legally swear to knowing the system had the “ OtherOS ” feature and claim their machine lost value when Sony pulled it are eligible .
Users who file a claim will need to provide the machine 's serial number ( found on the back of the console ) , or their email used to create their PlayStation online account .
WILDCATS captain Damian Martin has labelled opposing skipper Brendan Teys ' brawl-sparking foul a “ non-basketball play ” but has urged their teammates to keep their emotions in check for today 's potentially fiery rematch in Adelaide .
It comes as all players involved in Friday night 's scuffle were cleared by the league to take part in today 's grudge match , despite Teys and Perth 's Dexter Kernich-Drew being cited for unduly rough play .
Lucas Walker and Shannon Shorter will both have cases to answer after leaving their respective benches to head toward the fight , while a further eight players were reported for engaging in the melee . The NBL will decide on penalties after today 's game .
Martin said they were disappointed at Teys ' crude foul on Perth development player Lochlan Cummings in the final seconds of the Cats ' 111-90 blowout win , which sparked a heavy Kernich-Drew bump in retaliation .
“ The Teys foul was uncalled for , and Dexter reacted according to seeing their development player teammate get hit in a non-basketball play , ” Martin said .
“ I 'm a big believer in what happens on the court stays on the court , and I do n't think anything crossed the line .
“ Dexter responded in the way I 'd expect any of my teammates to if they saw that . I have no qualms with how they handled it . ”
Martin revealed why star guard Bryce Cotton became particularly incensed on Perth 's bench as the scuffle played out .
Cotton had to be restrained by teammates and training staff as they looked to make their way out onto the court .
“ He copped a couple of shots ( during the game ) that they are n't happy with , ” Martin said of Cotton .
“ Particularly , they shot a free-throw and one guy has gone to try and box them out and gone straight for their knee , and stuff that are n't basketball plays .
“ I think when they saw that ( the Teys foul ) , it was the icing on the cake . ”
Martin , who plays their 250th Wildcats game today , said the rematch would be a test of both teams ' mental toughness .
“ Playing with emotion is n't a bad thing , but you 've got to make sure you play with the right type , and one that 's not going to derail you from being able to implement the team goals , ” they said .
“ We know it 's going to make for an incredible atmosphere , and hopefully , the guys can channel the emotion in the right direction .
“ The last thing we want is to go over there , wait for the first foul to be given , and react .
“ Right now we 're battling it out for second spot on the ladder , and that 's much more important than trying to win any fight that carries over from Friday night . ”
Perth will officially seal a playoff berth for the 32nd straight season with a win , or an Illawarra loss to New Zealand in the day 's other game .
One day after Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy announced their retirement , a group calling itself Demand Justice staged a rally outside the court 's front steps .
Activists who said they support civil rights and abortion rights mixed with Democratic senators . They were angry that , after declining to convene a vote on President Barack Obama 's nominee for the court , the Republican Senate majority leader now is set to confirm the second justice nominated by President Trump .
`` Mitch McConnell , shame on you , the people deserve a say too , '' the protesters chanted .
Sara Chieffo brought along their tiny daughter , Lucy . Chieffo said they were demonstrating because of the implications for American law during their child 's lifetime .
`` We need a Supreme Court justice that 's going to uphold the values of our democracy , enforce our nation 's laws that protect their health , the clean air and the clean water they need to thrive . There 's so much at stake here , '' Chieffo said . `` It 's why we 're here this morning . Being a D.C. kid , there 's a lot to protest these days . ''
In fact , it was baby Lucy 's second protest , Chieffo said ; they brought them last year to oppose Trump 's first Supreme Court pick , Neil Gorsuch . But Gorsuch was confirmed without much trouble in 2017 , after the Senate voted to change its rules and clear the way for Supreme Court justices to win approval based on a simple 51-vote majority .
That shift will make it more difficult than it might once have been for Democrats to try to derail Trump 's next nominee .
Brian Fallon used to work for the top Democrat in the U.S. Senate , Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York . Now Fallon runs Demand Justice , a 12-person start-up operation housed in a shared work space a block away from the White House .
`` We do not have a majority of Democrats in the Senate , that is true , '' Fallon said . `` But we do have a majority in the Senate on the two key issues that we think will define the fight : We do have a majority in the Senate that think Roe v Wade should not be overturned . And we do have a majority of votes in the Senate that think the Affordable Care Act should not be gutted . ''
The challenge for opponents , Fallon said , is motivating grassroots communities interested in those issues to engage over the Supreme Court vacancy — and to do it in a hurry .
To start , they 're running TV ads in states including Maine , Alaska , West Virginia , Indiana and North Dakota , to reach the constituents of key senators .
Long odds
Demand Justice is just five months old , and it faces some long odds .
Conservative groups that support the president 's judges are expected to out-spend opponents by millions of dollars . Carrie Severino is a former clerk for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and policy director of the conservative Judicial Crisis Network .
`` Judges are forever , '' Severino said . `` They 're not really forever , they 're for life . But that is almost the same thing here . This is a generational impact and will affect how everything the president even does on the executive order front , regulations , legislation , is interpreted and applied going forward . ''
Severino pointed out that conservative voters unite around the issue of judges , but it 's harder for Democrats .
Consider this : A few weeks ago , before the newest Supreme Court vacancy , Demand Justice conducted a focus group in Columbus , Ohio . Ten Democratic-leaning women sat around a table , eating snacks and chatting about their community .
Several of the women worried about Trump 's tweets and about new restrictions on clinics that perform abortions . Then , the moderator interjected : `` So , let 's talk a little bit about Anthony Kennedy . Is everyone familiar with who they are ? ''
One participant said they did n't know , so the moderator asked for a show of hands . Few of them went up in the air .
Fallon , who runs Demand Justice , said women in that focus group got more motivated once they understood that Kennedy was considered the high court 's swing vote on abortion rights .
Chris Kang , the chief counsel for Demand Justice , helped President Obama usher their Supreme Court picks through the Senate . They said Democrats tend to operate in issue silos , with people organizing around reproductive rights or issues related to lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender peoples ' rights .
`` What we are here to do is try to break it down for everybody so that they understand , no matter what the issue that you care about , at the end of the day , it always comes down to the courts , '' Kang said .
Now the group wants to find a way to communicate that message more broadly — and to do it by August , when the hearings for Kennedy 's replacement are likely to begin .
Trump is expected to announce their nominee for the high court on Monday .
THE City of Perth has been told to install sirens across the CBD and surrounding areas to warn people of an emergency such as a terrorist attack in a damning analysis of its emergency management plan .
A report by emergency management consultant Sharna Sumpton , commissioned by the council and tabled in State Parliament , found the council 's plan to evacuate hundreds of thousands of people was outdated and exposed it to a “ large risk ” .
In a separate submission to the parliamentary inquiry investigating the protection of crowds in WA , St John Ambulance revealed its officers would be unable to help people injured in a “ hostile environment ” until the culprit was apprehended .
The potential flaws in the ability to respond to emergencies came as 10 people were killed by a man driving a minivan in Toronto , Canada , and ahead of today 's Anzac Day commemorations .
In their 2016 report , Ms Sumpton found the counci 's “ management of people plan ” was outdated and needed review .
“ The City of Perth faces large risks by the sheer number of people who are either visiting , residing or attending events who may be exposed to emergencies that occur , ” they said in the report .
“ A clear , separate plan for the evacuation of large volumes of people within the central business district is required to support the emergency services organisations and the city during the response and recovery phases of an emergency . ”
Ms Sumpton recommended that several types of warning systems be installed .
“ The City of Perth should consider several means to warn community members such as sirens in strategic locations , loudspeakers mounted to city vehicles , engaging the use of alert signals through mobile phones and their website and the ABC radio network , ” they said .
Ms Sumpton said specific plans were required to evacuate groups including tourists , homeless people , office workers and public transport users .
Perth chairperson of commissioners Eric Lumsden said people could feel safe in the city . “ A confidential reference guide has been developed by the city and has been released to members of the local emergency management committee , ” they said . “ It can be used in the event of an emergency or incident requiring large-scale evacuation .
“ The City of Perth already has one public address system installed in Perth and other locations are proposed for installation in the near future . ”
St John Ambulance chief executive Tony Ahern said the significant challenge during an incident around deliberate attacks in crowded places was communication between agencies , and identifying the level of threat .
“ St John paramedics are n't trained to operate in a hostile environment and having accurate communication of information to where secure areas have been established are paramount to responder safety and providing treatment to casualties , ” Mr Ahern said .
The organisation 's ambulance service director Anthony Smith said yesterday well-trained paramedics were not equipped to enter “ known hot zones ” , such as where a gunman was active .
“ St John works directly with the police in such circumstances , ” Mr Smith said . “ St John has comprehensive protocols and response mechanisms in the event that a paramedic is , or feels , threatened at any scene they enter . ”
Department of Biodiversity , Conservation and Attractions , which runs Kings Park , said in a submission the Anzac Day dawn service was protected by water barriers , CCTV and police .
March 29 Las Vegas Sands Corp
* Las Vegas Sands Corp - Units entered into a fourth amendment to existing credit agreement dated as of December 19 , 2013
* Las Vegas Sands Corp - Under agreement , term loan lenders will provide refinancing term loans in an aggregate amount of $ 2.18 billion - SEC Filing
* Las Vegas Sands Corp - Amendment agreement extends maturity date of term loans from December 19 , 2020 to March 29 , 2024 Source text : [ bit.ly/2nwI4OM ] Further company coverage :
By Tuesday night , the region will be under a blanket of 10 to 15 cm of snow , Environment Canada predicts .
The flakes that come along with what 's dubbed an Alberta Clipper is expected to hit Eastern Ontario Monday night and taper off Tuesday evening , according to a special weather statement .. Since the forecast is for snow stretching over 24 to 36 hours , it does n't reach the level of a snowfall warning , when 15 cm is expected per 12 hours .
But the weather agency warns nonetheless that drivers should expect poor winter driving conditions , including snow-covered and slippery roads .
Monday 's forecast is for mainly-sunny skies giving way to clouds by late afternoon and a high of -10 C. The snow starts around midnight with 2-4 cm overnight as the temperature stays steady at -10 C .
For Tuesday , expect 10 cm of snow and a high of -6 C then flurries overnight and a low of -11 C .
With # Christmas 15 days away , I 'm predicting # Ottawa will have a white Christmas . # OttWx — YOW Weather Records ( @ YOW_Weather ) December 11 , 2017
More flurries , a high of -11 and a low of -16 C are predicted for Wednesday .
For Thursday , the forecast is for a bit of sun with mix skies , a high of -14 C and a low of -18 C .
Clouds and a 30 per cent chance of flurries are expected for Friday with a high of -11 C and low of -16 C .
The weekend is a wee bit warmer with a high of – 8 C Saturday and -2 C Sunday .
Both days are cloudy with a risk of flurries pegged at 30 per cent Saturday and 40 per cent Sunday .
May 2 Quali-Smart Holdings Ltd :
* Co agreed to issue , and Benefit Global Limited agreed to subscribe for convertible notes with a principal amount of hk $ 80 million
* Convertible notes shall bear interest at simple interest rate of 6 % per annum , payable quarterly in arrears
* Net proceeds from notes issuance will be used for repayment of liabilities , expansion of financial services business under Crosby Group Source text : [ bit.ly/2oTxW6V ] Further company coverage :
Share . Blast processing from the past . Blast processing from the past .
He 's had their fair share of ups , downs , and loop-de-loops , but Sonic has proven to be one of gaming 's most beloved and enduring icons . With Sonic Mania , Sega brings Sonic back to their classic 2D sidescrolling roots , taking direct inspiration from the 16-bit games that originally propelled Sonic and friends to superstardom . Sonic Mania is proof that no matter how much time passes , great gameplay is always in style .
Sonic , Tails , and Knuckles are back to fight Eggman 's forces the best way they know how : running , jumping , spindashing , flying , and gliding their way to victory across twelve zones . You 'll see classic zones from Genesis-era Sonic games , like Chemical Plant , Stardust Speedway , and Lava Reef , alongside all-new areas like Studiopolis and Mirage Saloon . These new zones are particularly impressive : the theming and level design in each is colorful and creative , and I was eager to run around and explore , finding all sorts of challenges ( and Easter eggs ) within . Take , for example , the glittering neon lights and electronic contraptions of Studiopolis , an area themed after a television studio in a big city . One route might have you thrust into the guts of a popcorn machine after being beamed around like a satellite signal , while another will send you speeding through the city 's underground subway passages .
But even the old zones are packed with plenty of new tricks . They 're bigger , more elaborate , and filled with traps and gimmicks both old and new that tickled my nostalgia bone and surprised me . Sonic 2 's Chemical Plant Zone was always been a fun romp filled with high-speed tunnels and ramps , but with the addition of chemical jelly goop that bounces you around and lets you cling to walls , it feels fresh and fun in a whole new way .
“ Even the old zones are packed with plenty of new tricks .
The zones are n't the only things to get an overhaul , either . Reworked Sonic stages look more beautiful than ever , packed with vibrant color and dazzling visual flourishes , while the new zones ' artstyle meshes perfectly with the 2D pixel art of classic Sonic . Everything , down to the smallest of background elements , is more detailed and features more movement than ever before . That goes for the enemies , too -- Eggman 's new “ hard-boiled heavies ” are depicted with lots of quirky personality , making them interesting and unique villains without speaking a shred of dialogue . The soundtrack is also top-notch , packed with remixes of classic Sonic tunes alongside all-new compositions .
Sonic Mania has all the the crucial elements that go into making a great Sonic adventure : big , elaborate stages , responsive controls and movement physics , interesting and engaging tricks and traps , lots of hidden nooks and crannies to discover , and hazards that challenge you to stay alert and act fast . I replayed many of these stages over and over , finding little nuances and secrets that eluded me the first , second , and even fifth time around .
And there is incentive to replay these stages , as there are numerous hidden special levels you 'll need to conquer to collect the Chaos Emeralds and see Sonic Mania 's ‘ true ' ending . In special levels , you chase a UFO through a 3D landscape by collecting speed-enhancing blue spheres and rings . It 's a fun concept , but it can be tough to see barriers that block your way on the ground , and collision detection on some objects seems off . Making matters worse , colliding with a bomb can start a chain reaction that sends you careening uncontrollably into other sets of obstacles , which can make otherwise good runs turn bad very quickly .
Also returning are bonus stages from Sonic 3 , which you 'll find at the checkpoints scattered across the zones . These stages do n't unlock emeralds , but do unlock bonus features once you 've completed a set number of them , like a sound test , a debug mode , and even hidden sub-games . They started out easy , but grew satisfyingly challenging , and completing them all perfectly took quite a bit of time and practice .
Not every throwback to an old Sonic game is welcome , though . Chances are that if there was something you saw in an old Sonic game , it 's in Sonic Mania somewhere -- even if it was n't a particularly good element of an old Sonic game . For example , it 's neat to see a callback to Sonic 2 's Sky Chase Zone , but let 's face it -- the forced autoscrolling and wonky controls in Sky Chase Zone were not very fun then , and they 're still not great now . And that incredibly annoying “ keep the lights on ” mechanic from Sonic 3 's Sandopolis Zone remains just as incredibly annoying 23 years later .
“ Not every throwback to an old Sonic game is welcome , though .
And while the game 's boss fights are generally pretty cool , some of them have a tendency to drag , like the Studiopolis midboss and a revamped version of Sonic 1 's end boss . I know old Sonic games did n't have checkpoints between multiple bosses , but it would n't have hurt to have added them to Sonic Mania . And finally -- Sonic 's new drop dash move ? It 's a little weak and slow , and actually pretty hard to use - I stuck mostly to spindashing . ( Annoyingly , you can unlock options to use the Sonic CD speed-up and the Sonic 3 instant-shield technique instead , but only in a mode that does n't save your progress . )
Sonic Mania brings fans back into the 2D world of platform games with nostalgic pixel-style art and core classic gameplay by re-imagining iconic Zones and Acts from classic Sonic The Hedgehog games and adding in completely new Zones with all-new Acts , and bosses into the mix . Get Deal On PlayStation 4
By Marc Jones
( Reuters ) - Following are five big themes likely to dominate the thinking of investors and traders in the coming week and the Reuters stories related to them .
1/FED UP
It 's a monster week for central bank meetings across the globe .
The third Federal Reserve interest rate rise of the year is due Wednesday , with markets hungry to hear how many more might be in the pipeline for next year while they flatten the yield curve on fears over just how aggressive the FOMC might be .
Fed chair Janet Yellen may well wax lyrical alongside the dot plots , but the fact they wo n't be around to see 2018 through means a certain amount of fog descends . Investors are also trying to figure out just how much gasoline the big Trump tax cuts throw on a nicely blazing economy .
Europe 's top two - the ECB and Bank of England - hold their final meetings of the year on Thursday , though it 's highly unlikely either will rock the boat policy-wise . For the BoE , that 's partly because visibility on the Brexit-bound UK economy stretches only to the end of its nose .
Emerging markets will see the real action . Russia is expected to trim its rates again with inflation there at a record low , but Turkey should and Mexico could go the other way . Indonesia , Colombia , Ukraine and Philippines also hold rate meetings .
2/LOOKING TO THE FUTURES
Bitcoin fans saw the cryptocurrency blast past $ 19,000 and then promptly plunge 20 percent to this week but are salivating over the potential for some longed-for legitimacy when futures trading launches this weekend .
The first Cboe exchange trades should print Sunday night at 2300 GMT ( 6 p.m. EST ) , followed a week later on CME Group 's CME exchange and Nasdaq next year .
Traders are speculating what all this will do to the hyperactive price moves . Since August 2011 , bitcoin has averaged a daily price change of nearly 3 percent , up or down . That compares to less than 0.5 percent for the euro-dollar rate since the euro 's introduction in 1999 .
3/FROM ME TO EU
Britain and the EU reached an 11th-hour deal on Friday covering the Irish border question that allows the second phase of Brexit negotiations , on future trade relations , to proceed . It was a typical European fudge , pushing the tough negotiations on the details of what will be extremely complex trade and regulatory issues into next year .
Sterling initially rallied to a 6-month high against the euro but then slumped , posting its biggest daily fall in two weeks against the euro and three weeks against the dollar . Sterling trading is becoming increasingly choppy - the difference between sterling/dollar volatility and euro/dollar last week was the widest since the UK general election in June .
The pound will remain highly sensitive to Brexit headlines and official commentary next week too despite Friday 's breakthrough . Next up is the EU leaders ' summit in Brussels on Dec. 14-15 .
4/The WEAKEST LINKS
Crunchtime looms for Turkey and South Africa , the emerging market weak links . Turkey 's central bank should deliver at least 100 basis points in policy tightening at its Dec. 14 meeting to counter double-digit inflation and keep foreigners keen on its bonds . Any less and the lira may slide back to record lows against the dollar - it is currently 4 percent off that level
South African markets will likewise be volatile ahead of the ruling ANC party 's Dec. 16-20 conference to elect a new leader . Expectations of a victory for business person Cyril Ramaphosa have lifted South African markets but these gains could reverse should their rival Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma take the lead in polls . The outcome of the vote could determine direction for the rand and central bank policy .
Bond yields in both countries have surged this year in contrast to broader emerging markets where yields are down - average Turkish yields at 12.5 percent are double the emerging market average , while South African bonds pay 9.8 percent .
5/EXERTING SOME DELEVERAGE
China is due to release key data next week including industrial output , retail figures , investment , house prices and the latest loan growth numbers .
The big question most economists and investors are asking about China at the moment is whether Beijing can achieve its main aim of deleveraging - and making the financial sector less risky - but at the same time keep economic growth on its steady glide path .
For EM equities followers there is also the spiralling influence of Tencent and Alibaba which are now so outsized in some of the key global EM stocks indices that the merest sniff of a slowdown in the world 's number two economy could cause trouble .
( Compiled by Marc Jones ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
Back in November I wrote about a GCC patch for the Intel Icelake CPU target and now that code has finally been merged for the GNU Compiler Collection ahead of the upcoming GCC 8.1 release.Theswitch is what 's now supported by GCC if desiring an optimized build catering towards this Intel CPU successor to Cannonlake . The Icelake target implies MOVBE , MMX , SSE , SSE2 , SSE3 , SSSE3 , SSE4.1 , SSE4.2 , POPCNT , PKU , AVX , AVX2 , AES , PCLMUL , FSGSBASE , RDRND , FMA , BMI , BMI2 , F16C , RDSEED , ADCX , PREFETCHW , CLFLUSHOPT , XSAVEC , XSAVES , AVX512F , AVX512VL , AVX512BW , AVX512DQ , AVX512CD , AVX512VBMI , AVX512IFMA , SHA , CLWB , UMIP , RDPID , GFNI , VX512VBMI2 , AVX512VPOPCNTDQ , AVX512BITALG , AVX512VNNI , VPCLMULQDQ , and VAES instruction set extensions .
Icelake continues with the AVX-512 extensions but also adds GFNI support as well as Vector Neural Network Instructions ( VNNI ) .Icelake CPUs are expected to appear likely in 2019 . Besides getting the compiler toolchain changes in place , Intel open-source developers have also already been posting open-source patches for bringing up the `` Gen 11 '' graphics of Icelake , among other Linux kernel enablement work .
Honolulu 's controversial bike sharing program launched five days ago , but it was n't until late Monday afternoon that the bikes became registered with the city -- all one thousand of them .
Honolulu 's controversial bike sharing program launched five days ago , but it was n't until late Monday afternoon that the bikes became registered with the city -- all one thousand of them .
Five days after launch , bikeshare program finally registers bikes with city
Five days after launch , bikeshare program finally registers bikes with city
The numbers for the first week of operation of Honolulu 's new bike sharing service `` Biki '' are in .
The numbers for the first week of operation of Honolulu 's new bike sharing service `` Biki '' are in .
How has Biki 's first week in business been ? Officials report strong numbers
How has Biki 's first week in business been ? Officials report strong numbers
Concerns continue to roll in nearly two weeks after Hawaii launched its new bikeshare program .
Concerns continue to roll in nearly two weeks after Hawaii launched its new bikeshare program .
Concerns still rolling in nearly 2 weeks after bikeshare launch
Concerns still rolling in nearly 2 weeks after bikeshare launch
Bikeshare Hawaii has expanded their Biki program with the addition of 10 more stations .
The new stations were installed and ready for riders Monday as the demand for more Biki stops among users grew .
The new stations can be found in the following areas :
Kakaako/Ala Moana :
Pohukaina Street near UFC Gym
Ward Area :
Ward Village in front of Real Gastropub
Ward Village near the former Sports Authority
Kolowalu Park
Downtown :
Beretania and Punchbowl Streets near Department of Health
Fort Street Mall at King Street
Fort Street Mall at Queen Street
Punchbowl Street near Queen Street
Beretania Street at Isenberg Street
Waikiki :
Kalakaua Avenue between Ohua and Paoakalani Avenues
The new stations bring the total number of Biki stops on Oahu to 99 .
Since the program began in late June , Bikeshare Hawaii says over 75,000 trips have been taken using the more than 1,000 bikes provided .
`` The primary goal of Biki is to provide convenient mobility in urban Honolulu for the vast majority of people who do n't bike now . In many situations , Biki provides a cheaper , healthier , friendlier and faster alternative to driving and parking , '' Bikeshare Hawaii officials said .
The group also says none of the new stations take up public parking spots .
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now . All rights reserved .
( photo : dreamstime )
By Larry Lage , AP Sports Writer
EAST LANSING ( AP ) – The gymnasts danced like no one was watching , a joyous circle of pink-clad young women celebrating a meet with their teammates .
In truth , all eyes seem to be on Michigan State in these troubled days .
There are sharp questions for football coach Mark Dantonio and basketball coach Tom Izzo about allegations of sexual misconduct by their players over the years .
But above all , there is Larry Nassar , the disgraced former sports doctor who is facing the rest of their life in prison for molesting girls and young women under the guise of treatment . Nassar is n't associated with football or basketball . They stand accused of abusing mostly young gymnasts , some of them stars for Team USA , and they will forever be tied to Michigan State — their former employer .
But on this night , the Spartans tried to celebrate a feel-good moment on a campus in desperate need of one .
. @ MSUgymnastics dances to celebrate winning meet over EMU , Rutgers and Pitt on a night # Spartans looked like they were determined to enjoy in front of about 2,000 supporters at Jenison pic.twitter.com/WH4SzQV6ex — Larry Lage ( @ LarryLage ) January 28 , 2018
“ I know everyone sees Larry Nassar and they think of Michigan State gymnastics , ” said Sydney Ewing , the only recruit to sign with the program in November during the early signing period . “ But the girls did n't do anything wrong . I think supporting them right now is the best thing they need to get through this . ”
The gymnasts left behind are trying to move on with their competitions while honoring the victims — some of whom may be on the team — of Nassar 's abuse . In front of a record crowd for a quad meet at Jenison Field House , where Magic Johnson played basketball four decades ago , the Spartans had a season-high score to beat Eastern Michigan , Rutgers and Pittsburgh .
Lea Mitchell , who won the all-around for the second time in three meets , put on a show . Them teammates along with 2,844 fans in the stands did , too . The crowd , which was about three times larger than usual , included Michigan State athletes from other sports .
Mitchell sprinted down a blue runway , launched off a springboard onto the vault , did a flipping twist , landed on their feet and threw their hands in the air . The first-year student was immediately encircled by high-fiving teammates as the fans roared .
Mitchell and their teammates could have bolted by now because of the Nassar scandal . No one would 've blamed them . The NCAA has indicated it may investigate the athletic department , and the Michigan attorney general will press ahead with an investigation of the university .
“ We ca n't run , ” said Mitchell , who is from Boynton Beach , Florida . “ We have to stay together and change the culture . It has to start somewhere . ”
Missed opportunities to possibly stop Nassar abound .
Larissa Boyce said they and a fellow teenage teammate , both training with the Spartans youth gymnastics team , complained about them in 1997 to head gymnastics coach Kathie Klages . They retired a year ago , one day after being suspended for what former athletic director Mark Hollis described as their “ passionate defense ” of Nassar . Some athletes suggested Klages indirectly discouraged them from reporting abuse with their outspoken support of Nassar . Klages has not responded to requests seeking comment .
Mike Rowe , who was a Michigan State assistant the previous three seasons , was promoted in July to guide the program through a storm .
“ We 've been working really hard on focus , keeping our eyes on not being distracted and letting any kind outside influences affect the performance , ” said Rowe , who like the team 's gymnasts , wore a teal ribbon last weekend to raise awareness about sexual violence . “ In the gym every day , it 's kind of our solitude . It 's kind of our place of peace . ”
In the same building where Nassar carried out some of their crimes , the team has had the same athletic trainer , Destiny Teachnor-Hauk , for two decades . They reportedly received at least one complaint about Nassar from a softball player two decades ago , but Teachnor-Hauk told the FBI and campus police during an investigation they never had athletes tell them Nassar made them uncomfortable .
Teachnor-Hauk also said they were aware of Nassar treating one gymnast at their home , but it did not raise any “ red flags ” for them Teachnor-Hauk declined comment for this story through a school spokesperson .
The crisis on campus has led to Lou Anna Simon resigning as school president and Hollis retiring . Rowe said they hope the women they coaches do n't lose the athletic trainer “ they love to the world and back , ” too .
“ They probably would be devastated if they had to be replaced or go somewhere else , ” Rowe said .
Jessica Ling , a junior on the team , agreed .
“ Destiny is a one-of-a-kind person and they honestly cares about all of us — 100 percent , ” Ling said . “ She 's like our second mom . They have helped me personally immensely in my recovery to come back ( from knee surgeries ) and I could n't have done it without her . ”
Ewing made the trip from Texas to watch the Spartans compete and to visit campus again with their father , Steve Ewing , who insisted they have no fear of sending their daughter to Michigan State to be a gymnast and student .
“ I 'm not scared , ” they said . “ This is going to be the cleanest , safest program in the country . It 's going to be squeaky clean . They got rid of a bad element that is no longer here . ”
© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Market odds of December rate rise climb above 90 %
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Posted by admin on February 15 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Will Power secured their second victory at the Texas Motor Speedway on Saturday evening , coming through the chaos for their second win of 2017 and recover a significant amount of points in the championship .
The Team Penske driver led a race-high 180 laps around the 1.5-mile oval , and was battling Scott Dixon for the victory in the closing laps until the New Zealander crashed out after contact with Takuma Sato , allowing Power a clear run to the chequered flag in a race that ended under caution .
Power admitted it was an intense evening under the lights in Texas , but they were happy to bring the car to victory lane in what they feel is their second home .
“ It was very intense , ” said Power . “ I could see ( Scott ) Dixon was able to pass me at the start/finish line . So , I was starting to think about what I was going to do there at the end .
“ Phenomenal job by the guys in the pits . I am so stoked , so happy for Verizon . Shows you how good that Chevy engine is , man , it was super fast tonight . I 'm so stoked to win in my second home , where my wife ( Liz ) is from , Texas . All the family is here , it just feels awesome . ”
CINCINNATI -- Running back Joe Mixon said they had never weighed as much as they did during rookie minicamp the first week of May when the Cincinnati Bengals second-round draft choice from Oklahoma tipped the scales at 238 pounds .
Mixon attributed the weight gain to their whirlwind tour of prospective NFL teams prior to the NFL draft , and all that wining and dining caught up with him .
`` It was my traveling weight , '' Mixon said on Tuesday , the first day of mandatory minicamp .
But , after head coach Marvin Lewis publicly voiced concern over Mixon 's conditioning and they got back into a football routine , the excess poundage vanished .
`` Right now , I feel great , '' said Mixon , who now weighs around 228 . `` I 'll never be that heavy again . I 've never been that big . I started running a lot and trimming down , watched my diet , laid off bread . Other than that , just ( doing ) cardio got me right . ''
Mixon said they have been able to absorb a lot of offensive coordinator Ken Zampese 's offense already due to some similarities with the Sooners ' schemes , and they are taking on more and more of the mental load each week . Most observers agreed Mixon had an extra spring in their step during final OTAs after dropping the weight .
`` He 's worked hard , '' said Lewis . `` Since the initial rookie camp , from that point on , he 's done a nice job . When you do n't practice and play football , you 've got to do that to get into that kind of conditioning and shape , particularly as a runner , when so much of what they do is reaction . ''
Mixon also will be asked to help protect Andy Dalton , who was sacked 41 times last season . Mixon says blitz pickup is something they worked on almost daily at Oklahoma .
`` We 've got a $ 100 million quarterback , '' Mixon said of Dalton , who signed a six-year , $ 96 million deal in 2014 . `` You 've got to take pride in that . If you do n't , you wo n't be playing . You 're expected to make a great run , but if you make a great play off a great block , that 's awesome . It 's all about what you put into it . It 's a job . ''
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States on Friday banned the export of weapons and defence services to South Sudan , stepping up pressure against President Salva Kiir to end the country 's four-year civil war .
While the United States does not conduct arms sales with South Sudan , the move prevents any U.S. company or citizen from providing military equipment or defence services to the country 's warring factions .
The unilateral arms embargo was another signal that Washington is losing patience with South Sudan 's leaders after repeated agreements to end the violence . The war has been marked by brutal attacks against civilians , which has sparked the region 's biggest refugee crisis since the 1994 Rwandan genocide .
In South Sudan 's capital Juba , Kiir 's spokesperson Ateny Wek Ateny declined to comment .
The Trump administration has pressed neighbouring countries and African groups , such as the eight-member Intergovernmental Authority on Development ( IGAD ) , to sanction South Sudanese officials who undermine the peace process .
The State Department said in a statement it would amend the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ( ITAR ) to reflect the arms ban on South Sudan . Other countries on the blacklist include Belarus , China , Cuba , Iran , North Korea , Syria and Venezuela .
OFFICIALS SANCTIONED
Some top officials close to Kiir have already been sanctioned by the United States , including the once-powerful army chief Paul Malong , who was later fired and forced into exile when they quarrelled with the president .
The African Union on Monday said it was open to impose sanctions on leaders violating ceasefires in South Sudan , joining a chorus of officials who say those prolonging the conflict must be punished .
U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the U.N. Security Council last week it was time to impose a U.N. arms embargo on South Sudan . Haley visited South Sudan in late October and met with Kiir .
The Obama administration had failed to convince the United Nations to back an arms embargo in 2016 .
South Sudan 's President Salva Kiir Mayardit attends the 30th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of the Heads of State and the Government of the African Union in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia January 28 , 2018 . REUTERS/Tiksa Negeri
Any U.S. push for the U.N. Security Council to take further action against South Sudan is likely to be resisted by veto power Russia . The council , however , sanctioned several senior South Sudanese officials on both sides of the conflict in 2015 .
“ The time has come to acknowledge the hard reality that the leaders of South Sudan are not just failing their people , they are betraying them . And so this Council is at a crossroads , ” Haley told the council last Wednesday . “ We can not stand by idly as innocent civilians are murdered and raped . ”
Brian Adeba of the Enough Project , a Washington-based policy group fighting to prevent genocide and atrocities , said a weapons ban would be more effective if it was imposed by a group of countries , including some in Africa .
“ A unilateral action risks being symbolic , ” they said , adding , “ However , we believe that the United States should not just restrict this to an arms embargo , but should escalate this by enacting more targeted financial pressures . ”
WAR
Oil-rich South Sudan has been wrecked by civil war since 2013 , when troops loyal to Kiir clashed with troops loyal to then-Vice President Riek Machar .
The conflict has claimed tens of thousands of lives since then , slashed oil production and driven about a third of the population of 12 million from their homes .
The European Union imposed an arms embargo on Sudan in 1994 , which was amended to also apply to South Sudan when the country gained independence from Sudan in 2011 .
Independent U.N. experts have reported to the U.N. Security Council that South Sudan 's government has spent millions of dollars on weapons as the country slid into famine and an economic crisis .
In January 2016 , U.N. experts reported that sources had told them : “ Uganda either supplies South Sudan with its own stock or acquires the weapons and then transfers them to South Sudan , without necessarily involving or obtaining the consent of the primary seller . ”
Last year , the U.N. experts said : “ Weapons continue to flow into South Sudan from diverse sources , often with the coordination of neighbouring countries . ”
One of the more overlooked pieces of the furniture family is the side table . They sit peacefully next to your chesterfield and bed , and hold your beverages and even that turntable you play in the evenings , with Bowie 's Blackstar stashed nearby .
The tables in my cozy home are somewhat lacklustre : they 're cheap Ikea pieces from my college days and , while they definitely serve their purpose , they 're rather bland . Theliving room is filled with decor bearing pastel greens and colourful crocheted blankets , all brought together with black furniture and beautiful gray-mauve walls .
I needed something brighter with a simple pattern , preferably something that matched greens echoed throughout the room . And since I had some Chalk Paint™ decorative Paint by Annie Sloan on hand , buying something new was out of the question . Besides , this seemed like the perfect weekend for a little DIY fun .
Geometric Side Table
Repetitive patterns have a way of unifying a room , especially if they 're composed of clean lines or simple shapes like diamonds and triangles . They 're echoed in nature – it 's impossible to miss the honeycomb structures , the countless fractals and spheres . Contemporary design also favours geometry : we see it decorating vases and throw pillows , embedded in ceramic tiles and featured in pendant light fixtures .
The colour chosen for this project was intentionally bold : the room the table resides in is filled with muted greens , grays and blacks , and it needed a strong centrepiece to command attention . It 's the first thing my guests see when they enter the living room and is a great conversation piece .
YOU WILL NEED :
Chalk Paint® in Antibes Green
1 medium oval bristle brush
Clear wax
Black wax
Clean , dry , lint-free cloths
Painter 's tape
STEPS :
The unassuming home has outlasted father time for nearly 300 years , and now , thanks to Raimee Marmillion Jordan , along with contractor Marty Favre and designer Judy Jordan , it is coming back to life .
AMMAN — The assets of the Social Security Investment Fund ( SSIF ) until the end of the first half of 2017 totalled JD8,863 million , compared with JD8,325 million during the same period in 2016 , marking a 6.5 per cent increase , SSIF announced on Sunday .
The increase came from the comprehensive income ( returns from investments in various tools , including the bourse ) , which totalled JD234 million in the first six months of this year , plus JD303 million as the Social Security Corporation 's ( SSC ) surplus transferred to SSIF , according to a statement by the fund .
By the end of June last year , the fund had incurred a loss of JD29.2 million and the comprehensive income dropped to JD138 million in 2016 due to a JD121-million decline in the reevaluation of the portfolio of shares after the market cap index in the Amman Stock Exchange ( ASE ) declined by 3.8 per cent .
The income gained by the evaluation of strategic shares traded at ASE stood at JD19.3 million by June 30 , 2017 , compared to losses of JD153.6 million during the first half of 2016 , according to the statement , which added that SSIF investments constitute some 11 per cent of ASE market value .
SSIF in August 2016 , established the Daman for Financial Leasing , a company fully owned by the SSC to help finance national projects , and JD400 million was earmarked for this company to carry out its mission .
This company had signed necessary agreements to finance the JD96-million Madona Customs Depot and the Tafileh Hospital for JD37 million , amongst other vital projects that the company is studying currently in the health and education sectors , according to the SSIF statement .
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump 's campaign staff , according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials . American agencies were concerned about the contacts but have n't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus , the reports say .
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia 's attempts to tamper with the presidential election , according to The New York Times , which first reported the contacts .
According to CNN , `` The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S . intelligence . ''
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories .
Reporter Matt Apuzzo , part of the Times team that broke the story , tells NPR 's Morning Edition that while officials said they have n't seen proof of collusion — `` just the flurry of contacts was enough , and the timing of the contacts , was enough to get them very concerned . ''
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts , officials tell both news outlets .
President Trump called the reports `` conspiracy theories '' early Wednesday , in response to the stories :
`` The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred , '' the president wrote . They then added that MSNBC and CNN are `` unwatchable , '' while the Fox News program Fox & Friends `` is great . ''
The Kremlin had a similar response , with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying , `` Let us not believe in what media say , for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones . ''
That 's according to state-run Tass media , which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media .
Allegations about Trump 's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate themselves last July , when they urged Russian agents to `` find '' Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton 's emails and release them .
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia ; in Congress , there are also calls for public investigations . Last month , the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections .
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own , particularly as the new president is settling into the White House .
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana , who 's on the House Judiciary Committee , tells Morning Edition , `` I do n't think we need an independent investigation here , I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work . ''
That work , they said , includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations . Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that 's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens .
`` There are some serious legal implications here , '' Johnson said , `` but it has nothing to do with partisan politics . I mean , the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review . ''
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored .
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump 's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country :
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of their contacts with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. ;
Paul Manafort , resigned as Trump 's campaign chairperson last August amid reports of their attempts to align Trump 's policies with Russian interests ;
Carter Page removed themselves as a foreign policy adviser last September , as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts .
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were `` regularly communicating with Russian nationals , '' CNN reports .
In an interview with the Times , Manafort called the officials ' account `` absurd '' and said they had never had anything to do with Putin 's government .
Manafort told the newspaper , `` It 's not like these people wear badges that say , ' I 'm a Russian intelligence officer . ' ''
Jordanian Prime Minister Hani Al Mulki ( 4th left ) meets with TOBB ( the Union of Chambers and Commodity Exchanges of Turkey ) President M. Rifat Hisarciklioglu ( 3rd left ) and Turkish business people in Amman on Tuesday ( Anadolu Agency photo )
AMMAN — Prime Minister Hani Mulki on Tuesday stressed the importance of considering alternative routes and working out ways deemed appropriate to facilitate the flow of goods between Jordan and Turkey , according to the Jordan News Agency , Petra .
The premier made the remark during a meeting with a Turkish delegation , chaired by President of the Turkish Union of Chambers and Commodity Exchanges Rifat Hisarciklioglu , currently on a visit to the Kingdom .
Mulki said through using alternative crossing points , Jordan and Turkey can increase their joint commercial exchange volume . Turkey may also benefit from the various investment opportunities available in the Kingdom and at Aqaba Special Economic Zone , in particular , the premier told the visiting delegation , stressing the strong relations between both countries .
In April 2015 because of the Syrian conflict , Jordan had to close Jaber crossing which served as a major trade route , providing an outlet for Jordanian goods and a conduit for inter-regional trade between Turkey , Europe and the Gulf Cooperation Counties , according to news websites .
Mulki also expressed hope that the Jordanian-Turkish free trade agreement , which came into force in 2011 , could contribute to increasing trade exchange and investments . They also highlighted other free trade agreements that Jordan signed with other countries , encouraging Turkish investors to benefit from them .
Commending the ongoing reform process in Jordan , Oglu noted that the two countries have similar challenges , in terms of their geopolitical position .
They pointed out that their accompanying delegation comprises 50 business people , representing leading Turkish companies who are interested in boosting joint Jordanian-Turkish investments .
The meeting was attended by several Jordanian ministers and representatives of business entities , as well as Turkey 's Ambassador to Jordan Murat Karagöz .
HAVANA ( Sputnik ) — Cadets of various military schools as well as representatives of the Armed Forces and the Interior Ministry marched the streets of the Cuban capital . The parade was headed by the representatives of the Cuban youth . Later they were joined by the residents of the city with their families , war veterans , as well as workers and representatives of social and political organizations . They carried placards with the words of commitment to the values ​​of the Cuban Revolution .
Jennifer Bejo , the chairperson of University students federation ( FEU ) , during the parade reported on the ratification of the agreement according to which the Cuban youth would continue to work on the implementation of the ideas of the Cuban Revolution . They stressed that Havana would keep on defending its revolutionary anti-imperialist ideals and support the struggle for the liberation of peoples .
Anais Garcia , the president of Havana pioneers organization , also made an appearance at the parade and said they were proud of the opportunity to honor the memory of Fidel Castro , calling them `` the greatest pioneer . ''
On December 2 , 1956 , a group of revolutionaries led by Castro returned to Cuba from exile in Mexico on a small yacht called the Granma , landing in the province of Oriente . The group grew to become the Rebel Army , which launched a guerrilla war against the regime .
On January 2 , 1959 , they left from Santiago de Cuba to Havana . Back then the revolutionaries traveled more than a thousand kilometers in less than a week , entering the Cuban capital on January 8 .
CTV Atlantic
Two men have been arrested in connection with the homicide of a Dartmouth man in January .
Halifax Regional Police responded to a report of a man in medical distress in an apartment at 89 Pinecrest Drive around 4:25 p.m. on Jan. 19 , 2018 .
Derek Miles , 42 , was pronounced dead at the scene . Their death was ruled a homicide .
A 30-year-old man was arrested in the 6000 block of Highway 207 in West Chezzetcook , N.S . and a 52-year old man was arrested in the 200 block of Windmill Road in Dartmouth at 10 a.m. Monday .
Police say the men remain in custody and charges are anticipated .
Miles ' death remains under investigation and police are asking anyone with information to contact them .
Bose is one of those brand names that invokes a response from most consumers . They 'll know first hand , or through others , that the name is synonymous with quality audio - especially those products with top-notch noise-cancelling , such as the QuietComfort 35 on-ears .
With the QuietControl 30 , however , Bose is bringing its highly regarded noise-cancelling nous into a wireless in-ear product . Is it possible for these to live up to the lofty standards set by its on-ear QC35 cousin ?
Neckband design
Wide cone-shaped tips
Flexible fins keep them secure
Like a number of new earphones , such as the Sennheiser Momentum In-Ear Wireless , Bose has opted for a neckband design for the QuietControl 30 . This means the internal components like the processors , Bluetooth chip and battery are all housed inside a collar that sits around your neck .
While the Sennheiser 's neckband is a horse-shoe shaped and covered in leather , the Bose is more circular design that 's finished in a soft , grippy plastic . It 's noticeably thinner at the arch than at the ends , too , thus giving it a flexible centre that 's necessary to make it easy to put on and take off . It 's not just a rigid piece of plastic sitting on your neck .
When you first wear the QC30 , the plastic does feel a little cold and takes a few minutes to warm up , otherwise , it 's really comfortable to wear . One other thing we noticed is that if you move a little too much - bending down to pick things up , for example - the neckband has a habit of sliding around so that one ear was being tugged on a little .
The ear tips are virtually identical to those we used on the Bose SoundSport Pulse : soft silicone tips with attached ear fins to keep them in place securely .
As with the sporty earphones , the QC30 's tips are a wide , cone-shaped design which sits comfortably in the ear . This shape also helps isolate noise , creating a decent seal without pressing all the air out of your ears ( which would otherwise give you that horrible pressured feeling ) .
The ear fins are designed to keep the tips in your ears are soft and easy to manipulate . So soft that you can barely feel them . They hold in firmly , but are n't so secure that they do n't move at all . During a brisk walk , the right earbud did sometimes feel as though it was getting looser , although it never fell out .
If you find the default sized tips and fins are too big or small , there are smaller and larger pairs included in the packaging along with a USB cable .
They 're built on to slightly chunky earbuds containing the drivers , which then attach to the neckband using traditional cabling . The right earbud cable plays home to the inline remote , which we would have prefered to be built into the neckband . It adds a little extra weight to the cable , but more importantly , you can feel a tugging in your ear whenever you reach to skip a track , or change the volume . That would n't happen if the controls were n't attached to the earbuds .
Despite this , the controls are really well designed . The three main buttons for adjusting the volume and playing or pausing tracks are easy to distinguish blindly thanks to the recessed centre button . There are two other buttons on the side as well for increasing or decreasing the level of active noise-cancellation .
The only button on the collar itself is the power button which you press once to power on , or press-and-hold to launch Bluetooth pairing .
When you 're done with the earphones , you can carry them in their slim soft-touch hard case which looks just about the right shape and size to be repurposed as a case for your old , round Sony Discman .
10-hour battery life
10-metre Bluetooth range
Share music with other Bose earphones
Similar to the Momentum In-Ear Wireless from Sennheiser , the Bose QC30 offer a 10-hour battery life per full charge . In our testing we found it was n't far off this claimed figure . With between four to five hours of listening to music , the headphones were down to 50 per cent .
We had no issues with Bluetooth connectivity either , although the claimed range of 10-meters is slightly generous . Saying that , we still managed to step into the next room and remain connected without drop-outs . With the phone in the same room as you , or in your pocket , you should never have the slightest issues with connectivity .
One cool feature we were n't able to test - due to lack of other Bose headphones in our possession - is the fun-sounding Music Share feature . This allows you to beam your music to another pair of wireless Bose earphones in the same room . This means you can share what you 're listening to with someone else , presuming they wear the right brand of headphones .
Active noise-cancelling
Trademark Bose sound
Connect the QC30 to your phone , play your favourite album , and it 's immediately apparent you 're listening to a pair of Bose earphones . They have that trademark full and clear sound profile which is consistent throughout the frequency range .
The quality lets you hear all the slightest details in the music , like ends of drumsticks paradiddling on a hi-hat , or a plectrum plucking a top E string . It 's detailed and clear , while also being full and immersive with ample bass .
It 's a great balance , but one that 's sadly not customisable as there 's no equaliser ( EQ ) adjustment in the Bose Connect app that you download to manage the earphones .
One of the most standout elements of the QC30 is how ambient noise is treated . The active noise-cancelling and ambient noise pass-through is simply superb . Using the Connect app you can fine tune how much or how little surrounding noise you want to allow through , using a simple slider .
With noise-cancelling turned all the way to the top we could put on a coffee grinder , or listen to music near a washing machine in its spin cycle and only just about hear them . With the setting turned down , we walked along a road and could hear cars coming from more than 100m away . It 's probably the best example of active noise-cancelling we 've seen ( or heard ) in a pair of in-ears .
March Madness indeed !
From the baffling to the chaotic , the weekend saw a slew of attention-grabbing moments during the NCAA tournament . So , as we head into the Sweet 16 , here are some of the best moments from the tournament 's headline-making weekend .
Steph Curry Sent the UMBC Team a Shipment of Their Newest Shoes
University of Maryland , Baltimore County players got the surprise of a lifetime over the weekend when Curry sent the group the new Curry 5s — which were released last Wednesday — following their history-making victory Friday night that stunned basketball fans nationwide .
Team officials shared a Twitter photo of the excited players opening the shoe boxes .
“ Thanks to @ StephenCurry30 for hooking @ UMBC_MBB up with unreleased shoes and new swag for tonight 's game ” officials wrote .
The Retrievers surprised everyone by beating the Virginia Cavaliers , the No . 1 seed in the NCAA on Friday night . UMBC , ranked No . 16 seed , went into the game as underdogs . But by time the final buzzer rang , they had bested the Cavaliers 75-54 in the first round of the 2018 NCAA Men 's Basketball Tournament .
Players cried and embraced each other after the win .
“ We believed in each other , ” player Jairus Lyles told reporters after the game . K.J . Maura added “ It 's a dream come true . ”
In an emotional post , UMBC officials reacted on the team 's Twitter account , writing , “ YOU JUST SAW HISTORY BEING MADE ! We 're not crying , you 're crying ( we 're crying ) . @ UMBC_MBB @ UMBCAthletics @ marchmadness @ ncaa # RetrieverNation . ”
98-Year-Old Chicago Nun Witnessed Them Beloved Loyola Ramblers Score NCAA Victory Twice !
Sister Jean Dolores-Schmidt , who has been chaplain of the Ramblers more than two decades , according to the Chicago Tribune , has waited a whole 33 years to see their team win a game in the NCAA Tournament . And now they 've done it twice .
“ Thank God , thank God you did it because we knew we would do it , ” they told TruTV after the Ramblers beat the Hurricanes 64–62 on Thursday . “ When we were in the locker room ahead of the game , we just knew we would do this . Our team is so great , and we do n't care who makes the points as long as we win the game . ”
They added : “ I said , ‘ We 're gon na get the big W up there , ' and we did . ' ”
The team was victorious again on Saturday evening , defeating the third seed Tennessee Volunteers 63-62 in a nail-biter .
“ We talked to God before the game , ” said told Chicago 's ABC 7 following Saturday 's victory . “ I did all during the game because it was a game of back and forth . ”
Ramblers player Clayton Custer agreed , telling the outlet , “ this has been a year that none of us will never forget for sure . I think Sister Jean talked to God to on that last shot yesterday . Thank you so much . ”
Nevada Coach Stripped Down to Their Waist After Team 's Win
University of Nevada , Reno basketball coach Eric Musselman just could n't keep their shirt on after the Wolf Pack defeated the No . 2 seeded Cincinnati Bearcats on Sunday in round two .
After the team came back from a 22-point deficit to clinch the win , Mussleman walked into the locker room with their shirt and tie off . Bare-chested , Musselman walked to the excited players , who poured water on the coach .
“ It 's the happiest I 've ever been in my life , ” they told reporters on Sunday in a post-game press conference .
Coach Musselman rolled into the locker room with their shirt off because March . pic.twitter.com/o1cEA8wQm2 — CBS Sports ( @ CBSSports ) March 19 , 2018
Junior Caleb Martin told reporters that Musselman works out often , and joked that the coach was likely looking for an opportunity to go topless .
“ Coach works out every morning , so their shirt comes off a lot , ” Martin said . “ So I knew they were gon na use this one as an excuse to take it off ! ”
Streeter Lecka/Getty
March Madness Always Brings Out the Best ( and Worst ) of Twitter
Naturally , UMBC 's Twitter made headlines yet again , thanks to its quirky quips and silly photos .
On Sunday , officials tweeted a shot of a few UMBC players standing under a net clogged with basketballs . They captioned the picture : “ We literally ca n't miss….and now we ca n't practice because of that . ”
Late last week , officials shared a Twitter photo of a man holding a sign that read “ University of Maryland Backup College . ”
We literally ca n't miss….and now we ca n't practice because of that pic.twitter.com/DH7zr3MEJu — UMBC Athletics ( @ UMBCAthletics ) March 18 , 2018
“ Ahh we remember this game at Maryland in December….hopefully you enjoyed our game from your couch dude ! ” they wrote alongside the photo .
The UMBC Twitter account was n't the only page making headlines — and prompting a few head-scratches .
kljasdj ; das ; ew8fwer89ywef ; hwero32p8efh ; uasjkasd ; asdhuasdiuasdjkhsd ; ewioawethasdi ; hasdfiohafioewrho ; asdgasdgiohawoihawetb ; agio ; asdioawty8tiouhasgu ; aefiohwe8yeroasdgj ; basdghr3289y [ ew ; has ; ads890y [ fewaiohewohasuhasduhiodfsajkhasdfuior8yasjhafds ; huasdu ; hadsfioewhuewhuoafds8afs ; hdhakdj — Nevada Basketball ( @ NevadaHoops ) March 19 , 2018
After Nevada bested Cincinnati , the team 's Twitter manager seemed to be at a loss for words . So , they simply sent out the tweet above . Bonus points to anyone who can decipher it .
Actress Tiffani Thiessen has always had a love for food . While Thiessen is known for their roles as Kelly Kapowski on Saved By the Bell , cooking has always been one of their biggest passions .
“ I 've always had a love for cooking since I was little , ” they told CBS Local . “ I cooked in the kitchen with my mom , grandmother and aunt and then I came up with an idea for TV show called Dinner at Tiffani 's . ”
Thiessen spent the week in New York last month to work with TownHouse on their new Crackers & Hummus snack . The former Beverly Hills , 90210 star told CBS Local they will be appearing in a new show in 2018 called “ Alexa and Katie , ” where they play a different kind of role .
“ It 's a family comedy about two girls embarking into high school . I play the mother of the one teenager . That 's kind of new for me . Not playing a mother so much , but playing a mother of teenagers . It 's a very fun and sweet family show . ”
The former teen star has worked with many great actors , but they said working with Woody Allen on “ Hollywood Ending ” tops the list of their proudest moments .
“ Doing a Woody Allen film was definitely a highlight in my career . They are an amazing , hardworking man . I really enjoyed that process of working with him . He 's a legend , they were very kind and I had a great time .
Gatineau police surrounded a Mont-Bleu apartment complex Saturday after a bullet had broken through a balcony window on a nearby street the night before , injuring a young woman .
Tactical officers entered the back of the eight-storey building at 8 Radisson St. around noon . There were already several police cars on the grounds of Les Jardins Radisson before a mobile command unit arrived .
On Friday just after 8 p.m. , someone shot a bullet through a balcony window on Tassé Street . The bullet went into the apartment but did n't strike anyone . A woman received facial injuries from the broken glass but did n't require hospital treatment .
The woman declined to comment further to this newspaper on Saturday about the shooting .
Many residents who live in the Radisson Street apartment complex did n't know why police cars were all over the property . Residents said police dogs were combing the grounds earlier in the day .
By mid-afternoon , police had restricted vehicular access to the interior roadways of the apartment complex , letting people drive out but not re-enter . A line of cars formed at the front gate of the apartment complex , drivers who simply wanted to go back to their units .
An STO bus arrived to keep people warm .
An Ottawa Police Service cruiser was also on the scene .
Pierre Jacques said they were in their apartment lobby at 8 Radisson St. when a woman asked them where they could find a payphone .
Jacques did n't know where a payphone was , so they offered their cellphone .
“ She looked anxious and really nervous , and they were pacing , ” they said .
When Jacques left the building , police signalled them over and asked why they were talking with the woman .
“ That 's when they told me they were a suspect in a shooting of some sort that happened ( Friday ) night , ” Jacques said .
They spent about two hours with police Saturday morning providing a description of the woman : about 5-10 , wearing “ scrappy ” jeans and appearing anxious . Jacques had never seen them in the building before .
Tactical officers pulled up to a back entrance of 8 Radisson in a brown van with dark tinted windows . Patrol officers , who were stationed near the door , helped residents leave the building and find their way off the property through a zig-zag of cruisers and past a mobile command post .
Police had no information about suspects or the status of the tactical operation . No officers were at the scene who were authorized to provide details .
On Saturday afternoon , no police were outside the apartment that had been hit by a bullet on Friday night . All of the police activity was concentrated on the Radisson apartment complex .
People who live in the Mont-Bleu neighbourhood described a heavy police presence after the shooting .
Caroline Levasseur said they saw police running and yelling Friday night .
News of a shooting near their home did n't shake Levasseur .
“ It 's not the first time , ” they said .
The neighbourhood also saw heightened police activity last month when a fire forced the evacuation of a small apartment building on Tassé Street . Police charged a man with arson .
jwilling @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
The next-generation Peugeot 508 has been spied on the road once again ahead of a debut next year . This one appears to have the production body but hides the styling under copious camouflage .
From the small amount of the vehicle visible here , we can see that Peugeot is adopting swoopy styling for the 508 by using a similar aesthetic to 2014 's Exalt concept . The hood sweeps downward to the grille . The greenhouse has a similarly svelte shape , including a roof that flows smoothly into the tail . The styling appears to take cues from the recent trend of “ four-door coupes ” but adapts the look into a more usable form that should n't sacrifice quite so much headroom . Previous spy shots also gave a glimpse at diagonal LEDs in the taillights .
Peugeot wants the new 508 to compete in the near-premium segment . Base models would compete against models like the new Opel Insignia , but loading on the options would make the sedan a more luxurious ride .
It rides on a new modular platform that Peugeot calls EMP2 . The modern underpinnings should help the sedan cut weight . Powertrain options are n't yet clear , but a plug-in hybrid is likely among the options .
The 508 could debut as soon as the Frankfurt Motor Show , but the company 's boss says that sales begin in 2018 . PSA has no intention to create an equivalent Citroën C5 sedan version .
Peugeot 's corporate strategy since buying Opel is to focus on a worldwide expansion through mainstream vehicles . The company wants more than half of its sales to come from outside Europe . To do that , the firm intends to focus less on performance vehicles and put a bigger emphasis on what sells . In addition to the upcoming 508 , Peugeot 's boss also wants to have a pickup in its range for appealing to a global market .
Photo Source : Automedia
Canada has over a century of history of sending artists to interpret images of war , conflict , and peace resolution that this country has been involved in .
That certainly continued with recent conflicts in Afghanistan were Canada was a participant , and recently in Ukraine where Canada provides additional training to Ukraine troops .
The Canadian War Museum in the national capital , Ottawa , has many of these historical artworks on display , and has just created an exhibition of the recent war artist programme from Ukraine .
I spoke with one of the artists , Richard Johnson , and with the museum curator Joanne Stober ( PhD ) .
The history of Canadian artists depicting the military in war in an official way , goes back over 100 years to the First World War .
Since then and in a variety of ways both official and semi-official Canada has sent artists to follow , artistically reproduce , and interpret Canadians in military activities both at home and abroad
In 2001 , the Department of National Defence created the Canadian Forces Artists Programme ( CFAP ) .
For this progamme , an advisory committee selects a group of professional civilian artists from various
Canadian regions to observe the activities of the Canadian Armed Forces , Every two years those artists create work through the variety of their creations to unique interpretation and understanding of Canada 's military history .
The artists maintain complete artistic independence as they capture the daily operations , personnel and spirit of the Canadian Armed Forces , as well as the families and communities affected by Canadian military operations .
The work currently on display at the Canadian War Museum has been selected from the 2014–2015 cohort of the CFAP ( Group 7 ) .
Just like members of the CF itself , the artists represent a number of regions of the country . Their work also represents a wide range of media including photography , video , sketches , oils , glass sculpture , and mixed media works on paper and textiles .
From the CWM website , the exhibition includes :
PAGE , Ariz .
President Russell Begaye on Oct. 4 attended the Royalty Policy Committee 's first meeting at the U.S. Department of the Interior in Washington , D.C .
Begaye and Bidtah Becker , executive director of the Navajo Nation Division of Natural Resources , in September were named to serve on the Interior committee , which was re-chartered in late March after an eight-year hiatus .
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke named representatives from states , tribes , the energy industry and academia to the group that will advise them on “ policy and strategies ” to improve the U.S. government 's management of the federal and Native American revenue program , according to the agency .
The committee will also advise Zinke on policies and regulations for revenue collection on public lands , “ including whether a need exists for regulatory reform . ”
Zinke named 20 members and 18 alternates . The committee includes six governors of states who receive more than $ 10 million per year in royalties from federal leases ; six from the mineral and energy industry ; four from tribes ; and four from academia and public interest groups .
The appointees include representatives from the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma , Southern Ute Indian Tribe , and the Osage Minerals Council .
At the Wednesday meeting , Zinke and their counselor for energy policy , Vincent DeVito , welcomed the new members .
The meeting covered a number of topics , including ways to promote energy development , providing input for communities affected by leasing activities , reassessing the economic models used by Interior , and the valuation of oil , gas and coal , according to the agency .
Three subcommittees were formed : Fair Return and Revenue ; Planning , Analysis , and Competitiveness ; and Indian Affairs , which Begaye was assigned to , said Mihio Manus , Begaye 's spokesperson .
Manus said the president might chair this subcommittee , which will address issues specific to tribal lands and trust .
“ He 'll find out , ” Manus told the Navajo Times on Thursday ( Oct. 5 ) afternoon . “ It was a recommendation . ”
Begaye says that the Navajo Nation is consistently told that the tribe has limited control over its natural resources and no control of its water .
“ We greatly disagree with these positions , ” Begaye said in a statement . “ We will advocate for the Navajo Nation to assume control over all of its natural resources . ”
They added , “ We appreciate members of Congress that are helping us achieve this goal and we will work hard to make this happen . ”
To read the full article , pick up your copy of the Navajo Times at your nearest newsstand Thursday mornings ! Find newsstand locations at this link .
AMMAN — The Arab Renaissance for Democracy and Development ( ARDD ) on Thursday issued a report on Jordan 's legal response to the Syrian refugee crisis , which commended the efforts of several governmental agencies in partnership with UNHCR for their `` rapid '' support .
Presented at the third International Conference for Refugees in the Middle East , held at Yarmouk University last week , the study highlighted that the legal sections established at the refugee camps in Jordan have been “ internationally recognised ” for the several branches that they put at the disposal of refugees , comprising specialised services such as juvenile courts or family protection .
`` Jordan has exerted many efforts to provide services in the best interest of refugees since the very beginning of the crisis , '' ARDD CEO Samar Muhareb told The Jordan Times , noting that `` along with legal aid providers and UNHCR , the Jordanian government has established coordination mechanisms to provide protection services free of charge , in addition to ensuring that refugees hold all the necessary documentation in order to facilitate the application of the rule of law '' .
The study pointed out that the concerned parties have taken measures to guarantee the safety and quality of legal procedures by providing legal awareness programmes to beneficiaries , as well as improving the capacities of lawyers and other legal service providers .
The report stressed the importance of the Jordanian legal response , pointing out that `` the legal services provided to refugees protect them against violations of human rights stipulated in several international conventions and the national legislation '' .
A rapid legal response is also “ essential ” in a crisis scenario as several services such as education or health “ can only be offered on the basis of available legal information and planning ” .
In urban refugee settings , Muhareb stressed the `` significant amount of entities involved '' in the legal response , noting `` the efforts of the government together with UNHCR to inform officials and lawyers about regulations and means of responding to needs of refugees '' .
But there are more challenges , yet , to overcome , the expert said .
“ Seven years into the crisis , new needs arise every day , ” they said , citing issues such as procedures to be followed to grant refugees access to the formal labour market outside the camps .
“ Jordan is facing great pressure when it comes to covering the needs of refugees and the legal aid sector is still not well evaluated , ” Muhareb continued , adding “ the ever changing situation and the lack of financial resources add to the challenges . ”
However , several measures are currently under way , according to the expert , who highlighted the campaign initiated last month to encourage refugees to register with UNHCR and obtain their documentations , which resulted into a total of 25,000 newly registered refugees up to this point .
A home security camera captured video of a U.S . Postal Service employee delivering a package by throwing it out of a truck window and onto a homeowner 's driveway .
Scroll for more content ...
It happened Tuesday at a home on the western edge of Elkhorn .
The homeowner , who asked not to be identified , told 6 News they contacted the U.S . Postal Service via email and sent a link to the video . They told 6 News they can forgive someone for having a bad day or a lapse in judgement , but they believe the incident shows incredible disrespect . They said they think the USPS employee should lose his/her job .
The homeowner showed 6 News an email they received from a USPS supervisor Wednesday afternoon . The email said : `` We are working on the removal of this employee immediately . ''
When 6 News contacted USPS , a spokesperson said they could n't address personnel issues . However , they did send the following statement to 6 News : `` We have reached out to the customer to apologize for this failure in service . A mishandled package is unacceptable and does not reflect the careful efforts of the thousands of professional , dedicated carriers and clerks in our workforce . This personnel performance matter will be handled appropriately . ''
The good news in this story : the contents of the package were n't breakable .
Hackers stole payment data from taprooms and in-store restaurants at some Whole Foods Markets . Now the company has rolled out an online tool to help consumers find out which stores in their area may have been affected . Eric Gay The Associated Press file
Today
Poteau at Sallisaw , 4:30 p.m .
Cameron and Stigler at Pocola , rained out
Howe at Heavener , rained out
Keota and Kinta at Bokoshe , rained out
Stringtown and Buffalo Valley at Whitesboro , rained out
Sallisaw-Central at Wister , rained out
Leflore at Clayton , rained out
Oktaha at Red Oak , rained out
Tuesday
Regular Season
Howe at Poteau , canceled due to wet fields
Talihina at Pocola , 5:30 p.m .
Muldrow at Panama , 5 p.m .
Smithville and Clayton at Whitesboro , 4 p.m. ( Clayton vs. Whitesboro , 4 p.m. ; Smithville vs. Clayton , 5:15 p.m. ; Smithville vs. Whitesboro , 6:30 p.m . )
Arkoma at Keota , 4 p.m .
Cameron at Red Oak , 5 p.m .
Bokoshe and Panola at McCurtain , 4 p.m. ( Bokoshe vs. McCurtain , 4 p.m. ; Bokoshe vs. Panola , 5:15 p.m . )
Heavener at Oktaha , 5 p.m .
Playoffs
Class 3A District Tournament at Fort Towson
Keota vs. Gans , 1 p.m. ; Keota-Gans loser vs. Fort Towson , 2:15 p.m. ; Keota-Gans winner vs. Fort Towson , 3:30 p.m. ; Title Game , 4:45 p.m. ; If-Game , 6 p.m .
Thursday
Regular Season
Poteau at Tahlequah , DH , 4 p.m .
Playoffs
Class 5A District Tournament at Heavener
Roland vs. Stigler , 1 p.m. ; Roland-Stigler loser vs. Heavener , 2:30 p.m. ; Roland-Stigler winner vs. Heavener , 4 p.m. ; Title Game , 5:30 p.m. ; If-Game , 7 p.m. [ may be moved to Wednesday due to threatening weather ]
Class 4A District Tournaments
At Howe
Pocola vs. Howe , 4:30 , 5:45 and/or 7 p.m. [ last game , if necessary ]
At Wister
Panama vs. Vian , 2:30 p.m. Panama-Vian loser vs. Wister , 3:45 p.m. ; Panama-Vian winner vs. Wister , 5 p.m. ; Title Game , 6:15 p.m. ; If-Game , 7:30 p.m .
Class A District Tournaments
At Battiest
Panola vs. Battiest , 11 a.m. ; Leflore vs. Whitesboro , 12:30 p.m. ; Panola-Battiest loser vs. Leflore-Whitesboro loser , 2 p.m. ; Panola-Battiest winner vs. Leflore-Whitesboro winner , 3:30 p.m. ; 2 p.m. winner vs. 3:30 p.m. loser , 5 p.m. ; Title Game , 6:30 p.m. ; If-Game , 8 p.m .
At Buffalo Valley
Bokoshe vs. Graham [ Weleetka ] , 11 a.m. ; Midway vs. Buffalo Valley , 12:15 p.m. ; Bokoshe-Graham [ Weleetka ] loser vs. Midway-Buffalo Valley loser , 1:30 p.m. ; Bokoshe-Graham [ Weleetka ] winner vs. Midway-Buffalo Valley winner , 2:45 p.m. ; 1:30 p.m. winner vs. 2:45 p.m. loser , 4 p.m. ; Title Game , 5:15 p.m. ; If-Game , 6:30 p.m .
At Red Oak
Braggs vs. Red Oak , 11 a.m. ; McCurtain vs. Webbers Falls , 12:30 p.m. ; Braggs-Red Oak loser vs. McCurtain-Webbers Falls loser , 2 p.m. ; Braggs-Red Oak winner vs. McCurtain-Webbers Falls winner , 3:30 p.m. ; 2 p.m. winner vs. 3:30 p.m. loser , 5 p.m. ; Title Game , 6:30 p.m. ; If-Game , 8 p.m .
Friday
Regular Season
Fort Gibson at Poteau , 4:30 p.m .
Heavener at Sapulpa , 4:30 p.m .
Playoffs
Class 4A District Tournament at Antlers
Talihina vs. Antlers , 11 a.m. ; Talihina-Antlers loser vs. Calera , 12:20 p.m. ; Talihina-Antlers winner vs. Calera , 1:40 p.m. ; Title Game , 3 p.m. ; If-Game , 4:20 p.m .
Class 2A District Tournament at Smithville
Cameron vs. Clayton , 10 a.m. ; Arkoma vs. Smithville , 11:15 a.m. ; Cameron-Clayton loser vs. Arkoma-Smithville loser , 12:30 p.m. ; Arkoma vs. Smithville , 11:15 a.m. ; Cameron-Clayton winner vs. Arkoma-Smithville winner , 1:45 p.m. ; 11:15 a.m. winner vs. 1:45 p.m. loser , 3 p.m. ; Title Game , 4:15 p.m. ; If-Game , 5:30 p.m .
Two-time Dakar Rally champion Nasser Al-Attiyah was the pacesetter on the opening stage of the 2017 event , a 39 kilometre special stage in Paraguay .
The Qatari and their Toyota co-driver Matthieu Baumel set the best time of 25 minutes and 41 seconds as the legendary event got underway on Monday , and Al-Attiyah ended the stage with a 24-second advantage over Ford Ranger star Xevi Pons .
Despite setting the pace , Al-Attiyah ended the day being towed by team-mate Giniel de Villiers on the road section , with a fire needing to be extinguished .
Nani Roma ended the stage third quickest for Toyota ahead of Carlos Sainz , who was the leading Peugeot entrant in fourth , ahead of de Villiers and Sebastien Loeb .
Juan Pedrero Garcia set the pace in the Bike classifications with a time of 28 minutes and 22 seconds for Sherco , although Yamaha privateer Xavier de Soultrait had gone faster only to be hit with a one-minute penalty for speeding that relegated them to tenth .
Honda duo Ricky Brabec and Paulo Goncalves were second and third respectively ahead of leading Briton Sam Sunderland of KTM and Spaniard Joan Barreda Bort of Honda .
Marcelo Medeiros was quickest in the Quads classification , their time of 32 minutes and 53 seconds more than a minute faster than second placed Gaston Gonzalez , while local rider Nelson Augusto Sanabria Galeano made it a trio of Yamaha 's inside the top three .
Martin Kolomy was on top in the Trucks classification with a time of 30 minutes exactly , with the Tatra driver 13-seconds ahead of Ton van Genugten of Iveco , while Martin van den Brink put their Renault into third , 12-seconds further back .
Dutchman Tim Coronel was fastest in the UTV classification with a time of 33 minutes and 13 seconds in their Suzuki , ahead of Russian Maganov Ravil ( Polaris ) and Romanian Andreu Cachafeiro Vidal ( Yamaha ) .
Posted by admin on March 20 , 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Golf club operator ClubCorp Holdings Inc ( MYCC.N ) took itself off the block and said it would not explore strategic alternatives at this time as it did not get a purchase proposal for the entire company .
Shares of the company , one of the largest owners and operators of private golf and country clubs in the United States , fell about 11 percent to $ 13.75 .
ClubCorp , which also reported quarterly sales and profit below estimates , said Chief Executive Eric Affeldt would step down upon the appointment of a successor .
Affeldt had joined ClubCorp in 2006 and helped lead the company 's initial public stock offering in 2013 .
KSL Capital , a private equity firm , had earlier bought ClubCorp for $ 1.8 billion in October 2006 and took it public in 2013 .
The company said on Wednesday its board has identified an internal candidate for the CEO role and will engage an executive search firm to identify external candidates .
The company had said in January it was exploring strategic alternatives and was reportedly in the process of selling itself amid pressure from shareholder FrontFour Capital Group LLC .
FrontFour had published a letter in September highlighting ClubCorp 's low trading multiple compared with leisure industry peers such as Six Flags Entertainment Corp ( SIX.N ) . It had also questioned its business decisions to pour money into refurbishing golf course acquisitions .
ClubCorp is a serial acquirer in the golf course industry , buying 12 new clubs in 2015 and 2016 . It looks to buy locally-owned golf courses and then refurbish them by adding or improving amenities such as up-scale dining and event rooms .
The company said on Wednesday its board 's strategic review committee will remain in place to pursue other growth strategies .
ClubCorp and investment banks Jefferies LLC and Wells Fargo & Co , retained as advisers , had held discussions with potential buyers , Chairman John Beckert said on a conference call .
The company , which also said it would acquire Oakhurst Golf and Country Club in Michigan , reported net sales of $ 221.3 million for the quarter ended March 21 .
Excluding items , the company reported a bigger-than-expected loss of 12 cents per share .
Analysts on average had expected net sales of $ 222.1 million and a loss of 7 cents per share in the first quarter , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
ClubCorp , founded in 1957 , operates more than 200 properties , including golf and country clubs , business clubs and sports clubs across the U.S. , Mexico and China .
( Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Martina D'Couto and Shounak Dasgupta )
April 9 , workshops , a panel and a march took place on the UW Tacoma and the Univer­sity of Puget Sound campuses to close out a week-long awareness campaign highlighting sexual violence and do­mestic abuse .
Oscar Trinidad , president of the Criminal Justice League , thought that the two campuses working together al­lowed to make the event larger .
“ What happened this year was that the University of Puget Sound reached out to us and wanted to do a collabora­tion , ” Trinidad said . “ Through them we came up with contracts and were able to fly speakers out here . ”
Many resources were necessary ac­cording to Trinidad .
“ A cross campus collaboration is rather difficult to do , but this was a rather larger event , ” Trinidad said . “ UWT alone could n't pull this off . There 's no way with the funds we have and the resources that we could 've done this . I do n't think UPS could have done it by themselves either . ”
The events come after UWT 's an­nual Clothesline Project — a visual dis­play of T-shirts with messages written on them by survivors of abuse and their allies . The T-shirts that were hung along the Tioga sky bridge and from the Gar­retson Woodruff & Pratt building to the Joy building were displayed to create awareness around issues involving sex­ual assault and other forms of violence .
“ Having the event right at the end of the Clothesline is huge , ” Trinidad said . “ All of the workshops are around sexu­al assault and violence . Having the buildup of the Clotheslines and having it be expanded made it to where we are able to promote Take Back the Night . ”
Tina Goelz , president of the Student Social Work Organization , said that the Clothesline Project and the events that followed were meant to reach a range of people .
“ It is so important to bring awareness to our community and especially on a college campus because [ violence ] hap­pens on college campuses as well , ” Goelz said . “ The workshops are there for sur­vivors or allies or pretty much anybody to learn more about domestic violence and vulnerability . ”
According to Trinidad , the work­shops may have attracted members of groups that are subject to feeling left out of the conversation about sexual vio­lence and assault . One demographic that Trinidad hoped the workshops would bring in were males .
“ The workshops are for those stu­dents who might be hesitant to come in , participate and create shirts , ” said Trinidad . “ I have had hesitation from male students that want to make a shirt , but say ‘ I am not sure how to do this . ' I think that having workshops that apply to that demographic is huge . I 'm rather excited , obviously being a male , about the male justice in power . That 's what I am trying to do . ”
The workshop being referred to by Trinidad was called Recruiting More Men 's Voices against Sexual Violence , one of two workshops that followed the Clothesline Project . This presentation was led by Gordon Braxton who spoke about how to engage more men in con­versations , prevention and other work involving sexual violence .
Braxton discussed the attitudes sur­rounding men and sexual violence .
“ We need to get more men involved in this issue , ” Braxton said .
They stressed the importance of having men speak up because of their role within our culture and the power of hearing from a male perspective to dis­rupt the status quo .
“ We have to keep in mind that men are uniquely qualified to challenge bias , ” Braxton said .
Braxton left the audience with an­other takeaway message : as a commu­nity , we need to work together to ac­tively recruit and hear from men .
“ It 's important to have a safe space , kind of home base , ” Braxton said . “ I encourage you if you do n't have a group now , to create or get into a peer educa­tion program . ”
Trinidad also said that UWT stu­dents have voiced concerns about the inclusion of the LGBTQ+ community . They hope that those that have raised concerns attended the workshops , too .
“ We have a shirt that says , ‘ Where 's the conversation on the LBGTQ+ com­munity ? ' They 're still victims of this , ” Trinidad said . “ I hope whoever made this shirt comes to the workshop . ”
The second workshop that Trinidad is referring to is called Girls Do n't Rape and Boys Do n't Get Raped : Say What ? The workshop offered in conjunction with Braxton 's workshop focused on how those who are not heterosexual are affected by sexual violence . The pre­senter of the workshop , Courtney Drew , had discussions about the intersection­ality of gender identity , sexual orienta­tion and sexual assault .
“ The capital T truth is that sexual violence happens in all communities , ” Drew said . “ It 's not distinguished into just one community , into just one gen­der identity , into one sexual orientation . The other capital T truth is that it is truly never the victim 's fault . ”
Drew also addressed the statistics that reflect the challenges that margin­alized groups face .
“ LGBTQ people face systemic and historical oppression that leads to the factors being higher for those individuals and they also experience additional bar­riers in seeking out resources , ” Drew said . “ It 's not just LGBTQ folks who have in­creased and disproportionately experi­ence sexual violence . It 's any marginalized community because every marginalized community , at least in the United States , has experienced this systemic oppression and this historic weight . ”
In the final part of the presentation , Drew spoke about the “ Queer method ” of being allies to help sexual assault sur­vivors .
“ Always start by questioning your assumptions , ” said Drew . “ Understand . Always focus on the needs of who you are working with and talking to and thinking about what they need from you , not what we think they need . Empower and educate . Remember that we are not superheroes so it is OK to refer elsewhere . ”
The first two events were held at the University Y . A third and final workshop led by Katie Koestner took place on the UWT campus : Working with the Ac­cused AND Balancing a Victim-Cen­tered Response . The workshop intro­duced personal stories and cases . It also included training that addressed issues that may be overlooked in sexual assault cases such as working with non-male respondents and working with technol­ogy-related misconduct .
The events were then moved over to the University of Puget Sound where there was a panel discussion , a march , and a rally .
The panel was called Your Voice Has Power — All Voices Have Power . Here Drew , Braxton and Koestner spoke about including all voices in awareness , preven­tion and response to sexual assault . This was followed up by a Q & A session be­tween the speakers and the audience .
The night ended with the Take Back the Night march and rally where survi­vors and allies walked together to raise awareness to all forms of sexual violence and the fight to end it .
Like this : Like Loading ...
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — The number of the military exercises with participation of the Aerospace Forces in 2016 surpassed 50 .
`` During the exercises [ in 2016 ] , the Aerospace Forces ' groups and units had clocked up more than 340,000 flying hours , had conducted almost 30,000 bombing attacks and launches of aircraft rockets , more than 650 sorties to facilitate the activities of the troops , '' the statement said , adding that 2016 had become the first year of the Aerospace Forces ' full-scale operation .
According to the statement , the Aerospace Forces also received more than 350 pieces of advanced military equipment , including the Su-34 attack aircraft , Ka-52 helicopters and S-400 air defense systems , in 2016 .
On August 1 , 2015 , Russia established the Aerospace Forces as a result of integration of the Air Force and Aerospace Defense Forces . The branch of the Russian Armed Forces is responsible for repelling aerospace threats , aviation support of troops , space facility observing and launching spacecraft , including military and dual-purpose satellite systems , among other tasks
Machine learning software from OpenAI has beaten one of the world 's best players at the video game Dota 2 . Elon Musk , who co-founded OpenAI , says that it is the `` first ever … defeat [ of the ] world 's best players in competitive e-sports . '' The Verge reports… Read more
Machine learning software from OpenAI has beaten one of the world 's best players at the video game Dota 2 . Elon Musk , who co-founded OpenAI , says that it is the `` first ever … defeat [ of the ] world 's best players in competitive e-sports . '' The Verge reports that Danylo Ishutin , the human player who got beaten , found the AI `` a little like [ a ] human , but a little like something else '' to play against .
OpenAI 's software mastered the game , which requires players to defend a base from their opponents , by playing a copy of itself . “ We did n't hard-code in any strategy , we did n't have it learn from human experts , just from the very beginning , it just keeps playing against a copy of itself , ” explains OpenAI researcher Jakub Pachoki in a video . “ It starts from complete randomness and then it makes very small improvements , and eventually it 's just pro level . ”
It 's an impressive feat , not least because Dota 2 requires making decisions based on imperfect information , unlike games such as Go or chess . But it 's not all good news . Some players have reported that they beat the algorithm after studying its play , and at any rate the AI can only play one-on-one , which is far simpler than regular five-on-five battles that require extensive collaboration . According to TechCrunch , OpenAI says that the five-player game is on its list of problems to crack .
The following are the Federal Reserve 's staff forecasts as contained in the minutes of recent Federal Open Market Committee meetings :
For a full text , see here
MARCH 14-15 FOMC : Minutes released on April 5 :
`` In the U.S. economic projection prepared by the staff for the March FOMC meeting , the near-term forecast for real GDP growth was a little weaker , on net , than in the previous projection . Real GDP was expected to expand at a slower rate in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter , reflecting some data for January that were judged to be transitorily weak , but growth was projected to move back up in the second quarter . The staff maintained its assumption - provisionally included starting with the December 2016 forecast -— of a more expansionary fiscal policy in the coming years , but it pushed
back the timing of when those policy changes were anticipated to take effect . The negative effect of this timing change on projected real GDP growth through 2019 was offset by a higher assumed path for equity prices and by a lower assumed path for the exchange value of the dollar .
All told , the staff 's forecast for the level of real GDP at the end of 2019 was essentially unrevised from the previous forecast , and the staff continued to project that real GDP would expand at a modestly faster pace than potential output in 2017 through 2019 . The unemployment rate was forecast to edge down gradually through the end of 2019 and to run below the staff 's estimate of
its longer-run natural rate ; the path for the unemployment rate was little changed from the previous projection .
`` The staff 's forecast for consumer price inflation , as measured by changes in the PCE price index , was unchanged for 2017 as a whole and over the next couple of years . The staff continued to project that inflation would increase gradually over this period , as food and energy prices , along with the prices of non-energy imports , were expected to begin steadily rising this year .
However , inflation was projected to be slightly below the Committee 's longer-run objective of 2 percent in 2019 .
`` The staff viewed the uncertainty around its projections for real GDP growth , the unemployment rate , and inflation as similar to the average of the past 20 years . The risks to the forecast for real GDP were seen as tilted to the downside , primarily reflecting the staff 's assessment that monetary policy appeared to be better positioned to respond to large positive shocks to the economic outlook than substantial adverse ones .
However , the staff viewed the risks to the forecast as less pronounced than in the recent past , reflecting both somewhat diminished risks to the foreign outlook and an increase in U.S. consumer and business confidence over recent months .
Consistent with the downside risks to aggregate demand , the staff viewed the risks to its outlook for the unemployment rate as tilted to the upside . The risks to the projection for inflation were seen as roughly balanced .
The downside risks from the possibility that longer-term inflation expectations may have edged down or that the dollar could appreciate substantially further were seen as roughly counterbalanced by the upside risk that inflation could increase more than expected in an economy that was projected to continue operating above its longer-run potential . ''
JAN. 31-FEB. 1 FOMC : Minutes released on Feb. 22 :
`` In the U.S. economic projection prepared by the staff for this FOMC meeting , the near-term forecast was little changed from the December meeting . Real GDP
growth in the fourth quarter of last year was estimated to have been a little faster than the staff had expected in December , and the pace of economic growth in the first half of this year was projected to be essentially the same
as in the fourth quarter . The staff 's forecast for real GDP growth over the next several years was little changed . The staff continued to project that real GDP would expand at a modestly faster pace than potential output in 2017 through 2019 . The unemployment rate was forecast to edge down gradually through the end of 2019 and to run below the staff 's estimate of its longer-run natural rate ; the path for the unemployment rate was little changed from the previous projection .
`` The staff 's forecast for consumer price inflation was unchanged on balance . The staff continued to project that inflation would increase over the next several years , as food and energy prices , along with the prices of non-energy
imports , were expected to begin steadily rising either this year or next . However , inflation was projected to be marginally below the Committee 's longer-run objective of 2 percent in 2019 .
`` The staff viewed the uncertainty around its projections for real GDP growth , the unemployment rate , and inflation as similar to the average of the past 20 years . The risks to the forecast for real GDP were seen as tilted to
the downside , primarily reflecting the staff 's assessment that monetary policy appeared to be better positioned to offset large positive shocks than substantial adverse ones . However , the staff viewed the risks to the forecast
from developments abroad as less pronounced than in the recent past . Consistent with the downside risks to aggregate demand , the staff viewed the risks to its outlook for the unemployment rate as tilted to the upside .
The risks to the projection for inflation were seen as roughly balanced . The downside risks from the possibility that longer-term inflation expectations may have edged down or that the dollar could appreciate substantially
further were seen as roughly counterbalanced by the upside risk that inflation could increase more than expected in an economy that was projected to continue
operating above its longer-run potential . ''
DEC. 13-14 FOMC : Minutes released on Jan. 4 :
`` In the U.S. economic projection prepared by the staff for the December FOMC meeting , the near-term forecast was little changed from the projection prepared for the November meeting . Real GDP growth in the second half of 2016 was still expected to be faster than in the first half . The staff 's forecast for real GDP growth over the next several years was slightly higher , on balance , largely reflecting the effects of the staff 's provisional assumption that fiscal policy would be more expansionary in the coming years . These effects were substantially counterbalanced by the restraint from the higher assumed paths for longer-term interest rates and the foreign exchange value of the dollar . The staff projected that real GDP would expand at a modestly faster pace than potential output in 2017 through 2019 .
The unemployment rate was forecast to edge down gradually , on net , and to continue to run below the staff 's estimate of its longer-run natural rate through the end of 2019 ; the path for the unemployment rate was a little lower
than in the previous projection . `` The near-term forecast for consumer price inflation was somewhat higher than in the previous projection , reflecting
recent increases in energy prices . Beyond the near term , the inflation forecast was little revised . The staff continued to project that inflation would edge up over the next several years , as food and energy prices along with the prices of non-energy imports were expected to begin steadily rising in 2017 . However , inflation was projected to be marginally below the Committee 's longer-run objective of 2 percent in 2019 .
`` The staff viewed the uncertainty around its projections for real GDP growth , the unemployment rate , and inflation as similar to the average of the past 20 years . The risks to the forecast for real GDP were seen as tilted to the downside , reflecting the staff 's assessment that monetary policy appeared to be better positioned to offset large positive shocks than substantial adverse ones . In addition , the staff continued to see the risks to the forecast from developments abroad as skewed to the downside .
Consistent with the downside risks to aggregate demand , the staff viewed the risks to its outlook for the unemployment rate as tilted to the upside . The risks to the projection for inflation were seen as roughly balanced .
The downside risks from the possibility that longer-term inflation expectations may have edged lower or that the dollar could appreciate more than anticipated were seen as roughly counterbalanced by the upside risk that inflation could increase more than expected in an economy that was projected to continue operating above its long-run potential . ''
NOV. 1-2 FOMC : Minutes released on Nov. 23 :
`` In the U.S. economic projection prepared by the staff for the November FOMC meeting , the pace of real GDP growth was forecast to be faster over the second
half of this year than in the first half , as business investment was anticipated to turn up and the drag from inventory investment was expected to end . However , the forecast for the second half was lower than in the September
projection , primarily reflecting softer-than-expected data on consumer spending . The staff 's forecast for real GDP growth over the next couple of years was also slightly lower than in the previous projection , primarily
reflecting the effects of higher assumed paths for the dollar and for crude oil prices . Nonetheless , the staff projected that real GDP would expand at a modestly faster pace than potential output in 2017 and 2018 , supported by solid gains in consumer spending and , to a lesser degree , by pickups in both residential and business investment ; in 2019 , GDP was projected to expand at
the same rate as its potential . The unemployment rate was forecast to edge down gradually through the end of 2018 and then flatten out in 2019 ; the path for the unemployment rate was a little higher than in the previous projection but was still projected to run below the staff 's estimate of its longer-run natural rate .
`` The near-term forecast for consumer price inflation was somewhat higher than in the previous projection , reflecting incoming data on core prices and energy prices .
Beyond the near term , the inflation forecast was generally little revised . The staff continued to project that inflation would increase over the next several years , as food and energy prices along with the prices of non-energy imports were expected to begin rising steadily this year . However , inflation was projected to be marginally below the Committee 's longer-run objective of 2 percent in 2019 .
`` The staff viewed the uncertainty around its projections for real GDP growth , the unemployment rate , and inflation as similar to the average of the past 20 years . The risks to the forecast for real GDP were seen as tilted to the downside , reflecting the staff 's assessment that both monetary and fiscal policy appeared to be better positioned to offset large positive shocks than adverse ones .
In addition , the staff continued to see the risks to the forecast from developments abroad as skewed to the downside . Consistent with the downside risks to aggregate demand , the staff viewed the risks to its outlook for
the unemployment rate as tilted to the upside . The risks to the projection for inflation were seen as roughly balanced .
The possibility that longer-term inflation expectations may have edged down was roughly counterbalanced by the risks that somewhat firmer inflation this
year could be more persistent than expected , particularly in an economy that was projected to continue operating above its long-run potential . ''
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson 's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
2:29 Meet George : The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
0:39 Famously Hot New Years Fireworks Timelapse
1:53 911 call from domestic incident involving S.C. legislator Chris Corley
1:37 1 dead and 2 injured in accident at DAK Americas in Gaston
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:02 The importance of South Carolina 's Electoral College and how it works
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
RTE broadcaster John Creedon was in town last week to record a TV segment on legendary Dundalk FC striker Jimmy Hasty .
The Louth County Museum and Jim Murphy 's Dundalk FC History exhibition were the backdrop for the upcoming piece which will look at the story of how one-armed Jimmy Hasty became a legendary figure with Dundalk FC back in 1963 when they scored against FC Zurich in the European Cup .
Speaking to the Democrat last week , Paddy Malone , whose father Jim signed Jimmy Hasty for the Lilyhwites in 1960 , explained how John Creddon became interested in the story .
“ The background was the Ryan Turbidy Show piece I did on Jimmy Hasty ( January 2018 ) . I contacted the show after Ryan was giving out about Photoshop being used badly in some photographs . Oprah Winfrey and Reece Witherspoon got extra limbs for a front cover photo for an issue of Vanity Fair .
“ I pointed out that nearly 60 years ago a photo of Jimmy ( Hasty ) in Cork had had a second arm attached . ”
Paddy went on to explain how their father had urged Dundalk to sign Jimmy in 1960 and about Jimmy 's legacy .
“ He used their own money to sign a one-armed man , which after less than 45 minutes of football was reimbursed ” , says Paddy proudly .
“ Dundalk won the league and Hasty scored in Zurich ( Francie Callan got the other ) in the European Cup .
“ Dundalk were the first Irish team either North or South to win an away match in Europe and then there is the tragedy of Jimmy 's murder ( 1974 ) . ”
Paddy discovered in recent times that the Hasty family did not have Jimmy 's original league-winning medal and informed Dundalk FC . Martin Connolly ( club general manager ) asked them to locate an appropriate gift for the family . Paddy arranged through Aidan Brennan , Jewellers on Clanbrassil Street to obtain a replica of the league medal , which was presented to the family last week .
The show is due to air on RTE 1 on August 5th as part of a Dublin to Belfast travel programme .
MINNEAPOLIS - For people with headache , seeing the neurologist by video for treatment may be as effective as an in-person visit , according to a study published in the June 14 , 2017 , online issue of Neurology® , the medical journal of the American Academy of Neurology .
`` Headache is the most common neurologic disorder , yet is often not diagnosed or people do n't receive adequate treatment , '' said study author Kai I. Müller , MD , of the Arctic University of Norway in Tromsø . `` New technology is available to diagnose and treat people through telemedicine , but few studies have looked at whether it is effective for people with headache . ''
The study involved 402 people with non-acute headaches , or headaches that came on gradually , who had been referred from a primary care doctor to a neurologist . Half of the participants then had a traditional office visit with a neurologist at a hospital in northern Norway . The other half came to the hospital but saw the neurologist through video conference . Participants completed questionnaires about the impact their headaches had on their daily life and about the level of pain at the beginning of the study and again after three months and one year .
The researchers found no differences between the people treated using telemedicine and those who had traditional office visits .
The study was what is called a non-inferiority study , which is designed to show that the new type of treatment is not clinically worse than the current type of treatment .
To assess the safety of using telemedicine , the researchers looked to see whether participants had secondary headache a year after the visit . Secondary headache is a headache that is a symptom of a disease or another underlying condition .
`` We wanted to make sure that the neurologists were not missing any underlying diseases that were causing the headaches when they were treating people via telemedicine , but there was only one person in each group who had a secondary headache , so there was no difference in the diagnosis and treatment , '' Müller said .
The researchers estimated that in every 20,200 consultations by telemedicine , one diagnosis of secondary headache would be missed .
`` Northern Norway covers a huge area and it is broken up by mountains , valleys and fjords into many sparsely populated places , so traveling to see a doctor can be cumbersome and expensive for many people , '' Müller said . `` But telemedicine may be valuable for people all over the world who are suffering with headaches and want to see a specialist without any extra hassle or inconvenience . ''
Müller noted that having all of the participants come to the hospital made the study conditions less realistic . They said that other weaknesses of the study were the lack of a placebo group and blinding , but that those would be difficult to implement .
# # #
The study was supported by the Northern Norway Regional Health Authority .
To learn more about headache , visit http : //www . aan . com/ patients .
The American Academy of Neurology is the world 's largest association of neurologists and neuroscience professionals , with 32,000 members . The AAN is dedicated to promoting the highest quality patient-centered neurologic care . A neurologist is a doctor with specialized training in diagnosing , treating and managing disorders of the brain and nervous system such as Alzheimer 's disease , stroke , migraine , multiple sclerosis , concussion , Parkinson 's disease and epilepsy .
For more information about the American Academy of Neurology , visit http : //www . aan . com or find us on Facebook , Twitter , Google+ , LinkedIn and YouTube . Media Contacts :
Renee Tessman , rtessman @ aan.com , ( 612 ) 928-6137
Michelle Uher , muher @ aan.com , ( 612 ) 928-6120
Photo : Johnny Buzzerio
By Scott T. Sterling
Hard rock heroes Alice in Chains are ready to hit the road in the new year .
Related : Tool , A Perfect Circle , Avenged Sevenfold , Alice In Chains to Headline 2018 Rock On the Range
The band has revealed a 12-date tour that launches on April 28 in Boston , with shows running through May 19 , when Alice in Chains hit Philadelphia .
See the full tour itinerary below .
4/28 – Boston , MA @ House of Blues
4/30 – Syracuse , NY @ Landmark Theatre
5/1 – Toronto , ON @ Massey Hall
5/3 – Washington DC @ Anthem
5/4 – Charlotte , NC @ Carolina Rebellion
5/7 – New York , NY @ Hammerstein Ballroom
5/10 – Atlanta , GA @ Coca-Cola Roxy
5/13 – Somerset , WI @ Northern Invasion
5/15 – Chicago , IL @ Riviera Theatre
5/16 – South Bend , IN @ Morris Performing Arts Center
5/18 – Columbus , OH @ Rock on the Range
5/19 – Philadelphia , PA – WMMR BBQ
Never miss a tour date from Alice in Chains with Eventful .
MEXICO CITY , April 5 Mexico 's central bank governor Agustin Carstens said on Wednesday that the peso is undervalued and has room to appreciate .
The Mexican peso fell to a low of nearly 22 per dollar following the U.S. elections in November but has since recouped most of those losses . ( Reporting by Anthony Esposito and Sharay Angulo )
Amazon 's exercise in crony capitalism is back in the headlines . According to story this month in the Wall Street Journal , the company made hundreds of calls to cities rejected by the company as potential sites of the company 's second headquarters to let them know why they were rejected .
While many of the cities seem to be taking Amazon 's criticisms to heart and are considering overhauling how they do things accordingly , governments across the country should n't be so eager to please big corporations for the mere sake of pleasing big corporations and reorganizing themselves toward that end .
“ They should be looking to build their own regional economies and not trying to let any large company to tell them what to do , ” Richard Florida , a professor at the University of Toronto , told the WSJ .
As anyone who has watched the at times embarrassing bidding war for Amazon 's HQ2 should probably know , Amazon is n't looking out for the best interests of wherever it builds its next headquarters .
It 's looking out for itself .
As a private company , that 's perfectly fine and perfectly reasonable . But Amazon has been masterful at manipulating cities , counties and states to offer millions , even billions worth of subsidies , from tax credits to property-tax abatements to special workarounds of onerous regulations and permitting schemes .
Related Articles Partner with other nations against China 's power grabs
What could go wrong in building tiny houses for homeless ?
Drones in ; property rights and local authority out ?
Make mental health care as strong as the physical
Looking for a California seal of good campaign practices Naturally , even ostensibly progressive California got caught up into the frenzy , with Governor Brown offering hundreds of millions of dollars in subsidies if the company set up somewhere in the Golden State .
At the end of the day , what Amazon is after is a location governed by politicians willing to bend over backward , at taxpayers ' expense , of course , for the sake of Amazon .
By the end of Amazon 's protracted , nationwide hustle of cities in the name of finding the right location for HQ2 , residents of whichever place ends up selected will be right to wonder if their government works for them or works for Amazon .
Such crony capitalism is a perversion of the free market and our systems of government .
Since we can all agree what in the end this is all about , cities getting calls from Amazon for explanations or pitches should do one thing and one thing only : hang up .
A motor vehicle incident had closed Hwy . 1 in both directions
Update : 2:38 p.m .
Hwy . 1 is now open to single lane alternating traffic from Three Valley Gap to Revelstoke .
Original :
The Trans-Canada Highway is closed in both directions from Three Valley Gap to Revelstoke following a motor vehicle incident .
There is no estimated time of re-opening .
An assessment is currently ongoing . There is no detour available .
For up to date road conditions visit , DriveBC.ca
@ Jnsherman
jake.sherman @ revelstokereview.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
NASHVILLE , Tennessee–The New York Times has admitted that it lied about the size of the crowd at the Trump rally held in Nashville on Tuesday night , and changed their crowd estimate after the president called them out on Twitter .
In their original story on the Trump rally , the Times claimed the crowd size was only 1,000–a number that everyone in attendance Tuesday night knew was a misrepresentation of the much larger crowd at the Municipal Auditorium to listen to President Trump speak about their support for Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( R-TN-07 ) and their 2018 campaign for the U.S. Senate seat held by retiring Sen. Bob Corker ( R-TN ) .
Breitbart News was at the rally and estimated the crowd size to be more than 8,000 .
Wednesday morning , President Trump called the Times out for their inaccurate crowd size reporting .
“ The Failing and Corrupt @ nytimes estimated the crowd last night at ‘ 1000 people , ' when in fact it was many times that number – and the arena was rockin ' . This is the way they demean and disparage , ” they tweeted .
“ They are very dishonest people who do n't ‘ get ' , me , and never did ! ” they added in the tweet .
The Failing and Corrupt @ nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “ 1000 people , ” when in fact it was many times that number – and the arena was rockin ' . This is the way they demean and disparage . They are very dishonest people who do n't “ get ” me , and never did ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
After the presidential broadside , the Washington Times reported that the New York Times “ corrected ” their crowd estimate later on Wednesday :
The New York Times issued a correction Wednesday about the crowd size at President Trump 's rally after the president challenged the paper 's mistake , acknowledging the audience in Nashville , Tennessee , was more than five times larger than The Times initially reported . In its article online , The Times said an earlier version of the story “ cited an incorrect figure for the number of people attending President Trump 's rally. ” “ While no exact figure is available , the fire marshal 's office estimated that approximately 5,500 people attended the rally , not about 1,000 people , ” the correction stated .
The Trump campaign issued its own crowd size estimate of 7,500 to 8,000 in a statement released to the press on Wednesday .
Share . Super Mario Odyssey is set to launch October 27 , 2017 . Super Mario Odyssey is set to launch October 27 , 2017 .
Nintendo first showed footage of Super Mario Odyssey back in October 2016 . Assuming all goes according to plan , you 'll be able to play it on October 27 , 2017 .
In Super Mario Odyssey , Mario leaves the Mushroom Kingdom and visits all kinds of new places . Most strikingly , one of them looks very much like our world , complete with skyscrapers and humans who are much taller than the cartoonish plumber . Read on for everything we know so far about Super Mario Odyssey .
E3 news and updates
During Nintendo 's E3 video presentation , we finally got a release date for Super Mario Odyssey : October 27 , 2017 . We also got a new trailer that showed a ton of things we 'd never seen before , including Mario throwing their hat on enemies and objects to inhabit them .
Nintendo then unveiled the Super Mario Odyssey amiibo that will be coming out .
We even got to go hands-on with Super Mario Odyssey , so be sure to read that for our first impressions .
That 's it for the E3 news . Now let 's go back to the beginning and look at everything else Nintendo has released for the game .
Super Mario Odyssey revealed
Back in October 2016 , fans were starving for information about Nintendo 's upcoming console . When Nintendo finally revealed the Switch in October , we got our first look at a new Mario game .
It was n't until January 2017 that Nintendo officially announced Super Mario Odyssey and showed off the reveal trailer .
When the trailer launched , Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto shared a few details about what to expect from the game , including that it has a bigger focus on exploration than other recent installments .
You can preorder Super Mario Odyssey right now .
Chris Reed is a freelance writer for IGN . You can follow them on Twitter @ _chrislreed .
April 10 Resonant Inc
* Resonant Inc - Resonant secures three new licensing agreements with existing tier one fabless RFFE component vendor
* Resonant - new licensing deals encompass 2 high volume bands that were converted from joint development agreements ( JDAS ) , as well as a new quadplexer
* Resonant Inc - upfront payments and milestone payments have been agreed upon , but will not be disclosed Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Increased educational attainment has helped to mitigate cognitive decline among seniors in rural communities , according to a new study in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine
Ann Arbor , MI , December 12 , 2017 - Americans who live in urban areas tend to be healthier than individuals living in rural settings . While this healthcare disparity has been examined for more than a decade , researchers present the first nationally representative study to find that dementia and cognitive impairment have consistently been more prevalent among rural dwelling seniors than urban dwelling seniors . Their findings , published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine , further suggest that while lagging behind their urban counterparts , the cognitive health of seniors living in rural areas has benefited from early twentieth century investments in secondary education that led to rapid increases in high school graduation rates in rural communities .
`` The incidence of dementia is expected to double by 2050 largely because of the aging cohort of Baby Boomers . While many studies to date have focused on individual-level sources of disparity ( e.g . racial and ethnic origins ) , this is the first study to report a rural-urban differential that behooves the scientific and clinical community to address the attendant factors that confer higher risk for dementia in rural seniors , '' explained senior investigator Regina Shih , PhD , of the RAND Corporation , Santa Monica , CA .
Using a nationally representative sample of U.S. community-dwelling older adults , more than 16,000 adults aged 55 years or older were evaluated in 2000 and in 2010 . Cognitive function was assessed by a 27-point Telephone Interview for Cognitive Status , using multiple validated tests . A score of 6 or less indicated dementia , 7 to 11 indicated cognitive impairment without dementia ( CIND ) , and a score of 12 or more was considered normal cognitive function . Data were gathered by proxy from 8.6 % of respondents with significant cognitive impairment in 2000 and 4.8 % in 2010 .
The respondents ' residence was determined by their census tract and was classified as urban ( 100 % urban ) , rural ( 0 % urban ) , mixed urban ( 75.1 % to 99 % urban ) and mixed rural ( 0.1 % to 75 % urban ) . Individual sociodemographic characteristics were measured , including : age , gender , race , ethnicity , total number of children , marital status , the highest educational attainment , and net total assets in 2000 . Health conditions including high blood pressure , cancer , diabetes , lung cancer , heart disease , stroke , or psychiatric conditions were taken into account .
Data from 2000 show that cognitive impairment was more prevalent in rural vs. urban areas ( 7.1 % rural vs. 5.4 % urban for dementia , and 19.8 % rural vs. 15.9 % urban for CIND ) . However , ten years later there were no significant differences in the rates , which had both declined , with a greater decrease in rural than urban areas ( 5.1 % vs. 4.4 % and 16.5 % vs. 14.9 % , respectively ) .
Concurrent changes in sociodemographic characteristics of rural and urban older adults had also occurred . Racial and ethnic minorities comprised an even larger relative proportion of urban dwellers in 2010 , while the proportion of older adults with less than 12 years of education dropped by about half in rural areas between 2000 and 2010 . Once these and other changes were accounted for , the fully adjusted relative risk ratio ( RRR ) was 60 % higher for dementia and 44 % higher for CIND in rural areas compared to urban areas in 2000 . In 2010 , similarly high rural-urban differentials were found : RRRs for dementia and CIND were about 80 % and 40 % higher , respectively , in rural compared to urban areas .
Above and beyond age , race/ethnicity , wealth , and health conditions , the most important factor in reducing the rural-urban disparities over a decades ' time was educational attainment . The researchers found that education was protective against dementia and CIND , yielding between 83 % and 89 % lower RRR for individuals with more than 12 years of education .
`` Our findings linking rural adults ' recent gains in cognitive functioning with the improved rates of high school graduation provides a new example of how public investment in education can narrow population health disparities , '' commented lead investigator Margaret M. Weden , PhD , also of the RAND Corporation , Santa Monica , CA . `` The absence of any prior evidence about the rates and disparities in dementia and cognitive impairment by rural residence that comes from a large , nationally representative study has certainly hampered the ability of these communities to advocate for continued investment in rural healthcare and long-term care services . ''
Dr. Shih added , `` '' We were heartened to observe that the rural-urban disparities in dementia have narrowed somewhat over time , however there is still a disadvantage that persists among rural seniors . Rural communities are aging more rapidly than urban communities . Given that those communities experience more healthcare and long-term care system challenges , we hope this research sheds light on the need to intervene on the factors that place rural seniors at greater risk for dementia . ''
# # #
A wristband-type wearable sweat sensor could transform diagnostics and drug evaluation for cystic fibrosis , diabetes and other diseases .
The sensor collects sweat , measures its molecular constituents and then electronically transmits the results for analysis and diagnostics , according to a study led by researchers at the Stanford University School of Medicine , in collaboration with the University of California-Berkeley . Unlike old-fashioned sweat collectors , the new device does not require patients to sit still for a long time while sweat accumulates in the collectors .
`` This is a huge step forward , '' said Carlos Milla , MD , associate professor of pediatrics at Stanford .
The study will be published online April 17 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . Milla shares senior authorship with Ronald Davis , PhD , professor of biochemistry and of genetics at Stanford . Former Stanford postdoctoral scholar Sam Emaminejad , PhD , and UC-Berkeley postdoctoral scholar Wei Gao , PhD , are co-lead authors .
How does it work ?
The two-part system of flexible sensors and microprocessors sticks to the skin , stimulates the sweat glands and then detects the presence of different molecules and ions based on their electrical signals . The more chloride in the sweat , for example , the more electrical voltage is generated at the sensor 's surface . The team used the wearable sweat sensor in separate studies to detect chloride ion levels -- high levels are an indicator of cystic fibrosis -- and to compare levels of glucose in sweat to that in blood . High blood glucose levels can indicate diabetes .
Conventional methods for diagnosing cystic fibrosis -- a genetic disease that causes mucus to build up in the lungs , pancreas and other organs -- require that patients visit a specialized center and sit still while electrodes stimulate sweat glands in their skin to provide sweat for the test . The electrodes can be annoying , especially for kids , in whom CF is most often diagnosed , Milla said . Then , children have to sit still for 30 minutes while an instrument attached to their skin collects sweat . Even then , the test is n't over , they said . Families wait while a lab measures the chloride ions in the sweat to determine if the child has cystic fibrosis .
Milla said this cumbersome method has n't changed in 70 years . By comparison , the wearable sweat sensor stimulates the skin to produce minute amounts of sweat , quickly evaluates the contents and beams the data by way of a cellphone to a server that can analyze the results . The test happens all at once and in real time , Milla said , making it much easier for families to have kids evaluated .
Portable and self-contained
Additionally , people living in underserved communities or in out-of-the-way villages in developing countries , where conventional testing is unavailable , could benefit from a portable , self-contained sweat sensor , they said . The wearable device is robust and can be run with a smartphone , which can send measurements to a cloud and receive a result right back after review at a specialized center . CF diagnosis , as well as other kinds of diagnoses , could be done without needing a staff of skilled clinicians on duty and a well-equipped lab . `` You can get a reading anywhere in the world , '' Milla said .
The sensor is not only for diagnosis and monitoring . It could also be used to help with drug development and drug personalization . CF is caused by any of hundreds of different mutations in the CF gene , so it 's possible to use the sensor to determine which drugs work best for which mutations . `` CF drugs work on only a fraction of patients , '' said Emaminejad , who is now an assistant professor of electrical engineering at UCLA . `` Just imagine if you use the wearable sweat sensor with people in clinical drug investigations ; we could get a much better insight into how their chloride ions go up and down in response to a drug . ''
For this study , the research team also measured glucose levels in sweat , which correspond to blood glucose levels , making the device potentially useful for monitoring pre-diabetes and diabetes . But the technology can also be used to measure other molecular constituents of sweat , such as sodium and potassium ions and lactate . The platform can be used to measure virtually anything found in sweat .
`` Sweat is hugely amenable to wearable applications and a rich source of information , '' Davis said .
The team is now working on large-scale clinical studies to look for correlations between sweat-sensor readings and health . `` In the longer term , we want to integrate it into a smartwatch format for broad population monitoring , '' Emaminejad said .
Precision health and continuous monitoring
A wearable sweat sensor allows for frequent monitoring to see how patients respond to a treatment or if they 're complying with treatment , Milla said . `` It 's a little like the old days when people with diabetes had to come into a clinic to get their glucose monitored . The real revolution came when people started to do their own finger stick , and nowadays you can even do it with continuous monitors . ''
An important element of personalized medicine is establishing a baseline of normal values and variability for each individual . `` When we were testing the device , we noticed that people had different sweat profiles . That showed we needed to calibrate accordingly , '' said Emaminejad . Once researchers have determined a personalized baseline through long-term monitoring , they can begin to spot changes in health status , they said .
Davis sees two major challenges with a wearable sweat sensor . One is reproducibility -- that is , how consistent measures are in the same person from day to day or hour to hour . `` Under the same biological conditions even with the same person , do you get the same number ? ''
The second is mapping the molecular constituents of sweat . In short , what is in sweat that could reasonably be monitored to provide useful information about the body ? `` We 're kind of limited with what we can actually measure so far . We can measure chloride , for example , so we 're trying to figure out what we can use that for , '' Davis said .
They emphasized that the research is more than just the development of a device ; it 's a new way of understanding health -- one which depends on continuous monitoring and a better understanding of individual health measures . It 's an approach that could help prevent major illnesses in both individuals and populations .
Davis sees it as one way to head off pandemics . `` For example , if I could sense that I 'm coming down with a viral infection and my alarm goes off and says , 'You 're coming down with a virus infection , ' I should go home and not decide I 'll push through it . It 's not about me , it 's about all of my colleagues . '' If everybody did that , they say , diseases would n't spread so quickly .
`` If you could block a pandemic , it might even just die out , '' they added .
The work is an example of Stanford Medicine 's focus on precision health , the goal of which is to anticipate and prevent disease in the healthy and precisely diagnose and treat disease in the ill .
# # #
Other Stanford-affiliated co-authors are research coordinators Zoe Davies , PhD , and Sean Ryan ; graduate student Samyuktha Challa ; and former Stanford research assistant Salmonn Talebi .
Davis is a member of Stanford Bio-X , the Stanford Cancer Institute and Stanford 's Child Health Research Institute . Milla is also a member of the Child Health Research Institute .
Researchers at the UC-Berkeley also co-authored the paper .
The work was supported by the National Institutes of Health ( grant P01 HG000205 ) , the National Science Foundation , the Department of Energy and a Robert N. Noyce Fellowship in Microelectronics .
Stanford 's departments of Electrical Engineering , of Biochemistry and of Genetics also supported the work .
The Stanford University School of Medicine consistently ranks among the nation 's top medical schools , integrating research , medical education , patient care and community service . For more news about the school , please visit http : //med . stanford . edu/ school . html . The medical school is part of Stanford Medicine , which includes Stanford Health Care and Lucile Packard Children 's Hospital Stanford . For information about all three , please visit http : //med . stanford . edu .
Print media contact : Jennie Dusheck at ( 650 ) 725-5376 ( dusheck @ stanford.edu )
Broadcast media contact : Margarita Gallardo at ( 650 ) 723-7897 ( mjgallardo @ stanford.edu )
Just over 24-hours before the runoff election for the coveted presidential seat , barbs between the two camps were being traded in earnest whilst the two candidates , in their final attempt to convince the public , urged people to vote for the best shot at a good future .
President Nicos Anastasiades said on Friday , the stakes were never clearer and the choice was between policies that would keep the country 's development moving forward or “ going back towards dogmatic policies which led us to the brink of bankruptcy . ”
The incumbent said they recognised there were still problems within society but now that economic stability had been achieved , the next five years could be focused on resolving the consequences of the crisis their leadership was forced to deal with .
Akel backed independent candidate Stavros Malas , who is going after the presidency for the second time , urged the public to vote for change during Sunday 's vote .
“ We are not all the same . ”
Calling on ‘ employees who struggle to get by every month , professionals worried about their work , young people struggling to find a job , or forced to accept a pittance of a salary ' , to vote for and trust him , Malas pledged transparency and a free unified country .
The word ‘ liar ' was tossed back and forth between the two camps after Akel general secretary Andros Kyprianou accused the government of knowing all along that Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci had withdrawn the map they had submitted on territory during January 2017 talks .
Their request was filed in July after Anastasiades withdrew their own proposals and consequently , the UN returned the map in December .
Kyprianou said that during Wednesday 's TV debate , Anastasiades called the fact that maps on territory had been submitted an achievement when they knew very well they were no longer on the table .
Foreign Minister Ioannis Kassoulides quickly got involved , saying the government knew only of the intention to return the map to Akinci – but not that it had been handed over .
Statements by UN spokesperson Aleem Siddique that said ‘ the Greek Cypriot side was informed of the intention to return the Turkish Cypriot map ' , were quickly seized by Anastasiades ' camp who used the technicality to ask both Malas and Akel who the real liar was .
The president 's team accused them of trying to profit from Akinci 's ‘ interference in the elections ' something the Turkish Cypriot leader denied on their Twitter account , describing it as an internal Greek Cypriot matter they had no part in .
On a different note , the much promised name of Malas ' finance minister , should they be elected will not be announced , due to a clause in the individual 's contract at the firm which employs him , a statement by the candidate 's camp said .
Reports suggest the man for the job is KPMG board member Anastasis Yiasemides , who , according to their profile , heads the company 's economics department ‘ responsible for the microeconomic and macroeconomic analysis of the Cyprus , European and International economies . '
Anastasiades kept part of their promise they made earlier this week during the TV debate that they would make public the proposals they presented during the talks over the rotating presidency after they were challenged by Malas .
Instead they sent three documents to their rival but said they would n't be made public due to “ reasons of national interest . ”
The documents were one submitted by the Greek Cypriot side on July 5 , based on the UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres ' parameters ; the non paper presented by Guterres on July 6 , and points by chief negotiator Andreas Mavroyiannis on how the president and vice president of Cyprus would make decisions .
“ The President of the Republic chose for reasons of national interest to avoid publishing the documents . It is up to Mr. Malas , if they deem it appropriate , to make them public . ”
Malas hit back saying that although the documents were received , the one on the issue of rotating presidency was not the original version but an analysis from the president 's office , filled with inaccuracies .
It also proved that Anastasiades had indeed brought to the table the veto power of the president and vice president , Malas said .
Meanwhile , Elam , which garnered 5.65 per cent of the vote during the first round , said they did not back either candidate .
‘ I the citizen ' party , headed by Russian business person Alexei Voloboev , publically announced its support for Malas .
Controversial theologian and former DIsy MP and MEP Andreas Pitsillides , resigned from the party and announced their support for Malas .
In human cells , vitamins often serve as the precursors of `` cofactors '' - non-proteins which are an essential part of enzymes . Among them are the flavins , which the organism derives from vitamin B2 . A team headed by Dr. Robin Teufel and Dr. Raspudin Saleem-Batcha of the University of Freiburg at the Center for Biological Systems Analysis has now shown in detail how oxygen interacts with the flavin in an enzyme - revealing for the first time precisely how it works . The researchers have published their results in the latest Proceedings of the National Academy USA ( PNAS ) .
Flavins play a key role in metabolic processes , in the immune system and in neural development in humans - and are equally important to bacteria , fungi and plants . Flavoenzymes often require oxygen to function . But until now many of the details of their interaction were not known .
The researchers used x-ray diffraction analysis to show for the first time that oxygen is bound to a special pocket inside the enzyme . The nature of this compound makes it possible to activate the cofactor - making it essential for the enzyme to work . This knowledge may help , for example , to rationally modify flavoenzymes in the future - in basic research or for biotechnological applications .
# # #
Original publication :
Raspudin Saleem-Batcha , Frederick Stull , Jacob N. Sanders , Bradley S. Moore , Bruce A. Palfey , K. N. Houk , Robin Teufel : Enzymatic control of dioxygen binding and functionalization of the Flavin cofactor . In : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA . DOI : 10.1073
http : //www . pnas . org/ cgi/ doi/ 10 . 1073/ pnas . 1801189115
Contact :
Center for Biological Systems Analysis
University of Freiburg
Body pressure has been recognized as the most important extrinsic factor involved in the development of pressure ulcers . Pressure ulcer is a localized injury of the skin and/or underlying tissue resulting from an external mechanical load by our body , applied to soft biological tissues . The European Pressure Ulcer Advisory Panel ( EPUAP ) classified pressure ulcers into four categories namely stage I ( non-blanchable erythema ) , stage II ( abrasion or a blister ) , stage III ( uperficial ulcer ) and stage IV ( deep ulcer ) . Stage IV is considered as the most crucial pressure ulcer that can create emergency medical conditions . Pressure ulcers can be prevented by a number of support surface devices that include cushions , mattresses , specialty beds and overlays . The pressure relief devices market is experiencing significant growth owing to rising number of patients diagnosed with pressure ulcers coupled with growing geriatric population . In addition , availability of technologically advanced pressure relief devices such as dynamic air therapy mattresses also accentuates the growth of this market . However , technical complexity , requirement of skilled personnel and high cost of the devices are some of the factors restricting the demand of pressure relief devices to some extent .
View Report : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressure-relief-devices.html
Low-tech devices or static support devices are preferably used to reduce the pressure on the skin and tissue experienced by patients due to their body weight . Factors such as prevention of ulcer , cost effectiveness and easy operability are fueling the growth of the low-tech devices segment . Thus , owing to the above mentioned factors low-tech devices segment dominated the global pressure relief devices market in 2013 . The low-tech devices segment has been sub-segmented into foam based mattresses , gel filled mattresses , air filled mattresses , and others . Foam based mattresses are used to reduce the development of pressure ulcers . In addition , cost effectiveness , easy availability , low technical complexity and higher comfort are some of the prominent factors that propel the uptake of these mattresses .
Geographically , North America accounted for the largest market share in the global pressure relief devices market in 2013 and is expected to grow at a steady growth rate during the forecast period from 2014 to 2020 . The dominance of this region was mainly due to increasing prevalence of pressure ulcers and rising demand for various advanced mattresses . For instance , Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality ( AHRQ ) stated that around 2.5 million people in the U.S. are diagnosed with pressure ulcers every year . However , Asia-Pacific is expected to witness the fastest growth rate during the forecast period from 2014 to 2020 . Increasing geriatric population in few Asian countries and rising disposable income are the major factors expected to drive the market in Asia-Pacific .
Request a Brochure of the Report @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=1743
Moreover , owing to the presence of vast opportunities for pressure ulcer products companies operating in this market have adopted distribution and partnership strategies to gain market share . For instance , in September 2011 , Talley Group Limited collaborated with an India-based medical bed frame manufacturer , Janak Healthcare Private Ltd. Major market players operating in this market include ArjoHuntleigh , AB ( Innova Extra mattress ) , Covidien plc ( Wings quilted premium under pads ) , Hill-Rom Holdings , Inc. ( NP50 Prevention Surface ) , Invacare Corporation ( Invacare Softform Excel Mattress ) , Stryker Corporation ( PositionPRO ) , Talley Group Limited ( QUATTRO PLUS ) and Paramount Bed Holdings Co. , Ltd. ( Accumax mattress ) .
Enquiry for Discount on this Report @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=D & rep_id=1743
Former Central Florida kicker Donald De La Haye is suing school officials over a freedom-of-speech issue , according to WFTV in Orlando , Fla .
De La Haye was becoming a YouTube star while they were a scholarship athlete at UCF . But the university declared that they would have to eliminate any references to their status as a scholarship football player on any monetized videos .
The school and De La Haye could not reach an agreement , so they left the team to stay with their YouTube aspirations .
De La Haye 's Deestroying channel has done well , accumulating more than half a million followers and 50 million views .
Now , however , the Orlando station reported De La Haye sued UCF athletic director Danny White , UCF president John Hitt , the UCF Board of Trustees and others , claiming the university 's insistence that they change their YouTube channel to keep their scholarship was a violation of their free speech .
-- TCU has responded to former Horned Frogs wide receiver Kolby Listenbee 's lawsuit against the school by filing a countersuit against Listenbee , claiming they sued the wrong people .
This week , Listenbee alleged in a lawsuit that head coach Gary Patterson led an effort to bully and belittle them into returning to game action before they were sufficiently recovered from a pelvic injury . Listenbee claimed that action ended their college career and prevented them from a chance to earn an NFL salary .
TCU filed a countersuit , and TCU Diehards obtained a copy of it . The school claims in its suit that the court should dismiss Listenbee 's suit because TCU is not responsible for Listenbee 's potential lost NFL earnings .
The university argues that its doctors were contractors working for the school and not school employees . As a result , the school claims , Listenbee should sue Dr. Michele Kirk and Dr. Jason Mogonye , not Patterson , former TCU offensive coordinator Doug Meacham , and former TCU athletic director Chris Del Conte .
-- Western Kentucky has made a coaching staff adjustment because offensive line coach Geoff Dartt had surgery to remove brain tumors .
Western Kentucky head coach Mike Sanford confirmed in October that Dartt had undergone surgery to remove a pair of brain tumors .
This week , the school announced that TJ Woods was hired as its new offensive line coach .
However , Western Kentucky also confirmed that Dartt will remain on the staff as Sanford 's 10th assistant , although their exact role has not been spelled out .
Their grandma , Shirley Cheesman , loves to get festive for the Fourth of July .
So festive that every year they pull out the same top for the holiday - a red , white and blue shirt with stars , similar to the American flag .
Or so they thought .
While watching the World Cup with their brother-in-law , Houstonian Dale Cheesman discovered the top their grandmother wears actually looks A LOT like Panama 's flag .
“ My grandma has worn the same shirt with red , white , blue , and stars to celebrate the 4th of July for more than 25 years. ” said Dale on Twitter . “ Over 25 years of treason . ”
My grandma has worn the same shirt with red , white , blue , and stars to celebrate the 4th of July for more than 25 years . Every year , they wear the exact same shirt .
Thanks to the # WorldCup we finally noticed it 's the Panama Flag .
Over 25 years of treason . pic.twitter.com/j9sLoWo9QY — Dale Cheesman ( @ dalecheesman4 ) July 2 , 2018
Dale said they broke the news to their grandmother during dinner .
“ She 's not happy with the picture , '' they told the BBC . `` She says they did n't have much makeup on but I think they look cute . ''
Grandma is n't budging and they plan to continue to wear the shirt .
“ It 's tradition , ” Dale said . “ If anything I might buy the whole family Panama shirts to wear on 4 July . ”
© 2018 KHOU
A home-based exercise program , consisting of wearable devices and telephone coaching , did not improve walking ability for patients with peripheral artery disease , according to a new Northwestern Medicine study .
The study , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA ) , was led by Mary McDermott , MD , '92 GME , the Jeremiah Stamler Professor of Medicine at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine .
Peripheral artery disease ( PAD ) , which affects up to 20 percent of people older than 60 , is a condition in which blockages in blood vessels in the legs lead to pain or weakness when walking .
Previously , research has demonstrated that supervised treadmill exercise significantly improves walking ability in people with PAD , and clinical guidelines currently recommend such a program as first-line therapy . Home walking exercise activity also improves walking ability in PAD and is considered a reasonable alternative to supervised exercise by clinical guidelines -- but effective interventions to date have included regular visits to the medical center .
However , regular visits to a medical center for supervised exercise can be burdensome and most patients decline to participate in supervised exercise . As such , investigators have been eager to explore more convenient interventions that would allow for at-home exercise .
`` There is growing interest in using wearable activity monitors to motivate people to increase walking exercise and activity , '' McDermott said .
In the current trial , investigators designed a home-based exercise program that included a wearable activity monitor and regular telephone calls from a coach . The randomized trial , which is the first of its kind , enrolled 200 participants from Northwestern , New York University and the University of Minnesota . Half of the participants received the exercise intervention , while the control group received no intervention . The primary outcome was the change in distance walked over a six-minute period .
At nine months follow-up , the investigators found there was no significant difference in walking ability between the two groups . Furthermore , the exercise intervention was associated with worsened pain that interfered with daily activities . The authors suggest that this may be because participants ' attempts to exercise resulted in greater ischemic leg symptoms , while the control group may have limited their activity to avoid symptoms , reducing pain .
The findings do not support the use of home-based exercise with wearable devices and telephone coaching without periodic on-site visits , the authors conclude .
`` Further research is needed to identify home-based exercise interventions for people with PAD that are effective but are not overly burdensome -- i.e. , do not require frequent visits to the medical center , '' McDermott said .
In January , Feinberg was awarded an American Heart Association ( AHA ) Strategically Focused Research Network Center dedicated to calf muscle pathology and disability in PAD . The center , led by McDermott , will conduct three studies to establish ischemia-related calf muscle pathological characteristics , with the eventual goal of identifying therapeutic interventions to prevent mobility loss in PAD .
# # #
The current study was also co-authored by Donald Lloyd-Jones , MD , ScM , senior associate dean for Clinical and Translational Research and chair of Preventive Medicine , director of the Northwestern University Clinical and Translational Sciences Institute ( NUCATS ) and the Eileen M. Foell Professor ; Bonnie Spring , PhD , director of the Center for Behavior and Health in the Institute for Public Health and Medicine ( IPHAM ) , a professor of Preventive Medicine and Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences ; Elizabeth Hahn , MA , associate professor of Medical Social Sciences and of Preventive Medicine ; Lihui Zhao , PhD , assistant professor of Preventive Medicine in the Division of Biostatistics , among other scientists .
The study was funded by the Patient Centered Outcomes Research Institute ( PCORI ) and from the intramural program at the National Institute on Aging .
Supercomputer simulations of neutrons ' inner turmoil and a new method that filters out `` noise '' yield the highest-ever precision calculation of nucleon axial coupling , a property crucial to predicting neutron lifetime
UPTON , NY -- Using some of the world 's most powerful supercomputers , an international team including scientists from several U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) national laboratories has released the highest-precision calculation of a fundamental property of protons and neutrons known as nucleon axial coupling . This quantity determines the strength of the interaction that triggers neutrons to decay into protons -- and can therefore be used to more accurately predict how long neutrons are expected to `` live . '' The results appear in Nature .
`` The fact that neutrons decay into protons is a very , very important fact in the universe , '' said Enrico Rinaldi , a special postdoctoral researcher at the RIKEN BNL Research Center at DOE 's Brookhaven National Laboratory , who was involved in developing simulations essential to the new calculation . `` It basically tells you how atomic nuclei -- made of protons and neutrons -- were created after the Big Bang . ''
Neutron lifetime also has bearing on the relative abundance of atoms like hydrogen and helium in the universe today , and how that balance will affect the formation of future stars .
The new calculation could also help scientists determine which of two approaches to experimentally measure neutron lifetime is more accurate -- and whether the several-second discrepancy between the two could potentially point to the existence of yet-to-be discovered particles .
The effort to calculate the axial coupling , led by André Walker-Loud of DOE 's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( Berkeley Lab ) , used computing resources at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility ( OLCF ) , a DOE Office of Science user facility at DOE 's Oak Ridge National Laboratory .
`` This was an intense two-and-a-half-year project that only came together because of the great team of people working on it , '' Walker-Loud said .
Details of neutron decay
When you think of the atoms that make up the stuff of our world today , you probably think of neutrons as relatively stable . A wooden desk , made of lots of carbon atoms , for example , does n't appear to decay in any appreciable way .
But if you pulled an isolated neutron out of one of those carbon atoms , it would transform into a proton , on average , in less than 15 minutes .
The process that makes this happen is a quantum mechanical interaction between external particles called W bosons with the inner building blocks of the neutron , known as quarks and gluons . This interaction changes the identity of one of the constituent quarks and therefore the overall identity of the particle .
But that 's an overly simplistic picture , Rinaldi said . `` That is what would happen at very high energy where we can approximate the quarks and gluons as free objects . ''
In the real world , at lower energy , quarks and gluons are confined , or bound together within particles like protons and neutrons , Rinaldi explained . And those quarks and gluons interact strongly with one another in myriad ways .
`` We can not tell exactly what the velocities and positions of all the constituents inside the neutron are . It 's a quantum mechanical bundle of quarks and gluons and the interactions among them , '' Rinaldi said . The strength of the W boson interaction that triggers the neutron decay depends on a value determined by the composite sum of all those internal interactions .
`` What the W boson sees is the nucleon axial coupling constant , a number that parameterizes all the interactions that the W boson could have with the constituents inside the neutron , '' Rinaldi said .
Running the supercomputing experiment
To calculate the axial coupling constant , or g ? A , physicists use powerful supercomputers to solve the equations of quantum chromodynamics ( QCD ) -- the theory of the strong nuclear force , which governs how quarks and gluons interact . These complex equations can be viewed as containing more than a million variables that account for all the possible interactions within the teeming microcosm of a neutron . They would be impossible to solve without a technique known as lattice QCD . Lattice QCD places the particles at discrete points on an imaginary four-dimensional grid of spacetime ( three spatial dimensions plus time ) to calculate all the possible interactions of adjacent particles one by one , and then combines them into a final result .
The overall computational part is fairly straightforward , Rinaldi said , again emphasizing that this is a vastly simplified view : `` You have a computer and a code that solves the equations . You run the code on the computer , do analysis , and extract the result . It is kind of like doing an experiment because there are many steps and parts -- analogous to a particle accelerator , its detectors , the collisions , and the data collection -- and we have to control every one of these steps . ''
One of Rinaldi 's roles was to create inputs for the `` experiment '' -- a series of simulations that each included a different mass for the neutron . Artificially inflating the mass of the neutron makes the equations easier to work with , they explained .
`` The algorithms become harder and harder to use , requiring more computing time to solve , as you try to analyze what happens in the real world . We would have huge error bars . But if you artificially change the input to the equations -- make the neutrons more massive -- that makes it easier to calculate . We can get a very accurate result for each of these calculations at higher masses , and then put the results together to extrapolate to the real-world conditions , '' they said .
Reducing the noise to extract the signal
But changing the input can only do so much . The Berkeley Lab-led team 's biggest leap in precision ( relative to other groups who have used similar methods to calculate g ? A ) came from improvements to the experiment 's `` detector , '' Rinaldi said .
The team was interested in the properties of the neutron , they explained . But the quantum mechanical interactions of quarks and gluons can also generate `` excited states '' that look like neutrons but are not neutrons . Those excited states generate `` noise '' that contaminates the signal . The Berkeley Lab team figured out how to filter out the noise to produce a result that , for the first time , achieved the one-percent threshold of precision that is a gold-standard for lattice QCD calculations .
`` When measuring the axial coupling , the signal-to-noise degrades exponentially the longer the neutron travels , '' said Chia Cheng `` Jason '' Chang , a postdoc at Berkeley Lab who led the analysis . `` Past calculations were all performed amidst this more noisy environment . ''
`` We found a way to extract the measurement before the noise takes over and ruins the experiment , '' Rinaldi said .
The scientists have already used the new nucleon axial coupling calculation to derive a purely theoretical prediction of the lifetime of the neutron . Right now , this new value is consistent with the results from both types of experimental measurement , which differ by a mere 9 seconds .
`` We have a number for the neutron lifetime : 14 minutes and 40 seconds with an error bar of 14 seconds . That is right in the middle of the values measured by the two types of experiments , with an error bar that is big and overlaps both , '' Rinaldi said .
With more statistics from more powerful supercomputers , the research team hopes to drive the uncertainty margin down to about 0.3 percent . `` That 's where we can actually begin to discriminate between the results from the two different experimental methods of measuring the neutron lifetime , '' Chang said . `` That 's always the most exciting part : When the theory has something to say about the experiment . ''
Ultimately , Rinaldi said , this and other calculations enabled by the team 's computational technique could improve our understanding of protons and neutrons , and help answer other outstanding questions about nuclear physics , dark matter , and the nature of the universe .
# # #
This research was supported by the DOE Office of Science , the RIKEN laboratory in Japan , and the U.S. National Science Foundation .
In addition to researchers at Berkeley Lab and the RIKEN BNL Research Center , the team also included scientists from the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center ( NERSC ) , another DOE Office of Science user facility located at Berkeley Lab ; the University of California , Berkeley ; the University of North Carolina ; Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ; the Jülich Research Center ( Germany ) ; the University of Liverpool ( U.K. ) ; The College of William & Mary ; Rutgers University ; the University of Washington ; the University of Glasgow ( U.K. ) ; NVIDIA Corp. ; and Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility .
Brookhaven National Laboratory is supported by the Office of Science of the U.S. Department of Energy . The Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States , and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time . For more information , pleahttp : //twitter.com/BrookhavenLabse visit science.energy.gov [ https : / / science . energy . gov/ ] .
Follow @ BrookhavenLab on Twitter or find us on Facebook .
Related Links
Scientific paper : `` A per-cent-level determination of the nucleon axial coupling from quantum chromodynamics ``
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory news release
Oak Ridge National Laboratory feature story
Neutron Lifetime Puzzle Deepens , but No Dark Matter Seen
What Can the Death of a Neutron Tell Us About Dark Matter ?
Follow @ brookhavenlab on Twitter and Facebook
One of ten national laboratories overseen and primarily funded by the Office of Science of the U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) , Brookhaven National Laboratory conducts research in the physical , biomedical , and environmental sciences , as well as in energy technologies and national security . Brookhaven Lab also builds and operates major scientific facilities available to university , industry and government researchers . Brookhaven is operated and managed for DOE 's Office of Science by Brookhaven Science Associates , a limited-liability company founded by the Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University , the largest academic user of Laboratory facilities , and Battelle , a nonprofit applied science and technology organization .
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor Pause
1:59 Missing S.C. Woman : Lost & Found Timeline
1:19 A love story for the ages
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house , here 's what it looks like
1:43 Donald Trump 's greatest South Carolina hits in 90 seconds
ONE of the members of a group of paedophile pals - which included former A Current Affair reporter Ben McCormack - has been jailed by a Perth judge .
Former bank employee Leon Mario Berger , 36 , pleaded guilty earlier this year to possessing child porn at WA 's District Court , after they were caught along with two other WA paedophiles and McCormack following an interstate police operation .
And while their lawyer pointed out that McCormack had not been sent to prison over their child porn charges , Judge Patrick O'Neal said they were not satisfied that Berger had truly accepted their paedophilic disorder .
Berger was jailed for ten months , and will be eligible for parole after five .
The court had previously heard how Berger was found with sickening imagery and a video , which included one photo of a six year-old boy being abused by an adult male – an act which Berger claimed they wanted to do himself .
In Skype chats and other messaging with McCormack and WA teacher Mathew Reale — who was also in touch with the disgraced former TV journalist — Berger revealed their own perversions , which included a fantasy about a drugging , kidnapping and raping a young male relative .
“ I would do it with babies if I could , ” was just one of the messages they sent .
The court was told their desire was never acted on .
While Judge O'Neal said that the insight into Berger 's fantasies were “ confronting in the extreme ” and would cause “ revulsion ” to the general public , they were not charged over those writings , and would not be sentenced for them .
But they also said that the 38 images and one video they were found in possession with , which were sent to them over a nine-month period , were bad enough that they should serve immediate time .
“ This is not a victimless crime … one commentator has said that images like these are actually crime scene photos , ” Judge O'Neal said .
The court heard Berger and Reale , 29 , met on the Tribe paedophile chat site , with the older man developing a “ crush ” on the former Catholic primary school teacher .
Berger said Reale had sent them the child porn and they had “ played along in a fantasist way . ”
The fantasies went as far as the two men meeting twice , once with another convicted paedophile , where they all watched child porn together .
On the same day NSW police swooped on McCormack last April , WA officers arrested Berger at work .
They admitted keeping the child porn Reale sent them for two years , and viewed it at least once a week .
Berger 's lawyer Neville Barber said their client had gone into “ depraved territory ” , but any jail term should be suspended .
Reale will appear in court again tomorrow .
There are multiple economic impacts possible from the brinksmanship being shown by North Korea and the Trump administration , some will help people , while others will hurt .
“ Interest rates will go lower , mortgage rates , typically , ” said economist Ernie Goss from Creighton University . “ They 've gone down over the last month by about two tenths of one percent . Why has that happened ? Investors globally are looking for safe havens . Where can I put my money that 's safe ? So , they put their money in U.S. Treasuries . They loan us more money and that brings the interest rates down . ”
The way the U.S. can put pressure on North Korea is to put pressure on China , and the best way that the U.S. can pressure China is through economic measures like trade restrictions .
“ We 've got about a $ 350 billion trade deficit with China , ” said Goss . “ We 're importing a lot more of their goods than they are importing of ours . China 's not a market economy , not fully , like we have . They may not react the way that we would like them to react . We could have trade skirmishes , erecting barriers . The last time we had a major trade dustup was before the Great Depression . ”
Goss was referring to the Tariff Act of 1930 . The Great Depression technically began with Black Tuesday in October of 1929 , but the so-called Smoot-Hawley act was signed into law in March of 1930 and most economists agree that the tariffs worsened the downturn .
“ When you have any real , jarring news , you could have that really cut into the Kansas economy , ” said Goss .
Kansas number one export is transportation equipment , which is a high ticket item that can be easily pushed aside when economic conditions are uncertain . Also , the state is the fourth-largest exporter of frozen beef , and Japan announced in January that they are going to increase that tariff until next April from 38 to 50 percent . The decision affects all countries with which it does not have a free trade agreement . That would include the United States , since President Trump stepped away from the Trans-Pacific Partnership deal .
“ Exports are very important , ” said Goss . “ When you start having politics enter into the decision making , you do slow growth . ”
Unified police were looking for a man Wednesday who robbed six people at gunpoint in Millcreek two days earlier .
About 10 p.m. Monday , a man wearing a ski mask and dressed in all black entered the Happy Life Club , at 970 E. 3300 South , where Herbalife distributors were gathered , said Lt. Brian Lohrke . The man allegedly held a gun to one victim 's head , forcing that person to tie up five others by duct-taping them to chairs , and then tied up that victim , as well .
The suspect then assaulted the victims by punching them , according to Lohrke , and took money , car keys and cellphones . It did not appear any of the victims ' vehicles had been moved or stolen , Lohrke said .
NEW Zealand broke Australia 's stranglehold on the NT Rugby Country of Origin title last night at Marrara , proving too strong for the men in gold 37-19 .
The Kiwis led from start to finish in a high quality contest to square the ledger at 2-2 since the Anzac fixture was reintroduced in 2015 . New Zealand took a 10-point lead into the break after dominating the first period . Joey Webster struck first for the Kiwis before a Setefano Cakau break from a kick return led to a second try , scored by Jone Vakacegu .
Australia hit the score sheet in the 30th minute through an Adam Hubbard five-pointer , off the back of a rolling maul .
But it was cancelled out in the moments either side of the interval .
Two separate pieces of play from Rawiri Wilson took the Kiwis out to a 17-point lead that broke Australia .
Camera Icon Australian versus New Zealand in the Country of Origin at Rugby Park . Setefano Cakau ( 15 ) Picture : News Limited
After the half time siren had sounded , the fly-half booted a 41 metre penalty goal . But it was a superb solo effort two minutes into the second half that was more impressive . Wilson broke through three would-be Australian defenders , using their speed and footwork to weave their way into the in goal area .
Australia replied with 25 minutes remaining when Bryah Booth got on the end of a backline shift to the right , but New Zealand would close out the game in style .
The best play of the match came from Simaika Salaa , who scored a try that looked unlikely when they received the ball 20 metres from the try line .
With no room to move down the left flank , the Casuarina star stormed their way past a swarm of Aussie defenders , before diving outstretched to plant the ball down just inside the corner post .
Next month , the WVU Cancer Institute and the University Healthcare Regional Cancer Center will offer discounted mammogram clinics .
The clinics will be available at Berkeley Medical Center in Martinsburg and Jefferson Medical Center in Ranson . Officials say screening mammograms will be offered at a discounted community service fee of $ 60 , which includes the test and the interpretation by a radiologist . WVU Medicine University healthcare 's discount mammogram program is open to anyone 35 years and older .
Berkeley Medical Center will offer the clinics at the Women 's Imaging Center in the Tennessee Avenue medical office building on April 29th and May 6th , 13th and 20th . Jefferson Medical Center will offer clinics at the Women 's Imaging Center across the street from the hospital 's main entrance on May 20th and 27th .
Comments
comments
At 41 years old , Ozzie Wright is the longest tenured professional free surfer of all time , and their surfing today is still as entertaining as ever ( See Volcom 's recently released Osmo Thrombo for proof ) . From Dane Reynolds to Mason Ho to Noa Deane , Ozzie has inspired generations of surfers to think outside the box . This week , we 're revisiting 156 Tricks , Ozzie 's underrated profile film from 2005 . Lots of trends have come and gone in the 20-plus years of Ozzie 's pro surfing relevance , but he 's never wavered in the person , personality , and surfer they are . For that , he 'll always be one of our favorites , and this movie always will be , too .
Wednesday at the White House press briefing , “ Time for Kids ” reporter Benje Choucroun , 13 , asked Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders about school shootings .
Choucroun asked , “ At my school we recently had a lock down drill . One thing that affects my and other students ' mental health is the worry about the fact we or our friends could get shot at school . Specifically , can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies ? ”
While choking up , Sanders said , “ I think as a kid and certainly as a parent , there is nothing that could be more terrifying for a kid than to go to school and not feel safe . So I 'm sorry that you feel that way . This administration takes it seriously . And the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week again—an official meeting to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do everything single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools . ”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @ pamkeyNEN
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mark Yates ' Solihull Moors secured National League survival with a 2-1 win at Tranmere Rovers on Tuesday night .
When the former Cheltenham Town boss took over in November , they had picked up just 11 points in 19 games and were six points from safety .
They had conceded 41 goals in 19 games , but Yates has turned things around and they have let in only 15 goals in the last 26 .
Yates , who has also managed Kidderminster Harriers and Crawley Town , said the achievement ranks right up there with their achievements as a manager so far .
`` I have n't won anything , so it 's right up there , '' they said .
`` I back myself and I think I am a decent manager and a decent coach .
`` I had four good years at Kidderminster and then what I think were five decent years at Cheltenham .
`` Then the toughest year ever at Crawley and this ranks with what I did at Crawley , that 's how tough that job was .
`` I had been out of the game for 18 months and you start wondering whether to become a bin man or something !
`` But I am really enjoying it here and it 's the local club for me in terms of the National League and only a half an hour drive . I love coming into work here . ''
One of the key men in Solihull 's resurgent form has been Kyle Storer , who joined them from Cheltenham in January .
`` He 's been outstanding , in the last five or six games in particular , and that 's why I brought them in , '' Yates said .
Fellow ex-Robins players Darren Carter and Omari Sterling-James have also helped the Moors pull clear of danger .
GOLDEN State Warriors guard Steph Curry will soon be facing LeBron James of the Cleveland Warriors in the NBA championship finals . The game will be Curry 's fourth straight NBA final as they aim to win their third NBA title , but what is the basketball player 's net worth ?
BIG PICTURE
Michigan State : Offensively , the Spartans struggled . But defensively , they showed just how good they can be with their size and length . Just eight minutes into the game , Michigan State had eight blocks . It finished the half with nine with 13 . The only downfall was that the Hoosiers took advantage of second chances and managed to keep it close .
Indiana : After getting blown out by the Spartans on Jan. 19 in East Lansing , the Hoosiers inserted McSwain into the starting lineup and turned it around . No , they did n't get the win . But the young Hoosiers showed how much they had learned from the first matchup and they can go toe-to-toe with any team .
KEY STATS
Michigan State : Bridges finished with seven points and eight rebounds . .... Langford had 10 points . ... The Spartans pushed their single-season school record for blocks to 204 . ... Michigan State was 9 of 18 on 3s and 8 of 17 on free throws .
Indiana : Morgan recorded their seventh double-double of the season . ... The Hoosiers made only 2 of its first 22 shots , 9.1 per cent , and went more than 8 1/2 minutes in the first half without a basket . ... Indiana had a 53-29 rebounding edge including a 25-3 advantage on the offensive end against the best rebounding team in Division I . ... The Hoosiers have played three straight ranked opponents .
UP NEXT
Michigan State : Will try to extend its winning streak Tuesday at Iowa .
Indiana : Plays the fourth and final game during an eight-day span Monday at Rutgers .
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Michael Marot , The Associated Press
BAY CITY ( WWJ ) – A 63-year-old man is charged with stealing electricity to grow marijuana plants they are n't supposed to have .
Consumers Energy started investigating Earnest Deplanty after receiving a tip that they were stealing power at their home near Pinconning . When crews when to inspect the electric meter at the home , they discovered wiring was tampered to bypass the meter . The inspector also allegedly smelled marijuana , so they notified police .
State troopers responded and during a subsequent search found 27 plants in Deplanty 's house . Under the state 's medical marijuana law , they are only allowed to possess 12 plants because they are not a registered caregiver . Police also discovered 25.5 ounces of usable pot — far more than the 2.5 ounces legally allowed .
Consumers Energy investigators dug deeper and learned that Deplanty had apparently been stealing power for the past three years .
Deplanty was charged this week with delivering or manufacturing marijuana and fraudulent use of a public utility more than $ 500 . They were released on a personal recognizance bond and is due back in court on Feb. 13 for a preliminary exam .
If convicted as charged , they face up to four years in prison .
A four-run second inning has powered the Perth Heat to a 6-3 victory in Game One of their ABL Semi-Final against the Canberra Cavalry on Friday night .
Perth is now just one win away from clinching a spot in next week 's Championship Series .
Appearing in their first playoff game for three seasons , the Heat were aggressive at the plate early on . RBIs to Robbie Glendinning , Jess Williams ( 2 ) and Tim Kennelly putting them on top .
Kennelly , who has batted in the two-hole all season was tasked with leading off for the Heat in the absence of the departed Jake Fraley .
The 31-year-old third baseman was up to the challenge , going 2-4 on the night with a home run .
“ It 's always good to get the first in the best of three . Fraley has done an exceptional job leading off but Andy ( Kyle ) told me midweek I 'd be hitting there , ” Kennelly said .
On the mound , Alex Boshers put in a solid start for the Heat - striking out four batters whilst only conceding three runs in 5.1 innings to pick up the win .
Despite leading Heat starters in ERA , Boshers was provided with little run support during the regular season - reflective of their 1-6 record .
“ It was nice to get some run support tonight . I do n't think my win-loss defines me as a pitcher , ” Boshers said .
“ Anytime you get some run support helps you relax . ”
It was n't until the fourth inning that Canberra got on the board .
After being named team MVP on Monday night , infielder Jay Baum launched a two-run shot to half the visitors ' deficit .
Tim Kennelly 's solo home run re-established the Heat 's three-run cushion before Canberra pulled back a run of their own to remove Boshers from the game .
With the game in a high leverage situation , Heat Manager Andy Kyle turned to Joe Van Meter who was dominant - striking out four of the six batters they faced .
With the heart of Canberra 's lineup due up in the eighth inning , Kyle then handed the ball to Major Leaguer Warwick Saupold .
Saupold , appearing in their eighth postseason game was efficient - getting through the inning without any hiccups before handing over to Cameron Lamb who recorded the save .
The Heat now turns their attention to Saturday 's Game Two , where they have a chance to secure a spot in this year 's Championship Series from 7pm .
A terminally-ill man recently got their wish to marry their partner in a last-minute ceremony at Willowbrook Hospice , thanks to the charity Gift of A Wedding and the generosity of strangers who helped the couple organise their special day .
There was n't a dry eye in the house when Simon Misell , 49 , tied the knot with their financee Jackie , 49 .
The couple who live in Newton-le-Willows first met as teenagers at a caravan park in Wales but lost touch until they were re-united via Facebook .
Jackie says : “ We both used to hang around together when we went on holidays with our parents . We were always friends but nothing really romantic happened and we both went our separate ways until a chance connection over facebook changed all that . ”
In January 2016 , the couple 's relationship was strengthened as Jackie stood by their Simon 's side as they battled osophageal cancer . Having been given the all clear , the couple went on holiday to Majorca in October that year where Simon proposed .
Jackie continues : “ I was over the moon when we got engaged and starting thinking about our wedding plans . ”
Unfortunately , on 12 December 2017 , the couple 's plans were put on hold as Simon was told that the cancer had returned to their esophagus , had spread to their stomach and that the diagnosis was terminal .
As Simon 's condition worsened , they were transferred to the Prescot based hospice where Jackie and the rest of their family continued to support them around the clock .
Jackie says : “ Although Simon was deteriorating , we both really wanted to go ahead with the wedding and when Simon 's consultant mentioned the charity Gift of a Wedding , I decided to get in touch to see if they could help . ”
Within 24 hours , Gift of a Wedding replied to Jackie and set the ball rolling with a social media appeal for people to help out with services such as providing a dress and cake , dressing the venue and doing Jackie 's hair and make-up .
Jackie said : “ When the request went out , my mobile began to beep like crazy as more and more people got in touch with Gift of a Wedding , offering their services to help me and Simon have the wedding of our dreams . ”
Within 4 days everything had come together and the couple were able to make their vows in front of their family and friends .
Reflecting on their dream day , Jackie continues : “ Although everything was organised in just 4 days , we could n't have planned it better . We were totally overwhelmed and humbled are that so many suppliers donated their time and services to give us a perfect wedding day which created so many special memories for us both and our families and friends . Surrounded by all our loved ones it was an amazing day and we really ca n't thank Gift of a Wedding and Willowbrook Hospital for making this happen and supporting us . ”
Those involved in donating their time and services included many local companies including Jules Bridal Boutique , singers Mersey Belles , AW catering and planning , The Albion Bakehouse , Party World Merseyside , Kreative Kirsty Beauty Therapist , Nicki S Hairstylist , Bridge Barbers , The Cake Pavillion , Crystal Logic Photography and Films , Ambience Event planning and Celebrant Vanessa Buckley .
Clean and sleek , L.A. indie group Sir Sly comes to Northampton Wednesday , May 30. frontman Landon Jacobs ' cool , light voice combined with instrumentalists Jason Suwito and Hayden Coplen make this synth-rock trio a must-see . Their 2017 Do n't You Worry , Honey spawned two Alt Rock charts hits with “ High ” and “ Run. ” 8:30 p.m. Iron Horse Music Hall , 20 Center St. , Northampton .
Related Posts
PERFORMER 'S scrambling win might not have looked overly impressive but they remain right on track for the Golden Slipper next month .
Trainer Chris Waller remained upbeat despite Performer getting up to beat Stratosphere by a nose in the Group 3 $ 150,000 Canonbury Stakes ( 1100m ) at Rosehill Gardens on Saturday .
“ He is a good colt , as is the second horse , '' Waller said .
“ In the parade ring before the race , I thought how good do these colts look . I was worried before the race , I was n't worried at the 50m but the last five metres I was ( worried ) .
FULL MARKET : TAB FIXED ODDS
“ But putting it into perspective , Performer was n't wound up today , they have only had two fitness-building trials , and they had a 3kg penalty for their Breeders ' Plate win .
“ He is still learning their trade and probably clocked off a little bit , although the second horse dug pretty deep .
“ I know this horse pretties well and they are an exciting colt to be training . I would n't be changing them for anything . ''
Performer ( $ 1.70 favourite ) looked to have the measure of early leader Stratosphere ( $ 9 ) but the runner-up kicked back hard when challenged and ran the winner to a nose with Exceltic ( $ 3.30 ) more than two lengths away third .
Champion jockey Kerrin McEvoy commented that Performer did n't give them the “ normal Slipper-type feel ” .
“ But I ca n't pigeonhole this colt , there are so many options to him , '' McEvoy said .
“ Whether they are just a speed horse , I 'm not so sure . It is hard to put a finger on them but they are a really nice colt , going forward . I had them out and into full stride at the top of the lane so they might have peaked on their run near the line .
“ He is only going to improve from that and I think this might prove a strong form race . ''
Waller said they have looked at past Golden Slipper winners and sought counsel from fellow trainer John O'Shea to plan Performer 's autumn campaign .
Sydney 's premier trainer noted that Sebring ( 2008 ) and Vancouver ( 2015 ) both won the Canonbury Stakes and had one more lead-up run before their Golden Slipper triumphs .
Camera Icon Performer , right , was pushed to the limit by Stratosphere in the Canonbury Stakes . Picture : AAP
“ I looked at the previous history of the Golden Slipper then spoke with John O'Shea , who has had experience with these good colts , and they said do n't over-race them , '' Waller said .
“ So my plan for Performer after this race is probably to trial them again then go to the Todman Stakes and that will have them cherry ripe for the Golden Slipper . ''
Trainer Peter Snowden was encouraged by the fighting debut effort of Stratosphere .
“ This was the first time they have been let off the bridle and they wandered a bit in the straight but they will learn from that , '' Snowden said .
Glyn Schofield , rider of Stratosphere , was also taken by their colt 's determination .
“ He did n't have the race smarts of the winner and got a bit lost in the straight , '' Schofield said . “ But when they came together my colt found half a length . They will improve a lot with the experience . ''
Camera Icon Stratosphere and Performer look set for bright autumn carnivals after producing a thrilling finish in the Canonbury Stakes . Picture : News Corp Australia , Simon Bullard
Charlayne on the rise
NO one had heard of Charlayne a month ago but suddenly the three-year-old filly has emerged as a potential autumn carnival star .
Trainer Chris Waller made no secret of their healthy regard for Charlayne 's ability after they maintained the perfect start to their career in the Local Greengrocer Handicap ( 1100m ) .
“ She is a very promising filly , '' Waller said . “ What they lacked in race experience against their rivals today they have made up for in ability . ''
Charlayne ( $ 3.60 equal favourite ) made it two wins from as many starts and gave champion jockey Kerrin McEvoy their first winner since their comeback from a broken hand when they scored by nearly a length from Problem Solver ( $ 3.60 equal favourite ) with Sheikha ( $ 6 ) a neck away third .
A daughter of leading sire Sebring , Charlayne did not race as a juvenile and only made their debut at Canterbury three weeks ago .
But Charlayne has such obvious potential it is no surprise Waller is preparing to race their next in the Group 2 Light Fingers Stakes ( 1200m ) at Royal Randwick in two weeks .
“ I did n't really want to step them up so quickly to Saturday class against the ‘ boys ' off their maiden win at Canterbury but there were n't a lot of options , '' they said . “ Her ability has got them here today . They have good gate speed , settled well , and when Kerrin asked for an effort they kept building their momentum . Them last 100m was very strong . ''
McEvoy was having their first ride on Charlayne and was impressed by the filly 's natural race sense . “ If you swap runs with the winner , then Problem Solver probably wins the race , '' jockey Tim Clark said .
× Firefighter injured searching for baby in burning home
CHULA VISTA , Calif. — A Chula Vista firefighter was injured Friday while searching for a baby inside a burning home .
Two other people were also hurt in the blaze .
The fire broke out about 4:20 a.m. at a home on Cuyamaca Avenue near East L Street and Hilltop Drive , Chula Vista Fire Chief Harry Muns said .
The home was “ well-engulfed ” when fire crews first arrived , with downed electrical wires and a ruptured gas line , Muns said . And though seven occupants of the home had already escaped through a window , firefighters were told that a baby was still trapped inside .
“ That absolutely changes how we approach the fire , ” Muns said . “ We take much greater risks . ”
A firefighter entered the home through a window in search of the baby and suffered a minor burn to their face from the radiant heat of the flames , the chief said . They were taken to an emergency room for treatment and was “ doing well. ” Firefighters later learned the baby was already rescued by family members and neighbors .
Two others were injured as a result of the blaze , one who sustained a burn and another who was experiencing chest pain , Muns said . It was n't immediately clear if those people were residents of the home or neighbors who had jumped in to help .
Firefighters knocked down the blaze in about 25 minutes after finally securing the gas line , but not before flames tore through most of the home , blowing out windows and spreading to two vehicles in the driveway , Muns said . There was a partial collapse in the house , which will likely be considered a total loss , while both vehicles were badly scorched .
Fire crews were expected to finish mopping up the blaze by about 8:30 a.m. , though investigators were expected to remain on scene throughout the day to determine the cause and estimate the cost of the damage , Muns said . There was no early indication of what may have started the fire .
( Reuters ) - Canadian marijuana company Aphria Inc ( APH.TO ) said on Friday it agreed to sell its minority stake in U.S.-based Copperstate Farms to Liberty Health Sciences Inc ( LHS.CD ) for C $ 20 million ( $ 16.14 million ) .
Boards of Aphria and Liberty have unanimously approved the deal , which is expected to close in the second quarter . ( reut.rs/2nEIvHA )
Aphria has been looking to hive off its business in the United States in the face of stringent federal cannabis laws .
In Canada , however , where marijuana laws are more relaxed , the company is rapidly expanding by way of acquisitions .
On Monday , the company said it would buy rival Nuuvera Inc ( NUU.V ) for C $ 826 million , anticipating a raft of medical cannabis approvals around the world in the coming years .
( $ 1 = 1.2389 Canadian dollars )
Oklahoma City police are asking for help identifying a man they say stole a basket of items from a grocery store .
Officers say the suspect , who was captured on surveillance video , walked into the Green Acres Market near Southwest 89th St. and Pennsylvania Ave. on Jan. 18 and filled a shopping basket with merchandise . The man then walked out with the basket without paying , according to investigators .
Anyone with any information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 405-235-7300 , or leave a tip online at www.okccrimetips.com .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — The incident was one of the bloodiest disasters in the country 's penitentiary system , the Globo television channel said , citing Sergio Fontes , head of security of the state of Amazonas .
© AFP 2016/ CARL DE SOUZA Man in Brazil Kills Ex-wife , Son , At Least Ten More at New Year 's Eve Party
The riot began late on Sunday and was suppressed only at 8:40 a.m. local time ( 12:40 GMT ) , according to the television channel .
Police seized four handguns , a shotgun and improvised weapons from prisoners , the news channel said .
Earlier in the day , local media reported that at least 50 prisoners were killed in the riot , which was sparked by the clashes between two opposing gangs in the prison of the city of Manaus .
GoDaddy gave The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain elsewhere after the extremist site violated the web host 's terms of service by posting an article disparaging the woman who was killed while protesting a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia over the weekend .
GoDaddy posted on Twitter Sunday that it had informed the neo-Nazi website that it had a day to move to another provider .
The Daily Stormer posted an article about Heather Heyer , who was killed Saturday when a white nationalist rally turned violent . The article denigrated them for their physical appearance and for having what the website said were anti-white male views , Reuters reported . One person was killed and more than a dozen were injured when a white nationalist allegedly drove their car into a crowd of counter-protesters Saturday .
The Daily Stormer claimed on Monday that its site had been hacked by the group Anonymous . The group denied any involvement , tweeting they have “ no confirmation ” that Anonymous was involved and saying it looked like a “ stunt ” by The Daily Stormer that may be having “ issues finding a new host . ”
BRIEF-BB & T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb & t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent , effective immediately Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
There have been many rumors this year of a new Bullitt Mustang coming out of Ford 's stable . Those rumors are now up a significant notch courtesy of an eagle-eyed Facebook user by the name of Tony Zaleski Jr. , who happened upon a green Mustang operating in a very curious manner . To paraphrase the post , Tony was at the Hyatt hotel in Chicago setting up for a trade show and the above car was apparently the subject of a photo shoot . They saw the car upstairs with a police escort , wearing a “ white sheet ” to cover it up , mostly anyway . Tony managed to grab shots of the uncovered car at the dock level , and judging by the photos it looks like the driver wanted to make a quick getaway .
What makes these shots so interesting is that one of them shows the rear of the car fairly clear , and the rear badge sure does look like the crosshairs design we saw on the last Bullitt . The car also appears to be wearing the proper shade of green , along with the dark gunmetal wheels and a lack of exterior badging , not to mention the missing spoiler – all of which pay homage to the original GT390 movie car from 1968 , which ironically was devoid of such things to keep it low-key in the film .
It 's been nearly 10 years since Ford offered up a special edition Mustang Bullitt . In addition to the appearance updates , the last Bullitt model also received minor performance tweaks in the form of a 15-horsepower engine upgrade kit and a revised suspension package . Should this in fact be a new Bullitt , similar enhancements would also be likely . And since the last Bullitt Mustang came out in 2009 , one could easily argue that Ford is certainly overdue .
If that 's not enough to convince you , consider that 2018 will be the 50th anniversary for the legendary 1968 Steve McQueen flic from which this car stems . That 's a not-at-all insignificant milestone to honor , and if this was indeed Ford conducting a Bullitt photo shoot , it would suggest some kind of reveal is just around the corner .
Source : Tony Zaleski Jr. via Facebook
Is any difficulty in your Finance and Investment exploring paper giving your burdens ? Contact us now and we will consign a guaranteed capable who can accept control over your examination paper and outfit you with premium quality research paper close by an expansive book reference and references in the association you inquire for
Finance Essay Writing Help .
Excellent Assignment help service gives world class Finance essay help to compose administration . Our standard point is to help understudies who are going up against challenges while completing their finance-related assignments and papers , so we have handpicked creators who have Master 's and Ph.D. degrees , so they can control our clients sharply .
online Excellent Assignment help
2 Caledonian St , Bexley NSW 2207 , Australia
Email : - Info @ ExcellentAssignmentHelp.com.au
Website : - https : //www.excellentassignmenthelp.com.au
Food ingredients distributor , Univar has forged a European distribution agreement with TerraVia 's AlgaVia brand of whole algae ingredients .
The expansion of this plant-based portfolio is in response to increasing consumer demands for clean label , natural and non-animal sourced and allergen-free ingredients for their food products .
“ TerraVia 's innovative portfolio of products and company culture complement Univar 's approach and direction , ” said Simon Atkins , EMEA Industry Director , Univar Food Ingredients . “ This portfolio will enable our customers to manufacture the next generation of food products to support the most important food trends that we see in the marketplace in 2017 and beyond . ”
TerraVia 's product lines include Lipid-Rich Whole Algae and Protein-Rich Whole Algae . Lipid-Rich Whole Algae is available in golden and cream varieties , which can replace eggs and dairy fats in a wide range of applications including bakery , beverages and desserts .
“ With the accelerating growth of plant-based foods , driven by consumer demand for clean labels and healthier foods with great taste , there are opportunities for our Lipid-Rich and Protein-Rich Whole Algae ingredients across every aisle of the grocery store , ” said Mark Brooks , SVP and General Manager of Food Ingredients at TerraVia . “ The relationship enhances our ability to serve the European markets and provide plant-based allergen-free ingredients to brands and consumers throughout the regions . ”
' I think a crucial element of any healthy democracy is a healthy press and free press , ' journalist Atom Araullo says
Published 1:46 PM , February 03 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – In an interview during the press event for their latest show , journalist , TV host , and now film actor Atom Araullo admitted that while they enjoy exploring new facets of their career , news is still their core .
Atom was asked about their views on press freedom during the event on Thursday , February 1 .
They said : `` I think a crucial element of any healthy democracy is a healthy press and free press . And there are challenges especially nowadays that we 're facing , and it 's important for members of the press to push back against organizations or interests that might want to control the press . ''
Press freedom became a hot topic mid-January , when the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) revoked Rappler 's license . The SEC 's move was widely viewed as political . ( READ : FAQs : Rappler 's SEC case )
Atom added : `` The important thing , I think , is for people in the press to also not forget that they also have responsibilities to the audience as well . And we need them to support us – they are our allies . So every time there are also criticisms of the press , we have to listen . That 's the only way we can ensure that people will support journalists when our work is under fire . ''
New milestones
During Thursday 's press event , Atom also discussed their latest endeavor .
This is Adventure Your Way , a 30-minute crowdsourced travel show produced by AXN . The show relies on suggestions given by viewers through social media to determine Atom 's activities and next destination .
Although some of their new shows are in a different format , Atom appreciates the leverage and reach they provide . They said these can help them too as a journalist .
They explain , `` For someone like me who has made telling stories a career , I am perfectly cognizant of the fact that it 's not just important to make good stories ; it 's important to make people listen to this stories so that we 're not just throwing stories into the void . ''
`` That has to do with expanding your influence , and there are many ways of doing that . By being sincere and showing a side of your personality to people that they may not see on a daily basis , it makes you more human and more relatable . I think that 's a great advantage for people in our line of work . '' – Rappler.com
A five-year-old little girl has been burned and permanently disfigured after they were subjected to a Voodoo ritual . Fire blown over their face and cuts to their body were intended to banish the demon that their mother believed made them misbehave .
“ [ The mother ] stated that their children have been behaving badly due to evil spirits and that they perform prayers , and use certain water and oils to make the demon leave , ” The Enterprise reported after looking at a report provided by East Bridgewater Police Detective John Grillo .
The Massachusetts publication reported that the mother is of Haitian descent and “ believes in the religion of Voodoo , which originated in Haiti in the 18th century and is centered around the worship of spirits. ” The child 's mother asked two women to perform the “ ritual , ” police officials said .
The sisters who tied up the little girl and subjected them to this treatment , also allegedly threatened to cut off their 8-year-old brother 's head with a machete . A police report said that one of them held a long stick to their throat making it hard for them to breathe .
The girl suffered third-degree burns during the ritual .
Now the two Massachusetts women , Peggy LaBossiere ( 51 ) , and their sister , Rachel Hilaire ( 40 ) , are in jail without bond .
“ The victim stated that Peggy [ LaBossiere ] would lean over them and kiss all around their face like a snake and used a pointy object like a needle to cut them on their arm and collar area , ” stated the report . “ [ LaBossiere ] cut them enough so that they bled . ”
Them little brother witnessed this abuse and told law enforcement officials that LaBossiere used a stick of fire and blew fire on their sister 's face . They said Hilaire held the little girl down , tied their hands to a stick above their head , and tied their feet together to form a cross .
The five-year-old also told the police that the women placed a substance in their eyes that made them sting .
LaBossiere and Hilaire have pleaded not guilty to mayhem ( permanent disfigurement ) , assault and battery with a dangerous weapon , assault and battery on a child with injury , indecent assault and battery on a child under the age of 14 , and threatening to commit a crime ( murder ) , reported The Enterprise .
The mother of the children , a hairstylist , knows LaBossiere because the woman is a client of hers .
Police sent the mother to a hospital for evaluation . Officials then transferred them to another hospital for mental health treatment .
Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . They have served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas . Follow them on GAB @ lanashadwick and Twitter @ LanaShadwick2 .
Kia caught our attention late last month when it introduced the Stinger at the 2017 Seoul Motor Show with a new “ E ” badge . Now , the company is ready to talk about what it actually means . Reserved for the brand 's domestic market , the new logo signals Kia 's newly founded premium line making its debut on a range-topping version of the sexy fastback . It will be implemented on more and more products in the years to come , including the next-gen K900 flagship and then gradually on other rear-wheel-drive models of the range .
With these new E-badged cars , “ we aim to deliver an unrivaled premium that only Kia Motors can achieve , ” said Kim Chang-sik , executive sales vice president in South Korea . Just to be clear , this will not be a new sub brand like Hyundai has done with Genesis . Instead , the E badge will replace all of the Kia logos on the top-spec trim version of a car .
For the moment there are n't any plans to introduce this strategy outside of the company 's home turf , but even so the “ E ” badge comes to highlight Kia 's decision to go upmarket and move away from its image of a value brand .
As for the logo itself , the E 's upper and lower lines depict the car 's wheels , while the line in the middle symbolizes the longitudinally mounted engine powering the Stinger . Kia goes on to specify the “ E ” also represents exclusivity , engineering , and excellence .
Although we wo n't be seeing the “ E ” logo on Kias sold internationally , the asupervisorstioned K900 ( K9 in South Korea ) due in 2018 might get its own emblem , according to company spokesperson Han Jiwon . They went on to specify the brand 's flagship model will also ditch the existing moniker for something fresh , without revealing what it will be .
Source : Kia via Automotive News
A specialist IOC panel would rule on whether the 13 Russian athletes and two coaches would be allowed to take part in the Pyeongchang Olympics
Published 9:09 PM , February 03 , 2018
PYEONGCHANG , South Korea – Thirteen Russian athletes and two coaches banned for life for doping and then controversially cleared of wrongdoing may be headed to the Pyeongchang Olympics after all , the IOC said on Saturday , February 3 .
Already 169 Russians have been cleared to compete as 'clean ' athletes despite a blanket ban on Russia from taking part in the Winter Olympics following revelations of state-sponsored doping .
Just 6 days from the opening ceremony of the February 9-25 Games , International Olympic Committee spokesperson Mark Adams said the cases of the 15 would be examined by a specialist IOC panel who would rule on whether they would be allowed to take part .
`` We will take an individual view of each of these athletes before reaching a decision , '' they told a press conference following the first day of a two-day IOC executive board meeting in Pyeongchang .
IOC chiefs were stunned last Thursday when the Court for Arbitration for Sport overturned life bans imposed on 28 Russian athletes linked to a state-sponsored doping scheme operating at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics , ruling them potentially eligible for participation in Pyeongchang .
However , of the 28 , 13 have either retired from sport or are unavailable for another undisclosed reason , leaving only 15 still eligible to take part , according to a source close to the case .
Adams said that the IOC 's invitation revue panel will examine each case individually before making a decision but promised that would happen before the Games get underway .
Explosive findings
The IOC 's disciplinary commission banned 43 Russian athletes for life and disqualified all Russians from competing at the Pyeongchang Games over the doping conspiracy . It later said that 169 athletes who had proved they were clean would be allowed to compete .
Following an appeal against the life bans by 42 athletes , CAS cleared 28 citing insufficient evidence against them , and also lifted bans on 11 others , but barred them from taking part in the 2018 Olympics .
Adams said that the IOC reserved the right to appeal against the CAS decision , viewed by Olympic officials as undermining the fight against doping in sport .
Last week , the IOC responded to the court 's ruling by saying that lifting the ban `` does not automatically confer the privilege of an invitation '' to the Games .
They were speaking after the first day of a two-day IOC board meeting which will be followed by a two-day full IOC session from Monday .
Last week 's CAS hearings were a result of allegations of a vast state-sponsored doping programme contained in the report into Sochi authored by sports law professor Richard McLaren for the World Anti-Doping Agency .
Their explosive findings laid out the workings of the program – from the use of secret state agents to passing urine samples out of testing labs through mouse-holes . – Rappler.com
Kansas lawmakers have rejected an effort to repeal a law that allows people to carry concealed firearms in most facilities at public colleges and universities in the state .
The Lawrence Journal-World reports that the Kansas House voted 53-69 against Democratic Rep. Barbara Ballard 's repeal amendment Thursday . The House did vote to require students , faculty and staff carrying a concealed firearm on campus to receive gun safety training . Lawmakers also voted to allow 18-year-olds to carry concealed weapons . The previous age limit was 21 .
Ballard says the law is making it difficult for higher education institutions in the state to attract new students to their campuses . Opponents to the appeal argue that people have the constitutional right to bear arms for self-protection .
This photo taken on an undisclosed date in December 2016 shows Chinese J-15 fighter jets waiting on the deck of the Liaoning aircraft carrier during military drills in the Bohai Sea , off China 's northeast coast ( AFP photo )
LONDON — China is beginning to export its own weapon designs , including armed drones , worldwide and is reaching “ near-parity ” with the West in terms of military technology , according to a report on Tuesday .
The International Institute for Strategic Studies ( IISS ) said that China 's official defence budget of $ 145 billion ( 137 billion euros ) last year was 1.8 times higher than those of South Korea and Japan combined .
It also accounted for more than a third of Asia 's total military spending in 2016 , the IISS annual Military Balance report said , adding that spending in Asia grew by five to six percentage points a year between 2012 and 2016 .
Total global military spending instead fell by 0.4 per cent in real terms in 2016 compared to 2015 , largely due to reductions in the Middle East .
“ China 's military progress highlights that Western dominance in the field of advanced weapons systems can no longer be taken for granted , ” IISS director John Chipman said at a presentation in London .
“ An emerging threat for deployed Western forces is that with China looking to sell more abroad , they may confront more advanced military systems , in more places , and operated by a broader range of adversaries , ” Chipman said .
The report found that in terms of air power , “ China appears to be reaching near-parity with the West ” .
It said one of China 's air-to-air missiles had no Western equivalent and that China had introduced a type of short-range missile that “ only a handful of leading aerospace nations are able to develop ” .
It said China was also developing “ what could be the world 's longest range air-to-air missile ” .
Chinese exports to Africa
The report noted that Chinese military exports to Africa last year “ were moving from the sale of Soviet-era designs to the export of systems designed in China ” .
It said that Chinese-made armed drones had been seen in Nigeria and Saudi Arabia .
The report also noted that European states are “ only gradually ” increasing their defence spending .
“ While Europe was one of the three regions in the world where defence spending rose in 2015-16 , European defence spending remains modest as a proportion of the continent 's GDP , ” the study said .
In 2016 , IISS found that only two European NATO states — Greece and Estonia — met the aim of spending 2 per cent of their GDP on defence .
This was down from four European states that met the target in 2015 — Britain , Greece , Estonia and Poland .
Britain dipped to 1.98 per cent of GDP , according to IISS calculations , although that figure was immediately disputed by Britain 's defence ministry .
But the IISS said it was more important that countries focus on upgrading their military equipment .
“ This is made more urgent because of the degree to which Western states have reduced their equipment and personnel numbers since the Cold War , ” it said .
Price Chopper grocery store will open the doors to its newest store , located in Fort Scott , Kan. , at 2322 S. Main Street on Wednesday , December 13 at 9 a.m. Price Chopper will be open 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily .
The 40,000-square foot Price Chopper is owned by the Queen family who also have 5 additional stores in Kansas . The new Fort Scott location joins the Price Chopper family of 51 stores in and around the Kansas City metro . The newly-redeveloped store is a welcome addition to the shopping center that formerly housed Woods supermarket and will feature a drive-through Dunkin ' Donuts as well as other amenities .
“ As neighborhood grocers , we are passionate about serving the community around us , ” said Barry Queen , owner of Price Chopper . “ We are proud to present Fort Scott with a new store that will offer an exceptional shopping experience , as well as , serve as a strong partner for the local community . ”
With the Price Chopper brand comes with several new food options . Price Chopper offers hot meals each night of the week . “ Chopper Chicken Tuesdays ” offer a hot dinner special from the deli that comes with chicken , sides and rolls . The meat department offers KC Pride meats and Choice Certified Angus Beef cut by in-store butchers .
Additional amenities include :
Charter Reserve Premium deli meats and cheeses , sliced to order
Chopper Chicken : Fresh , never frozen , fried and rotisserie chicken
Custom-made to order cakes , perfect for birthdays , weddings , and other special occasions
Fresh popcorn-popped in store with your favorite flavors and fun additions
Big Jim 's Smokehouse-fresh smoked meat , ready-to-eat
Full service floral
Comfortable seating area with access to wifi
Outdoor seating
Price Chopper also offer its customers the Chopper Shopper REWARDS program . By using the Chopper Shopper REWARDS Card , customers earn points towards for discounts on future food purchases and other promotional offers .
“ Everything we do at Price Chopper is designed to create a better experience for our customers , ” added Barry Queen “ We 're excited to extend our service to Fort Scott and look forward to partnering with the community . ”
In a combination of full and part-time position , Price Chopper adds a total of 125 jobs to the Fort Scott economy . People interested in Price Chopper employment opportunities should visit the Queen 's Food Stores section on the Careers Page at www.mypricechopper.com .
Eight days before their high school graduation Brianna Wittman 's life changed forever when they were hit by another driver on I-295 in New Jersey . It 's now six years later , Brianna has a checklist of goals sets for herself , all while inspiring others along the way .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
`` She had just gotten accepted at Evangel University . They were happy , they had a direction , and a week before their graduation they had this car accident . '' Remembers Brianna 's mom , Chrystal Warrington . That was in June of 2012 . Brianna was on the way to show their dad a painting they had just finished at school , when they were hit by another driver on I-295 in Mount Laurel .
From the severity of the accident and extensive damage done to their brain , Wittman 's doctors gave them less than a one percent chance of surviving their injuries . `` She was in a coma for almost two months . They were on a respirator and they were on a feeding tube . Everything . They were unresponsive the whole time and got pneumonia twice . '' The family was told to prepare and even if they would make it , doctors said they would be in a vegetative state .
Chrystal remembers being so overwhelmed . `` I could n't believe it was happening . We pretty much lived at the hospital . '' But eventually Brianna woke up and in October of 2012 , four months after the accident , Brianna spoke their first words .
`` Her first words were Mom I love you . I was so excited to hear their little voice . They just whispered it so softly . '' The family credits an act of God and a whole lot of prayers as Brianna 's progress continued . In and out of rehabs would be the life of Brianna and their mom for the next 14 months , as they learned to walk and talk all over again .
The following June 2013 , Brianna was finally able to put on their cap and gown and receive the first diploma from Moorestown High School 's Class of 2013 . “ The crowd was screaming , everyone was clapping and yelling . They were so happy to see her , it was just a beautiful day . ''
Brianna 's goals only continued to grow from there . Brianna tells PHL17 that they believed they were going to be able to walk again . `` I just had to relearn everything . I wanted to walk again , I wanted to run and I wanted to go to college . '' Those were the three goals Brianna told themselves they were going to be able to accomplish one day .
On February 22 , 2014 , Brianna took their first steps without the help of their walker and in May 2016 , nearly four years after the accident that nearly took their life , Brianna ran on their own .
Them story and determination has not only inspired others but has brought huge support to the family . Brianna now has a documentary about their life that 's titled Ask . Seek . Knock . The Story of Brianna Wittman . The documentary is named after Brianna 's favorite bible verse .
So I tell you :
Ask and it will be given to you ;
Seek and you will find ;
Knock and the door will be opened to you . -Luke 11:9
Brianna 's message for anyone : `` Do n't give up , things can happen . Good things can happen . '' And where are you going now ? `` I am going to The College of New Jersey ! '' Finally checking off their last goal .
Since the accident , Brianna is still working on regaining all the abilities they once had . They will now be a part of a special career and community studies program at TCNJ this Fall . They will live on campus and after four years she 'll earn a certificate .
Chrystal says that Brianna will become the independent person they want to be . `` Thats their next big goal , they want to be able to go to college and have the life they should have had almost six years ago . ''
Six years ago , when a trip to show their dad a painting changed their lives forever . By the way that painting ? It was of God comforting Brianna , and it was the only thing in the car to come out of the wreck without a scratch on it . Since the accident the painting has traveled from hospitals and rehabs with Brianna and now resides above their bed as a symbol for everything she 's been through .
Brianna 's documentary is premiering Wednesday , April 25 at 7PM . It will be in Pfleeger Concert Hall on the campus of Rowan University in Glassboro , NJ . You can reserve your seats on Eventbrite.com/Ask-Seek-Knock .
ALEXANDRIA , Va. ( December 11 , 2017 ) - As state voter identification ( ID ) laws across the country are being contested amid questions about the integrity of the voting process , researchers have developed a new statistical method that not only matches multiple records with precision , but can also identify the scope of discrimination when applied to voter ID laws . Recently featured in the American Statistical Association 's journal Statistics and Public Policy , the research titled `` ADGN : An Algorithm for Record Linkage Using Address , Date of Birth , Gender and Name '' was applied to a 2011 Texas voter ID law ( S.B . 14 ) , which the United States Department of Justice investigated as possibly discriminatory .
`` Our evidence suggests a smaller number of people lack ID than recent survey evidence suggests , and it also suggests a discriminatory effect of the law , in line with concerns of those who believe these laws disproportionately affect minorities , '' noted Eitan Hersh , associate professor of political science at Tufts University and co-author of the paper . `` Specifically , we found that white registered voters are significantly more likely to possess a voter ID than African-American or Hispanic voters . ''
Hersh and fellow researcher Stephen Ansolabehere , professor of government at Harvard University , designed a way to link individual records across databases . Such linking is challenging because databases tend to have errors and missing values and often lack unique identifiers such as social security numbers . Their efforts using combinations of address ( A ) , date of birth ( D ) , gender ( G ) , and name ( N ) match records about as accurately as if they had an individual 's social security number .
`` Voter identification laws have become a source of debate and controversy , and we think this is the strongest evidence to date about the magnitude and the discriminatory effect of laws on protected minorities versus white voters , '' continued Hersh .
Typically , voter identification laws are studied by conducting and analyzing data from surveys , although surveying people to find out if they have valid IDs -- and whether an invalid ID stopped them from voting -- remains difficult . In the case of the Texas voter identification law , findings were the result of matching 13 million registered voters to all forms of identification that could be used by voters showing an ID .
Application of the ADGN model is not limited to voter registration and identification litigation . In fact , Hersh and Ansolabehere believe the ability to link records with a high degree of accuracy is informative to research , in general , as well as to applications in a range of areas such as public health , criminology , marketing and government censuses .
# # #
About the American Statistical Association
The ASA is the world 's largest community of statisticians and the oldest continuously operating professional science society in the United States . Its members serve in industry , government and academia in more than 90 countries , advancing research and promoting sound statistical practice to inform public policy and improve human welfare . For additional information , please visit the ASA website at http : //www . amstat . org .
For more information :
Jill Talley
Public Relations Manager
( 703 ) 684-1221 , ext . 1865
jill @ amstat.org
Tensions between local calypsonians and politicians have reached fever pitch .
A seemingly unfazed Castries South East MP Guy Joseph has pushed back at this year 's political commentary from numerous calypsonians . The Economic Development Minister in the United Workers Party Administration has questions about the songwriters and suggested the lyrical content should be more ‘ uplifting ' .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
If you are looking for a potential next investment into a rare car , look no more . Here 's the perfect supercar from the previous decade in showroom condition and with only 7,297 miles ( 11,743 kilometers ) on the clocks .
It is a unique Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren Roadster from 2009 we are talking about , currently listed for sale at MotorGT . Purchased originally in Canada , the supercar was imported into the United States and is currently located in Florida . Under the beautifully shaped skin is a hand-built 5.5-liter biturbo V8 with 617 horsepower ( 460 kilowatts ) , mated to a five-speed automatic gearbox with three driving modes .
But what makes this particular SLR one of the most exclusive cars in the world is its paint . The car is said to be the only existing SLR Roadster painted in Ivory exterior color . The extreme color combo also includes a contrasting two-tone red-black roof , and a striking red leather interior . Needless to say , the paint is in pristine condition .
Not only is it a very well-kept example , but it 's also pretty loaded , too . It comes with carbon fiber ceramic brake discs with eight-piston calipers at the front and four-piston calipers at the back , power adjustable carbon fiber bucket seats , power windows , keyless entry , power steering with telescopic steering wheel , xenon headlights , and much more . The seats are extra-large for more comfort and are finished in a color , inspired by the 1955 Mercedes 300SL Gullwing .
Given the vehicle 's equipment and perfect condition , the asked price of $ 438,800 at the moment seems quite fair . We 've seen examples of the SLR selling for several times more money , so the price makes this particular car even more desirable . Also , do n't forget the fact that it 's been available on MotorGT for nearly eight months now , so the seller might be willing to further discuss the price on serious interest .
This content was produced on behalf of MotorGT.com and its partners . MotorGT.com and Motor1.com are divisions of the Motorsport Network .
Source : MotorGT
BioSafe Systems announces the strategic hires of Carleton Birk for the role of Operations Manager , and Tenaya Becker , Ester Mastronardi , Patrick Clark , and Kyle Pickles for the roles of Technical Sales Representatives in their respective geographic regions throughout the USA and Canada .
Carleton Birk is based at the BioSafe headquarters in East Hartford , CT as the Operations Manager . They are a graduate of the University of Connecticut with a BA degree in Corporate and Organizational Studies and an MBA from the University of New Haven . With 10 years of operational and quality management experience in industrial and job shop manufacturing , they are excited to focus on streamlining operations , improving supplier/manufacturing partner relations , and developing production capabilities and expansion for future growth .
Tenaya Becker is based in Southern CA as a Technical Sales Representative . A graduate of California Polytechnic State University , San Luis Obispo with a BS degree in Ornamental Horticulture as Technical Sales Representative covering horticulture and turf/lawncare segments in Southern California . With 25 years of horticultural sales experience in the Western and Central Regions of the USA , they are anxious to focus on introducing Biosafe chemistries to those who can benefit the most from them .
Ester Mastronardi is based in Leamington , Ontario as a Technical Sales Representative for Canada . As President and Owner of Plasponics Inc. and former President and Owner of Agro-Clip Inc. they are well versed in the sales , export , and import of agricultural , horticultural & vineyard products . They are excited to work with BioSafe and generate solutions for growers throughout Canada .
Patrick Clark is based in Eastern PA as a Technical Sales Representative . They have served as a business unit agronomist for Helena Chemical Company where they provided agronomic and precision agriculture support in the eastern half of the US . They were also employed by Marrone Bio Innovations as a sales representative in the Northeast & Great Lakes regions . Prior to that , they were the general manager of a wholesale nursery servicing the ornamental and agriculture markets in the Northern California , Western Nevada , and Southern Oregon markets . Patrick holds three Associates of Agriculture Science degrees from Butte-Glen Community College and a Bachelor 's Degree in Agriculture Science : Crops , Horticulture , & Land Resource Management from California State University – Chico , CA .
Kyle Pickles is based in the Central CA as a Technical Sales Representative . They are a graduate of California Polytechnic State University , San Luis Obispo with a BS degree in Agriculture Systems Management and a minor in Plant Protection and Crop Science . They have spent much of their career with The Deerpoint Group providing sales and technical support in the Water Treatment services division . Kyle is eager to provide a high-level of technical support and service to the Central Coast territory covering Oxnard/Ventura up to the Salinas Valley .
BioSafe Systems welcomes these new members , and is pleased to have them as part of the family . Contact them directly at :
Carleton Birk : cbirk @ biosafesystems.com
Tenaya Becker : tbecker @ biosafesystems.com
Ester Mastronardi : emastronardi @ biosafesystems.com
Patrick Clark : pclark @ biosafesystems.com
Kyle Pickles : kpickles @ biosafesystems.com
For more information , contact BioSafe Systems toll-free at 888-273-3088 or visit biosafesystems.com .
For Anthony Joshua vs Wladimir Klitschko US broadcast giants will work together for the first time since Mayweather-Pacquiao
For Anthony Joshua vs Wladimir Klitschko US broadcast giants will work together for the first time since Mayweather-Pacquiao
Read more articles by
BN Staff
Do n't miss any action . Sign up for the free BN newsletter ( s ) here
MATCHROOM Sport , Klitschko Management Group ( KMG ) and K2 Promotions have reached agreement with U.S. premium television giants Showtime and HBO to televise the most significant heavyweight world championship match in more than a decade , Anthony Joshua vs Wladimir Klitschko . On Saturday , April 29 , IBF Heavyweight world champion Anthony Joshua will face former unified world champion Wladimir Klitschko from a sold-out Wembley Stadium Connected by EE in London .
Showtime is the exclusive U.S. television partner of Joshua , while HBO has an exclusive agreement with Klitschko in the States . Each premium network will produce its own separate telecast of the main event match for the U.S. audience . SHOWTIME will televise its SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING presentation live at 4:15 p.m. ET/1:15 p.m. PT , while HBO will televise its WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING production at approximately 10:45 p.m. ET/PT .
Joshua ( 18-0 , 18 KOs ) and Klitschko ( 64-4 , 53 KOs ) will meet for Joshua 's IBF World Championship and the vacant IBO and WBA World Championships . The British sensation Joshua has knocked out all 18 of their professional opponents in a meteoric rise to stardom , while the long-reigning world champion from Ukraine , Klitschko , aims to win back titles they previously held in their 11-year rule as heavyweight world champion . Joshua vs. Klitschko is promoted by Matchroom Boxing , KMG and K2 Promotions and has officially sold out Wembley Stadium with a record-setting 90,000 tickets sold .
“ I 'm extremely happy and thankful that our respective U.S. TV partners Showtime and HBO reached an agreement , ” said Bernd Boente , Managing Director of Klitschko Management Group . “ This happened before in the Mayweather vs. Pacquiao and the Lewis vs. Tyson fights and shows you the magnitude of our event at Wembley Stadium on April 29 . ”
“ I 'm delighted to announce this historic deal that will see Britain 's biggest ever fight shown on both HBO and SHOWTIME in the U.S. , ” said Eddie Hearn of Matchroom Sport . “ It takes a special fight to break down barriers and boundaries but also networks and executives who believe in working with the best interest of fight fans in mind . With the obstacles in place it would have been any easy resolution to not air the fight in the States but I want to thank HBO and Showtime for their perseverance and allowing America to see one hell of a fight at our national stadium in front on 90,000 passionate fans . Joshua vs. Klitschko is a fight for the ages and we look forward to the show ! ”
“ We are thrilled to be delivering Joshua vs. Klitschko to the U.S. audience live on SHOWTIME , ” said Stephen Espinoza , Executive Vice President and General Manager , SHOWTIME Sports . “ On the afternoon of April 29 , U.S. sports fans will be able to tune in to SHOWTIME to join a record-breaking crowd of 90,000 at Wembley Stadium and a worldwide television audience in witnessing an event that represents not only the contesting of the heavyweight world championship , but potentially the changing of the guard in the most influential division in boxing . We are proud to be Anthony Joshua 's exclusive U.S. television partner as they attempt to establish their legacy against the legendary Wladimir Klitschko , live on SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING , as Showtime continues its unrivaled commitment to the sport . ”
Said Peter Nelson , executive vice president , HBO Sports : “ Both promoters and both networks have found a solution that enables boxing fans in the U.S. to watch the world heavyweight championship . This agreement ensures that our subscribers have access to same-day primetime coverage of the fight . It will mark Wladimir Klitschko 's 22nd appearance on HBO and the first for Anthony Joshua . ”
The 27-year-old Joshua has been perfect since turning professional shortly after winning gold at the 2012 Olympics for Great Britain . Joshua , of Watford , England , won the IBF Heavyweight World Championship with a second-round knockout of defending champion Charles Martin in April 2016 , earning a heavyweight belt in the fewest number of fights in more than 20 years . They have since successfully defended the title twice—against Dominic Breazeale in June and Eric Molina in December .
Joshua is just the sixth Olympic gold medalist at super heavyweight to go on to win a professional heavyweight world title , joining Joe Frazier , George Foreman , Lennox Lewis , Alexander Povetkin and their rival on April 29 , Wladimir Klitschko .
HBO has been the long-time home of Klitschko 's professional boxing career in the States . The 41-year-old has been a kingpin in the heavyweight division since winning Gold at the 1996 Olympic Games . They turned pro shortly after the Atlanta games and ran an undefeated campaign for 24 fights before suffering their first defeat to experienced veteran Ross Puritty . Klitschko quickly rebounded by winning 10 in a row and captured their first world title ( WBO ) with a unanimous decision victory over Chris Byrd in 2000 , a win which avenged a loss by their brother , Vitali , earlier that year .
Klitschko 's most recent reign at heavyweight began in 2006 when they captured the IBF and IBO belts via knockout in a rematch against Chris Byrd . They went on to make 17 consecutive defenses of the IBF and IBO crowns , 13 consecutive defenses of the WBO belt , and eight consecutive defenses of the WBA title . Along the way , they amassed victories over Sultan Ibragimov , Hasim Rahman , Ruslan Chagaev , David Haye , Samuel Peter , Alexander Povetkin , Kubrat Pulev and more . In total they have fought in 28 total world title fights – a unique record in the history of the heavyweight division – compared to just 18 total professional fights for Anthony Joshua . They were the longest reigning world champion ( 2006-2015 ) after Joe Louis .
This will be Klitschko 's first outing since losing the IBF , IBO , WBA and WBO titles to Tyson Fury in 2015 , their first defeat in 11 years .
The Syrian Army , backed by heavy artillery and missile fire , is continuing to take back control over several regions in Hama .
Syrian Army forces continued clashes with Daesh terrorists in northeastern Hama , regaining control of the villages of Job Zariq , southern Abu Khanadeq and Mazra ' a al-Aw in southern Abyan .
The troops also captured another strategic region in northeastern Hama , a hill overlooking the village of Rasm al-Dahal north of the villages of Qanafez , after a fierce battle with terrorists .
© Sputnik/ Iliya Pitalev WATCH Syrian Army Fight Al-Nusra Front With Heavy Artillery
A source in the Syrian Army also confirmed to Sputnik that elite assault units of the army have liberated multiple villages , all of which are located to the south-west of the previously liberated airbase Abu al-Duhur .
Russian aviation has been providing significant support to the ground-based Syrian forces .
The source added that control over the strategic height of Rasm al-Dahal will provide the army with control over Totah Hajilah .
The army also carried out a successful operation in the south of the province of Aleppo , where , after heavy clashes with terrorists of al-Nusra Front , the villages of al-Mulaham and Atshanah Sharqiyah were liberated .
The terrorists suffered heavy casualties and their military hardware was severely damaged in the attack .
By : Evan Jankens
@ kingofthekc
Malik McDowell , former Michigan State Spartan and second round draft pick of the Seattle Seahawks , is n't having the rookie season that dreams are made of .
Before the season even started , the 21-year-old McDowell was involved in an accident and has n't seen the field of a NFL game .
Things got worse for them over the weekend as they were reportedly arrested for disorderly conduct at an Atlanta nightclub .
According to TMZ.com it was all over $ 600 .
According to the incident report , obtained by TMZ Sports , McDowell was shouting at the head of security about $ 600 they believed he 'd already paid … even though they were repeatedly told by staff and their own friend they had n't given them the cash they wanted back .
Things got really bad when McDowell decided to start swearing at the police officer .
During a profanity-laced tirade , the officer says they detained McDowell with the help of their partner . They tried getting them in the back of their patrol car when they allegedly said … “ F * * * both of y'all hoe ass n * * * * * , p * * * * ass cops , I bet I get out , I got more money than y'all , y'all ai n't got enough money for me , p * * * * ass crackers , broke ass n * * * * * . ”
The officer said they almost pepper sprayed the former Spartan and they were released on $ 325 bond .
One of China 's top diplomats to the US warned Washington that Beijing would invade Taiwan should the US ever send a Navy ship to the island nation , which China considers to be a wayward province .
Li Kexin , a minister with the Chinese Embassy to the United States , said during an embassy event on Friday that they had told American officials that China would activate their Anti-Secession Law if US naval vessels were sent to the Taiwan Strait .
The law , passed in 2005 , denies Taiwan 's statehood and outlines Beijing 's methods to make the unification of the two Chinas a reality . But the bill also mentions `` non-peaceful action '' ( that being warfare ) if China believes that all possibility of a bloodless unification has been lost .
To Li , the deployment of US Navy vessels would signal just such a thing . `` The day that a US Navy vessel arrives in Kaohsiung is the day that our People 's Liberation Army unifies Taiwan with military force , '' Li told Chinese media , referring to Taiwan 's largest port .
Their words were echoed in an editorial that ran in a Chinese newspaper , the Global Times , owned by the Chinese Communist Party and often used to informally express the views of Beijing . `` The Chinese mainland has never given up the option of Taiwan reunification by force , which is clear to people across the Taiwan Strait , '' the editorial read .
`` Li 's words have sent a warning to Taiwan and drew a clear red line . If Taiwan attempts to hold an independence referendum or other activities in pursuit of de jure 'Taiwan independence , ' the PLA will undoubtedly take action . ''
The Taiwanese Foreign Ministry slammed Li 's words on Saturday , accusing China of using threats and coercion when they claim to desire peaceful reconciliation . `` These methods show a lack of knowledge about the real meaning of the democratic system and how a democratic society works , '' the ministry wrote in a statement .
Formally speaking , Taiwan — the formal name of which is the Republic of China — and China are still one country , as Taipei considers the mainland to be wayward provinces just as Beijing sees the island as a renegade territory . However , an independence movement consisting of left-wing parties that want to declare Taiwan a de jure sovereign state continues to gain traction on the island .
The Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) that currently controls the presidency and unicameral legislature of Taiwan is one such party that supports de jure Taiwanese independence .
Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen has made their support for something like an independence referendum ambiguous . They claim that their ideal is to maintain peace with China and the security of Taiwan , but they also have refused to affirm the 1992 consensus — a semi-official agreement between the two Chinas that there was only one undivided China , although unsurprisingly neither side could agree which China was the real one .
Tsai 's refusal has led to a significant degradation of cross-Strait relations since they took office in 2016 . In July , China entered Taipei 's air defense identification zone with their sole aircraft carrier , the Liaoning . Later that month , Beijing buzzed Taiwanese airspace with fighter jets .
The administration of US President Donald Trump has seen a strengthening of ties between the US and Taiwan , often a sticking point in Washington-Beijing relations . Trump was the first president since Jimmy Carter to directly speak with the Taiwanese president , and in September the US Congress passed the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act which authorized naval cooperation between the US and Taiwanese militaries .
In 1958 and 1996 , the US deployed naval vessels to the Taiwan Strait to defend the island during periods of sky-high tensions between Beijing and Taipei . Neither incident ended in World War III .
By : News Staff
Email : news @ abc6.com
Twitter : @ ABC6
WARWICK , R.I. ( WLNE ) — Pilgrim High School will be closed Friday after teachers reportedly planned a sick out .
A school department official told ABC6 News that they received several reports that teachers would be calling out Friday . As a result , they decided it was best to cancel school .
It is important to note that other schools are still in session Friday .
The Warwick Teachers Union and school administration have been at odds over teacher contracts and staffing .
The Office of Superintendent sent ABC6 News a statement saying in part : “ We have received several credible reports that the Warwick Teachers Union is pressuring its membership to “ call out ” sick tomorrow , Friday October 6th , at Pilgrim High School as a way of protesting the state of teacher contract negotiations . ”
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
The competition for the world 's biggest `` battle royale '' video game got even hotter on Monday with a not-too-surprising announcement : Playerunknown 's Battlegrounds now has a free mobile version available across the world . Downloads are now live for all iOS 9.0 and later devices and most Android 5.1.1-and-above devices with at least 2GB RAM .
Based on our preliminary tests of the live American version , this famously unoptimized game is way more playable—even on older , legacy devices—than it has any right to be .
Monday 's news follows last week 's surprising announcement that the similar shooting game Fortnite : Battle Royale had already begun rolling out beta invites to its own mobile version . Unlike Epic Games ' product , however , PUBG Mobile requires no closed-beta invites .
PUBG Mobile itself was no secret , having received a rollout on Chinese iOS and Android devices in February—and that launch decision may have to do with PUBG 's publisher , Tencent , operating in China . That was followed by a `` soft '' rollout of PUBG Mobile last week , which was only pushed to Canadian Android smartphone and tablet users .
If you have n't guessed , PUBG Mobile pulls off its `` free-to-play '' price point by selling in-game currency for real money , which can be used to unlock loot boxes . If you want to unlock a certain cosmetic item for your PUBG soldier , you can grind through various in-game challenges for a slow shot at the perfect loot box or you can spend more money to more quickly access intriguing outfits , hats , and the like . As much as I detest the predatory , slot machine-like system of loot boxes , I find it 's at least more forgivable for a wholly free game .
Victory within my mobile reach
Especially for a game that you would not be crazy to assume wo n't even work on your phone . Nobody wants to pay the PC and console price of $ 29.99 only to find PUBG Mobile does n't hold up to mobile-processor scrutiny .
Before I began typing this report , I set my current Android device to download the game 's 975MB installer—and I was n't even sure if the game would load . The reason being : I 'm using my backup phone thanks to my primary device having its battery utterly die . ( Thanks a lot , HTC 10 . )
I had to test PUBG Mobile on a once-premium Nexus 6 , which Google does n't even support with official Android updates anymore . Turns out , this was a great way to emphasize just how surprisingly optimized this game appears to be . On my late-2014 phone , PUBG Mobile ran smoothly enough for me to play with something resembling proficiency . I 'd compare the game 's frame-rate performance to the uneven stuff found on the game 's current `` early access '' Xbox One build , though the above gallery shows off how atrocious of a visual downgrade you can expect to get when working at such a comparable level .
( For those who 've never played battle-royale games like PUBG : the standard game dumps 100 online players onto a single island with zero weapons or armor . They must scour the island in search of weapons , armor , items , and vehicles so that they can move toward a randomly chosen central point of the island ; outside of that central safety zone is an increasingly growing field of poison gas , so you 're forced to run—and to kill other competitors along the way . The last person or team standing wins . )
PUBG Mobile is at its best when it automates the game 's usual management tasks so that players can focus on movement and gun aiming without having to fiddle with menus . Run up to a door and a convenient text prompt pops up to open or close it . Walk over anything that improves your current build—meaning armor boosts , health pickups , any weapons when you 're running empty , or upgrades and ammo to anything you have equipped—and your character will automatically pick them up . Other items that are n't obvious upgrades ( new clothing items , different weapon choices ) will appear as white boxes to be tapped .
Every primary `` need this at all times '' function has a clear place on the screen for tapping , mostly at the lower-right end of the screen . Jumping , crouching , going fully prone , shooting , and pulling up a gun 's scope all get dedicated buttons , and a map button is also easily accessible . ( When you get health pickups , those will get dedicated bottom-of-screen buttons , as well . ) The bottom-left of the screen includes a virtual run-and-strafe joystick , while dragging your right finger anywhere in open space will work like aiming an FPS game 's mouse .
All of these functions change when you hop into a vehicle—at which point , you even get a convenient `` switch seats '' button for the sake of quick `` aghghghgh we 're getting shot at '' moments with teammates .
Further Reading The rarest new PUBG items show up once every 80 years , on average My first session went surprisingly well , though my familiarity with the game 's fictional , default island of Erangel and my knowledge of the best PUBG practices did n't hurt . Still , I was able to maneuver around , gather gear , find teammates ( thanks to clearly marked UI ) , ferry them around in my four-wheeler , and even rack up three clean kills ( some blind-fired , some scoped ) before I eventually got taken out by a three-strong squad who 'd taken higher ground . Our team had to settle for second place . This good first-game performance may very well be thanks to other players being wholly new to the mobile interface , but I 'll continue to assume it 's because I 'm so great at video games .
I would n't dream of calling this a definitive version of PUBG . And further testing will be required for fans to suss out exactly what they 're losing in this translation ( such as physics effects , how cars bounce down hills , true precision gunplay , or excessive auto-aim assists ) . But for those moments on the go when I have 20 minutes to kill and access to a battery charger and decent reception , I 'm totally sold on what already exists in the game 's first day of `` official '' worldwide release .
Listing image by Tencent / PUBG Corp .
RICHMOND , Va. – Witnesses tell CBS 6 that multiple children were injured after a Ferris Wheel car flipped over at a carnival on Midlothian Turnpike .
The carnival is located in the old K-Mart parking lot in the 6800 block of Midlothian Turnpike .
Richmond Police and Fire responded to the scene to treat the victims .
In a video , courtesy of witness Jessika Alvarado , kids are heard crying and screaming while being rescued by fire officials .
There is no word on the condition of the children at this time .
Richmond Fall Carnival II is operated by Dreamland Amusement .
Stay with CBS 6 for the latest on this developing story .
300 empleyado ng BIR pinagbitiw o pinagretiro sa corruption drive By Leifbilly Begas Bandera
May 300 empleyado ng Bureau of Internal Revenue ang pinagbitiw o pinag-early retirement bilang bahagi ng paglilinis ng ahensya laban sa korupsyon .
Sinabi ni BIR Commissioner Cesar Dulay na kasabay ng paggawa ng ahensya paraan upang tumaas ang koleksyon nito ang paglinis sa mga ahensya .
“ We are aware on the problem of graft in the agency . I 'm happy to share that we are slowly addressing the issue , ” ani Dulay . “ Through the months I have also seen that the professionalism and competence of the personnel and bureau . We are slowly working on bad eggs . I suggested that they either resign or take advantage of their optional retirement . ”
Samantala , suportado ng Joint Foreign Chambers of the Philippines ang paggamit ng e-Invoice at e-Receipt sa pakikipagtransaksyon ng mga kompanya sa kanilang mga kliyente at sa BIR .
Sa pagdinig ng House committee on ways and means kahapon , sinabi ng JFCP na nais nilang gamitin ang digital technology sa kanilang mga transaksyon .
Mababawasan umano nito ang red tape at makakaiwas sa trapik sa kalsada .
Recent Stories :
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets , netbooks and mobile phones ; 14-issue free trial . About to step out ? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone . Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467 , for Globe , Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines .
Disclaimer : The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera . We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards .
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines , call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here .
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A songwriter has penned a moving tribute to family members who died in the First World War .
Roger Walker , 58 , wrote The Herity Boys after learning of the ultimate sacrifice their ancestors Arthur and Frank Herity made more than 100 years ago .
Both names feature on the cenotaph at Park Green . Arthur , a corporal , was killed in action in 1917 , and their nephew Frank died in 1918 after being sent to the front line for the second time .
Roger , who lives on Warwick Road , on the Weston , has recorded the song with close friends and posted it online .
They said : “ It took me a year to write .
“ I would spend a lot of time sat on the bench at the cenotaph but struggled to find the focus of the song .
“ Then I started to learn more about Frank ‘ Francis ' Herity .
“ The story goes that when they were 16 they signed up for the war even though they were too young .
“ He went to the front line but something happened , maybe it was too much for him , and they managed to get home .
“ He was arrested and put into detention for a year .
“ When they were released they went back to the front line .
“ He was killed in 1918 .
“ It was unbelievable that a young man could have experienced the front line twice . I realised I could tell the story through their eyes and it flowed out . ”
But the emotion of the song was too difficult for guitarist Roger to overcome and they brought in pal Andrew Jackson to sing it .
The song , which starts with the haunting sound of Tommy gunfire , also has the ghostly sound of the harmonica by Pat Curley . The song was recorded by Paul Lucas .
Roger , who works as a slater and tiler , said : “ To be honest I choked up when I tried to sing it .
“ I can just about perform it during open mic nights as part of my set now . It 's very simple , a classic folk style , and so far it has been well received by audiences . ”
Arthur was killed in action on October 22 , 1917 , during the Battle of Passchendaele .
Roger started learning guitar when they were 14 and has played in several bands including Modern Remains , Psycho Mafia and Chinese Marbles .
They have five children and seven grandchildren .
The song can be found here .
The Herity Boys
Was n't many days ago we were weaving in the mills ,
they called our names ten at a time and taught us how to kill .
see that young girl crying standing on the shore ,
turn around and wave boys you 'll see their face no more .
Sent as rats with thin tin hats mow us down in rows ,
here we go together boys we 've no time left to grow .
see that young girl crying standing on the shore .
blow a kiss goodbye boys you wont kiss them anymore ,
taken from the mill towns left face down in the blood .
we never dreamed we 'd die boys but others knew we would .
see that young girl waving standing on their own ,
turn around and wave boys we wont be coming home .
Before we all go over boys one thing they never said ,
they 'll carve our names ten at a time among our brothers , dead .
see that girl upon the shore slowly turning round ,
she 'll soon be standing next to you laying flowers on the ground .
Starkey Hearing Foundation officials call on President
Georgetown , Guyana – ( June 14 , 2017 ) President David Granger , today , received a courtesy call from officials from the Starkey Hearing Foundation , who are currently in Guyana for the rolling out of the second phase of their Guyana hearing mission initiative . The visiting delegation included Starkey 's Founder , Mr. William F. Austin , Co-founder , Mrs. Tani Austin , Global and Health Director , Dr. Luqman Lawal , International Development Director for the Caribbean , Mr. Kirk Richards , Logistics Coordinator , Mr. Greg Marshall and Mr. Rae Seebarran , Hearing Awareness Chairperson from the Lion 's Club of Guyana .
The team gave President Granger an update on their work in Guyana , which commenced last year , to assist persons with hearing impairment , giving them a chance of a better quality of life . Yesterday , over 560 persons were outfitted with hearing aids free of cost at an outreach at the National Exhibition Centre .
The team also informed the Head of State of a training programme that they have started for local personnel in order to make this hearing mission in Guyana sustainable . The President thanked the Starkey Foundation , noting that the service that they are providing to Guyanese with hearing disabilities is an extremely important one .
The foundation , which was started in 1984 in the United States , has now expanded its reach across the globe . It believes in using hearing as a vehicle to reflect caring and improving the lives of individuals and families . The Foundation has provided more than 1.9 million hearing aids to people in over 100 countries
Hartford Consensus survey results also show health care professionals believe they have a duty to protect if an active shooter event erupts in the hospital
CHICAGO ( Aug. 14 , 2017 ) : Hospitals are not off limits to tragic shooting events , and with these incidents on the rise in public places , more than half of the general public expects that physicians and nurses will protect them from harm if an active shooter event erupts while they 're in the hospital . Likewise , more than half of health care professionals believe they have a special duty to protect patients under these circumstances . But the two groups differ about the inherent safety of hospitals , with most people viewing them as safe havens , while health care professionals are more likely to view the hospital as a potentially risky setting for an active shooter event . These beliefs are among key findings from a national survey conducted in March 2017 by the Hartford Consensus . The results are published online as an `` article in press '' on the website of the Journal of the American College of Surgeons in advance of print .
The FBI defines an active shooter event as one in which one or more persons actively engages in killing or attempting to kill people in a populated area.1 The number of active shooter events across the U.S. has grown -- rising from 6.4 events per year from 2000 to 2006 -- to 16.4 events per year from 2007 to 2013 . Within that 13-year period , four ( 2.5 percent ) of the shooting events occurred in a health care setting , according to a 2014 analysis by Texas State University and the FBI.2 A further examination of shooting events from 2000 to 2011 , including those not meeting the FBI 's active shooter definition , shows 154 shooting incidents on hospital premises , with at least one injured person per incident.3
`` A hospital is even more precarious than other public places because patients are so vulnerable . Some are unable to flee , or may be impaired by medical conditions or treatments that render them unable to understand commands that can lead them to safety , `` said lead author Lenworth M. Jacobs , Jr. , MD , FACS , Chairman of the Hartford ConsensusTM , and professor surgery and vice-president of academic affairs at Hartford ( Conn. ) Hospital .
The standard directive to `` run , hide , fight '' in active shooter situations has a different connotation in hospitals because health care professionals are responsible for patient care . However , as the authors point out `` how health care professionals should respond is an intensely personal decision . '' With hospital-based shootings on the rise , the Hartford Consensus wondered about the willingness of hospital staff to place themselves at risk to protect patients if an active shooter was on site .
This concern is an obvious outgrowth of the work of the Hartford Consensus , which advocates that `` no one should die from uncontrolled bleeding . '' Preventing a severe bleeding death in victims who have a survivable injury has been the focus of work of the Joint Committee to Create a National Policy to Enhance Survivability from Intentional Mass Casualty and Active Shooters Events , convened by the American College of Surgeons . The committee 's deliberations are known as the `` Hartford Consensus '' because the group 's inaugural meeting occurred in Hartford , Conn .
To learn about the public 's perceptions of active shooter events in hospitals , Dr. Jacobs secured the services of Langer Research Associates ( New York City ) on behalf of the Hartford Consensus to conduct a national telephone survey . A second part of the research consisted of an online survey of health care professionals , mostly physicians , who were members of the Eastern Association for the Surgery of Trauma ; ACS Board of Governors and Board of Regents ; and members of the Hartford Consensus .
The researchers designed questions for the public and health care professionals to capture their answers for five key issues of belief : the risk level for an event happening in the hospital ; hospital preparedness to respond ; obligations of doctors and nurses to patients during an event ; level of personal risk medical professionals should accept for protecting patients ; and whether professionals should be required to save patient lives at the risk of their own .
Interviews were conducted nationally by telephone with 1,017 adults : 607 interviews via cell phone and 410 via landline . Social Science Research Solutions ( SSRS ) of Media , Penn. , preformed sampling , data collection and tabulation for the phone survey .
Next , a complementary online survey of health care professionals was programmed and administered by SSRS . Authors reported that questions about active shooter events in hospitals were recast for the online survey to ask professionals `` what level of risk doctors and nurses should accept to try to protect patients in an OR , an ICU , or on a floor where patients are ambulatory . ''
Online responses were collected from 684 health care professionals , of which 92 percent were physicians . Within that group 95 percent worked in a hospital , with 94 percent providing direct patient care .
The authors noted these key findings from responses of both groups :
More health care professionals ( 33 percent ) believe the risk of an active shooter event to be `` high '' or `` very high '' in a hospital than do members of the general public ( 18 percent ) .
More members of the public ( 72 percent ) believe that hospitals are `` somewhat '' or `` very prepared '' for an active shooter event than health care professionals do ( 55 percent ) .
Regarding physician/nurse obligations to patients during active shooter events , the response rates were almost equal : 61 percent of the public and 62 percent of health care professionals responded that professionals have a special duty to protect patients , similar to the way police and firefighters protect the general public .
These strong beliefs dropped however , when it came to the issue of personal risk , with 39 percent of the public and 27 percent of professionals believing that doctors/nurses should accept a `` high '' or `` very high '' degree of personal risk to help patients in harm 's way .
However , in settings where patients are more vulnerable , such as the operating room or the intensive care unit , more professionals believe they should assume a `` high '' or `` very high '' level of risk in these settings to get patients out of harm 's way ( 45 percent and 36 percent respectively ) as opposed to a location where patients may be less vulnerable , such as a floor with ambulatory patients ( 22 percent ) .
The public 's belief that hospitals are not risky areas for an active shooter event are similar to findings from the 2014 Texas University/FBI study . 2 `` The public 's belief of hospitals being at lower risk may be grounded in the perception of hospitals as sanctuaries of caring and healing , '' the authors wrote .
`` Our findings also show that the public tends to view the hospital as a safe haven , certainly safer than other public places like shopping malls or airports , '' Dr. Jacobs said . `` But we 've also learned that health care professionals are realistically more aware of the potential danger . ''
As a next step , Dr. Jacobs recommends that hospitals take steps now to ensure their entire staff is hard-wired to deal with an active shooter event . `` Ten years ago an active shooter event was a non-concept for hospitals , but clearly things have changed . Hospitals need to build resilience against such attacks as called for by Barack Obama 's Presidential Policy Directive 8 , promoting a fully integrated preparedness system to strengthen the nation 's resilience to deal with natural and manmade disasters . That directive means hospitals need to think about their vulnerability for an active shooter event , then develop a response plan , and practice it , '' they concluded .
# # #
Dr. Jacobs ' study coauthor is Karyl J Burns , RN , PhD , department of surgery , Hartford Hospital .
Langer Research Associates was paid to conduct this survey .
Citation : The Hartford Consensus : Survey of the Public and Healthcare Professionals Regarding Active Shooter Events in Hospitals . Journal of the American College of Surgeons . Available at : http : //www.journalacs.org/article/S1072-7515 ( 17 ) 30591-4/fulltext
1 Federal Bureau of Investigation . Active shooter resources . Available at : https : //www.fbi.gov/about/partnerships/office-of-partner-engagement/active -shooter-resources . Accessed August 10 , 2017 .
2 Blair JP , Schweit KW . A study of active shooter incidents , 2000-2013.Texas State University and Federal Bureau of Investigation , U.S. Department of Justice , Washington DC , 2014 . Available at : https : / / www . fbi . gov/ file-repository/ active-shooter-study-2000-2013-1 . pdf . Accessed August 11 , 2017 .
3 Kelen GD , Catlett CL , Kubit JG , Hsieh YH . Hospital-based shootings in the United States : 2000 to 2011.2012 ; 60 ( 6 ) :790-798 .
ALGIERS , April 13 Lucas Alcaraz was named Algeria coach on Thursday , three days after being dismissed by struggling Spanish side Granada .
The Algerian Football Federation said it had appointed the 50-year-old , but did not give any details about the length or terms of the contract .
Alcaraz , who has also worked at Levante and Elche , takes over from Belgian Georges Leekens who quit after Algeria 's early exit at the African Nations Cup finals in Gabon in January .
Alcaraz 's third term as manager at Granada ended on Monday after their weekend loss at home to Valencia left them second from bottom in La Liga . They have been replaced by former England defender Tony Adams .
Their first match in charge for Algeria will be in June against Togo at the start of the 2019 Nations Cup qualifiers . ( Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Johannessburg ; Editing by Toby Davis )
Taxes , not health , behind beer battle
Re : There is no legal right to smuggle beer , Dec. 8 .
Rob Cunningham 's suggestion that the government 's concern about beer purchased in another province is somehow related to health programs or an issue of smuggling is wishful thinking . The so-called “ sin taxes ” on alcohol , tobacco and the future tax on cannabis are significant sources of revenue for governments and the loss of that income is likely the real concern .
As price comparison is a routine for today 's savvy shoppers , they are likely to continue doing what they are doing regardless of how the Supreme Court rules on the beer case .
With the growing emphasis on eliminating barriers to international free-trade , perhaps it is also time to facilitate the free flow of goods and services within Canada by addressing matters related to personal utilization .
Dale Boire , Ottawa
My vision of Canada
Re : Canada seems content to shoot for bronze , Dec. 4 .
Shenbei Fan does a whole lot of name-calling : Canadians are smug , complacent and conceited as well as timid and lacking self-confidence . Why not consider that maybe we are humble and wise ? Our emphasis on good governance has kept us away from frivolous wars , impoverishment and political upheaval .
Fan thinks we need more “ Canadian multinationals ” to grow our future prosperity . ( Is n't that an oxymoron ? A corporation runs on the interest of shareholders while a country operates on behalf of all citizens . ) It is true that big auto , tech and fashion companies generate wealth and extravagance . We can all be cheerleaders for innovation as long as proper government regulation and taxation are part of the equation .
Perhaps Canada has relied too long on its natural beauty and resources , which are depleting over time . Whatever the endeavour , the way forward for the long term is to strive for “ excellence ” in our efforts towards sustainability and equity .
My preferred brand for Canada is “ fair and compassionate , ” aiming for a win-win relationship with all other entities .
Suzanne M. Giroux , Ottawa
Government too hands off on pot
Re : ‘ I said , Close 'em down ' : Pot shop operator evicted , Dec. 8 .
It seems the Ontario government is now making landlords do the dirty work instead of the police . I do n't understand why landlords should risk lawsuits from evicted tenants when all the police have to do is close these illegal pot shops down .
The Ontario government threatens landlords with fines for letting these illegal shops operate yet refuses to push police departments to enforce the law . I think the taxpayers of Ontario are owed an honest and clear explanation .
D.J . Phillips , Gloucester
NOMINATE A CAPITAL BUILDER
Canada 150 officially wraps up at the end of December , but the Citizen is still celebrating the special people in our community . In concert with the release of our book , Capital Builders : The Remarkable People Who Shaped Ottawa , we 're asking you to nominate a local “ Capital Builder. ” Your nominee can be a friend , a neighbour or a colleague who has contributed to making the National Capital community a better place : improving a city park , for instance ; volunteering or starting a seniors ' program ; being that sports coach who goes the extra mile .
In a letter of 200 words or fewer , briefly describe your nominee , and send your choice to us at letters @ ottawacitizen.com .
We 'll feature a selection of your nominations between now and the end of the year .
( Capital Builders , meanwhile , can be ordered by calling the Citizen at 613 596-3680. Credit cards only . )
Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune The Rev . Steve Klemz offers a prayer at an Inauguration Interfaith Prayer Service at the First Unitarian Church in Salt Lake City Friday Jan. 20 as Donald Trump takes the oath of office to become the next president .
Lisa Lillien is the author of the popular Hungry Girl website and email newsletter , featuring smart , funny advice on guilt-free eating . They are also the author of twelve books , six of which debuted at number one on the New York Times Best Sellers list . Read their PEOPLE.com blog every Monday for slimmed-down celebrity recipes and more .
Bread pudding is warm , rich , gooey , and incredibly delicious . While most recipes are n't exactly light on the calories , it 's totally possible to make a better-for-you version .
This recipe tastes like a peanut butter cup and is so easy to whip up . Dig in !
PB ‘ n Chocolate Bread Pudding
Serves 4
4 slices light bread
3 tbsp . semi-sweet mini chocolate chips
1⅓ cups light vanilla soymilk
⅓ cup ( about 3 large ) egg whites or fat-free liquid egg substitute
3 tbsp . reduced-fat peanut butter
2½ tbsp . brown sugar ( lightly packed )
Dash salt
Optional topping : light whipped topping
RELATED : Hungry Girl : Satisfy Your Chip Cravings with These Healthy Alternatives
1 . Preheat oven to 350 degrees . Spray a loaf pan with nonstick spray .
2 . Lightly toast bread , and cut into bite-sized pieces .
3 . Place bread in the loaf pan , and top with chocolate chips .
4 . Blend remaining ingredients a blender until smooth . Evenly pour into the loaf pan , and let sit for 5 minutes .
5 . Bake until firm and cooked through , 45 to 50 minutes .
Prep time : 10 minutes
Cook time : 55 minutes
RELATED : Hungry Girl : 8 Healthy Snacks Every Cheese Lover Needs to Know About
Nutritional Information : 1/4th of recipe ( about 1 heaping cup ) : 225 calories , 8.5g total fat ( 3g sat fat ) , 294mg sodium , 30g carbs , 4g fiber , 15.5g sugars , 10g protein
‘ Til next time… Chew the right thing !
Kanye West and daughter North had a Thriller morning !
On Tuesday , the father of three shared an adorable photo of their 4½-year-old playing with their dolls — including a collectible Michael Jackson figurine and one in the rapper 's likeness .
“ We danced to music Michael all morning , ” West , 40 , captioned the photo of North , who was dressed in whimsical rabbit-print pajamas . The sweet moment appeared to be only between the duo , as 3-month-old daughter Chicago and 2-year-old son Saint were not pictured .
Jackson 's influence on West 's music career has been prominent . Not only does the husband of Kim Kardashian West look up to the late King of Pop but West also previously sampled Jackson 's 1982 hit “ P.Y.T. ” on their 2007 single , “ Good Life . ”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
and we danced to music Michael all morning pic.twitter.com/cLGK1lIOp8 — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) April 24 , 2018
me and Mike 😂 pic.twitter.com/E79Uja1sBs — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) April 24 , 2018
RELATED : Every Single Response You Can Possibly Need in Life , as Demonstrated by Kanye West 's Tweets
West 's photo of North and their dolls comes one day after Kardashian shared an image of their entire brood . Taken from inside an airplane , the shot includes an extremely smiley Kanye and their three children .
“ Party of 5 , ” the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star wrote in the caption .
The snap is the second complete family portrait Kardashian has shared with their followers since daughter Chicago 's Jan. 15 birth . Shortly following Easter weekend , the KKW Beauty mogul shared the first-ever image of their entire family of five .
Kim Kardashian Instagram
RELATED GALLERY : Feel the Love ! See Kim , Kanye , North , Saint and Chicago 's Cutest Pics
Along with spending time with their kids , West has been busy in the studio as they get ready for the release of their next musical project . “ My album is 7 songs , ” they tweeted Thursday , following up by sharing the date of June 1 .
The musician and fashion designer also announced they will be releasing a collaboration album with Kid Cudi under the group name Kids See Ghost , due out June 8 .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Purple Mattress Does n't Sleep On Video Marketing
Share this content :
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Purple has come a long way since their Kickstarter days . In 2015 , founders Tony and Terry Pearce decided to reinvent their wheelchair business and start a direct-to-consumer mattress company . Within two years , the company ballooned from a team of 30 to a team of hundreds , and in Summer 2017 , the Utah-based startup merged with Global Partner Acquisition Corp. , putting the brand on the public market .
But if you go back to their original Kickstarter page , you 'll notice one Purple touch that has n't slowed down -- their creative take on video marketing :
Flash forward to 2018 . Earlier this year , Purple released a series of new videos , featuring a similar style :
The roughly five-minute video has garnered more than 3.3 million views on YouTube since it was published on March 25 .
Purple 's also thought smaller , experimenting with a variety of different video formats to captivate their audiences across different channels . The brand recently partnered with Oath , for example , on a native video campaign which featured six-second video snippets ( among their array of ads ) to capitalize on micro-brand moments and retargeting opportunities . According to Oath , the campaign blew benchmarks out of the water .
“ Content is a crucial way to reach consumers , so marketers are constantly seeking to understand the best medium to communicate their brand story and values . Through video , the question becomes how can you ensure audiences will pay attention to and retain your message ? ” Jeff Lucas , Head of Americas Sales , Oath , said . “ The key -- and often the challenge for brand marketers -- is creating video content that is authentic and resonates with the brand . With Purple Mattress , they leveraged smart and good-humored native video ads that aligned with the company 's brand voice , paired with advanced targeting to reach the right audience . ”
We asked Bryant Garvin , director of digital marketing , Purple , to share their insights on how the mattress brand built a competitive video marketing program :
DMN : Why is video considered an important part of your marketing strategy ?
Garvin : Consumers usually make their purchase decision through emotion , and we 've found there is no better way to tap into emotion than through video . That 's why we always use it as one of our first touch points with customers .
DMN : What challenges did you encounter when getting your video marketing strategy off the ground ?
Garvin : The biggest challenge for us was figuring out how to create content that fits inside each unique platform . How do you take one piece of content and make it work for Facebook , Youtube , etc . so that it feels “ native ? '' We 've had to learn how to maximize the resources we have available at any given time .
DMN : How does your video marketing strategy tie in with the rest of your marketing efforts ?
Garvin : We utilize video as a first touch point in the consumer journey . We then remarket to people who have viewed our videos with additional videos , display ads , native , etc . in order to help walk them toward conversion . We are also working on creating more brand videos that get to who we are and not just what we sell .
DMN : In terms of content , how do you approach video marketing differently than with your other marketing efforts ?
Garvin : We 're really into testing , but we definitely test video the most out of any of our other marketing content . We put a heavy focus on the first five seconds of the video to see what resonates with audiences and encourages them to engage with the rest of the video . Because video is often the first entry point for a customer to our brand , we put a lot of attention on that content .
DMN : What advice do you have to other brand marketers who may be looking to improve their video strategy ?
Garvin : Test , test , test . And when you think you 've tested enough , do some more . You never know what will convert . We 've been surprised over and over again by what content converts best . And for brand marketers , focus on video that resonates with normal people , not just something that 's beautiful .
By Annie Reuter
Jennifer Lopez and their beau Alex Rodriguez spent some time in the Hamptons this weekend for the charity fundraiser , Apollo in the Hamptons , which raised money for the iconic Apollo Theatre in New York City .
Related : J-Lo and A-Rod Find ‘ LOVE ' in NYC
On hand was Justin Timberlake who performed a few songs for the A-listers in attendance including Alicia Keys , Jon Bon Jovi , Jamie Foxx , Matt Lauer , Howard Stern , Priyanka Chopra , Chris Rock , Christie Brinkley , Robert Downey Jr. , among others .
Timberlake performed a duet with Pharrell Williams and also sang solo for their hits including “ SexyBack , ” “ Rock Your Body , ” and “ My Love , ” reports Entertainment Tonight .
A-Rod posed with Timberlake and Lopez in a photo and praised the event . “ Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in # NYC . JT killed it ! , ” they captioned a photo on Instagram .
J-Lo and A-Rod have been spending a lot of time together in New York . The couple shared a recent “ Sunday Funday ” while posing with some of the city 's iconic artwork , including the famous LOVE sculpture by Robert Indiana .
Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in # NYC . JT killed it ! # Hamptons ( 📸 : @ kevinmazur ) A post shared by Alex Rodriguez ( @ arod ) on Aug 13 , 2017 at 5:49pm PDT
“ Stretto ” features Central California shredder Dane Anderson on the smorgasbord of rights , lefts , barrels and softer lips for bashing , that funky zone offers . With a soundtrack beginning with a short piano melody from Weezer and escalating to Sid Vicious snarling one of Frank Sinatra 's greatest hits , the title “ Stretto ” -defined as a concluding musical passage to be performed in quicker time-is especially fitting . Do n't worry though , Anderson rips with the same speed from beginning to end . Enjoy the latest from filmmaker Mike Cochran , with additional camerawork from Perry Gershkow and Greg Browning .
A Juneau woman was sentenced to as much as three months in jail for stealing money intended for their employer and their clients .
Rosalinda Ainza , 35 , was convicted of theft last November of stealing approximately $ 28,000 from their former employer .
From December 2014 until June 2015 , Ainza worked as a property manager for Coldwell Banker Race Realty .
“ I know my apologies to Race Realty wo n't ever undo my actions , ” Ainza said . “ But I need you to know that I am deeply sorry for my actions . And , also the damage that I 've caused . ”
The stolen money was part of the firm 's property management trust account that was used to deposit tenants ' rent money and then pay out property management expenses .
Ainza also spent money from the account for clothes , trips down south and tickets to the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival , among some of the items .
During the sentencing hearing Jan. 25 , Superior Court Judge Louis Menendez said they were skeptical that Ainza was truly remorseful for their actions .
“ I am not totally convinced that you understand the dynamics of what you did , ” Menendez said . “ You stole from people who trusted you . You stole from your friends . You stole a lot of money . And I do I believe , in fact , what happened in that event , it was one thing after the other and you just got out of control . ”
Menendez sentenced Ainza to 90 days in jail and five years on probation .
Ainza must make restitution to Coldwell Banker Race Realty and perform 100 hours of community work service .
With what they said was “ great hesitation , ” Menendez imposed a suspended imposition of sentence , or SIS , that is different from a normal conviction of record . If Ainza successfully completes their five year probation , then the conviction will be removed from their public record .
Ainza 's Alaska Permanent Fund dividends will be garnished .
They must get permission from their probation officer before working in jobs that require handling of checks , credit cards or cash .
They must also notify all future employers of their theft conviction .
Assistant District Attorney Amy Paige recalled their own experience in Juneau renting for $ 2,100 a month for nearly two decades .
“ If I had found out that the person I was giving my rent check to every month was putting that in their personal account , I would be nothing short of offended and horrified because you work so hard , ” Paige said . “ Housing is the number one expense in the community of Juneau . Housing is so expensive in this town that people – it is cost prohibitive and people move because they ca n't afford to rent in this town . ”
Paige said it was hard to believe anything that Ainza had to say . They noted Ainza was n't remorseful at trial and , instead , laid blame at their employer .
Paige called for a tougher sentence .
Mike Race of Coldwell Banker Race Realty said Ainza likely committed over 27 instances of theft . Ainza 's case is now a lesson , they said , part of the continuing education for professional licensing of Alaska Realtors .
“ This will be referred to , and its consequences will go before all of the licensees – approximately 2000 in the state – as what will happen if you violate the public trust that we , as professionals , have sworn to uphold , ” Race said .
Race said Ainza 's theft three years ago still affects them personally and professionally , as longtime clients have left .
Defense attorney Nicholas Polasky asked for a delay when Ainza could report to jail so that they could submit an application for electronic monitoring .
Ainza would wear an electronic ankle bracelet in which they could serve their sentence outside of jail , but their freedoms and movements would still be monitored and restricted .
Since sentencing on Jan. 25 , Polasky filed several motions asking for a delay in Ainza 's reporting date so that they could complete classes at University of Alaska Southeast this semester . But they elected to withdraw Jan. 26 , the last day that they could do so without paying full tuition costs and spending grants and scholarships .
Polasky said Ainza reported to Lemon Creek Correctional Center on Feb. 2 .
( Editor 's note : This story has been updated . An earlier version of this story noted that Polasky could not be reached for comment after the sentencing hearing . )
I learned this Scandinavian citizen had been in Los Angeles more than 10 years , had married and had a child . After weeks of searching , I found a woman that I thought might be their mother and sent a message .
I awoke to a reply that said , “ This is the happiest day of our history , we have been looking for our daughter for two years and assumed they were dead . ”
The Task Force made plans with the parents to come to Los Angeles . The parents put me in touch with their daughter 's ex-husband and their partner .
A friend suggested that I speak with Palisadian Veslemoey Zwart who was from the same country . I did , and the next morning the resident was at the Consulate , to bring them on board . That resident also volunteered to reach out to the parents via emails in their native language .
But the Pretty Blonde was still on the streets . Members of the Task Force hoped to have the woman taken in for another 5150 hold , and that this time it would stick .
At an earlier PPTFH general meeting open to the public , Judge Michael Levanas had spoken about conservatorships and guardianships for the mentally ill , and how difficult they were to get .
Now they arranged for me to talk to an attorney who specialized in this area . The lawyer repeated to me what the Task Force was up against . I have to confess , I was scared . I 'm a casting director , not a mental healthcare worker . I remember thinking , “ Surely someone is going to step in and take this over any moment . ”
The parents and brother flew into LAX , where they were picked up by the resident who spoke their language . They drove them to a friend 's apartment where they would stay for several weeks . That night I met the parents and told what had transpired to date , and that our second attempted 5150 would take place the next morning .
It was a sleepless night for me , because I knew how crucial it was for us that things went right . I was also painfully aware that if things went wrong , the outcome could have been crushing .
Description :
Tamping Machines-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Tamping Machines industry , standing on the readers ' perspective , delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights . No matter the client is industry insider , potential entrant or investor , the report will provides useful data and information . Key questions answered by this report include :
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Tamping Machines 2013-2017 , and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Tamping Machines worldwide , with company and product introduction , position in the Tamping Machines market
Market status and development trend of Tamping Machines by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Tamping Machines , and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3023350-tamping-machines-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Tamping Machines market as :
Global Tamping Machines Market : Regional Segment Analysis ( Regional Production Volume , Consumption Volume , Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023 ) :
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Tamping Machines Market : Type Segment Analysis ( Consumption Volume , Average Price , Revenue , Market Share and Trend 2013-2023 ) :
By Mechanical Principle
Straight Track Tamping Machines
Points and Crossing Tamping Machines
Multi-purpose Tamping Machines
Global Tamping Machines Market : Application Segment Analysis ( Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023 ; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis )
New Railway Lines Construction
Track Maintenance
Global Tamping Machines Market : Manufacturers Segment Analysis ( Company and Product introduction , Tamping Machines Sales Volume , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ) :
Plasser & Theurer ( AU )
China Railway Construction Corp ( CN )
MATISA ( FR )
Robel ( DE )
Harsco Rail Corporation ( US )
Remputmash Group ( RU )
New Sorema Ferroviaria Spa ( IT )
Kalugaputmash ( RU )
SCHWEERBAU ( DE )
GEMAC ENGINEERING MACHINERY CO ( CN )
Complete Report Details @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3023350-tamping-machines-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Tamping Machines
1.1 Definition of Tamping Machines in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Tamping Machines
1.2.1 By Mechanical Principle
1.2.2 Straight Track Tamping Machines
1.2.3 Points and Crossing Tamping Machines
1.2.4 Multi-purpose Tamping Machines
1.3 Downstream Application of Tamping Machines
1.3.1 New Railway Lines Construction
1.3.2 Track Maintenance
1.4 Development History of Tamping Machines
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Tamping Machines 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Tamping Machines Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Tamping Machines Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Tamping Machines 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Tamping Machines by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Tamping Machines by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Tamping Machines by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Tamping Machines by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Tamping Machines by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Tamping Machines by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Tamping Machines by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Tamping Machines by Types
3.2 Production Value of Tamping Machines by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Tamping Machines by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Tamping Machines by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Tamping Machines by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Tamping Machines
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Tamping Machines Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Tamping Machines Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Tamping Machines by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Tamping Machines by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Tamping Machines by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Tamping Machines Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Tamping Machines Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger , Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Tamping Machines Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Plasser & Theurer ( AU )
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Tamping Machines Product
7.1.3 Tamping Machines Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Plasser & Theurer ( AU )
7.2 China Railway Construction Corp ( CN )
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Tamping Machines Product
7.2.3 Tamping Machines Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of China Railway Construction Corp ( CN )
7.3 MATISA ( FR )
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Tamping Machines Product
7.3.3 Tamping Machines Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of MATISA ( FR )
7.4 Robel ( DE )
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Tamping Machines Product
7.4.3 Tamping Machines Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Robel ( DE )
7.5 Harsco Rail Corporation ( US )
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Tamping Machines Product
7.5.3 Tamping Machines Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Harsco Rail Corporation ( US )
Continued…… .
CONTACT US :
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales @ wiseguyreports.com
http : //www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph : +1-646-845-9349 ( US )
Ph : +44 208 133 9349 ( UK )
HOUSTON - With their Minnie Mouse shoes and light-up wheels , it 's hard not to fall in love with 5-year-old Saori .
“ She was always smiling . They were always waving at me , and I was like 'Oh that 's nice , ' '' Houston Police Officer Sandy Fernandez said .
Homer , Michelle
`` He told me I was pretty . I told them they were nice , '' Saori said in Spanish .
Fernandez was working a quinceanera when they saw Saori .
“ She was there dancing , their mom was just like spinning them around . I was like 'Oh okay , look at that , ' '' Officer Fernandez said .
Dancing with their mom , dancing by herself , the little ballerina did n't care as long as they were spinning them wheels .
But then , Prince Charming came along and asked them to dance .
`` He told me that they liked my shoes . And I had Minnie Mouse shoes like these on , '' Saori said
“ We were just having fun , so much fun . So much fun together . It was just great , '' Officer Fernandez said .
Officer Fernandez has a daughter of their own and a sister in a wheelchair . So seeing the little dancing queen out on the floor by themselves tugged at their heart .
“ I just wanted to give them a great moment or give each other a great moment at the time , '' Officer Fernandez said .
They danced a couple songs , and they even gave them a flower .
`` I pinned it on my dress , right here , '' Saori said .
Alexander , Chloe
Juan Mancha , a DJ , got out their cell phone and captured the two dancing . It 's only 13 seconds long , but Mancha says it sends a powerful message .
`` I was just so motivated by it , because nowadays everybody just does n't trust the cops , and I was DJing and I stopped everything I was doing because it grabbed my attention . Looking at them just asking them to dance . They could n't believe it , their smile , they just kept looking at them and they started dancing with them and I said , 'Oh , I got to get this moment , ' '' Mancha said .
Officer Fernandez never knew they were being recorded , and they never thought so many would see . But he 's okay with it .
A touching moment between a Houston police officer and a little girl is going viral .
“ The public needs to know that we also have hearts . We also have family , '' Officer Fernandez said .
And for mom , it 's a moment they too will never forget .
`` Truthfully it made me happy because they were dancing with them Despite being in their wheelchair they try to have fun . And to see them make that gesture to dance with her , it 's truly a beautiful thing , '' Maria Moreno said .
Officer Fernandez says they hope to see Saori again , and maybe have some lunch .
But this five year old says they just wants another dance .
KHOU shared the video and It 's been viewed more than 300,000 times .
© 2018 KHOU
The TV world has been on the receiving end of several new buzzwords in the last few years . First there was 4K , which we now know plenty about as it 's pretty much everywhere . We finally have some proper 4K sources to deliver content , in the form of Netflix and Amazon streaming apps , Ultra HD Blu-ray and Sky Q .
After 4K came High Dynamic Range , or HDR . HDR refers to a picture 's dynamic range and the contrast between the whitest whites and the blackest blacks , the higher a picture 's dynamic range then the closer it is to real life , at least that 's the theory . HDR content uses meta-data - additional information - to tell the TV how bright or dark it should be .
Amazon , Netflix and Ultra HD Blu-ray all support HDR , but you 'll need an HDR compatible TV to see the results .
There 's also Dolby Vision , which is Dolby 's own version of HDR . It 's an end-to-end process , with Dolby involved every step of the way . The idea is that what you eventually see on your TV - which needs to be Dolby Vision compatible - is exactly what the director intended .
At the beginning of 2017 , the TV world decided we need a new phrase to get hyped about : Hybrid Log Gamma . Hybrid Log Gamma is a technology that has been developed by the BBC and Japanese public broadcaster NHK since 2014 and one that will eventually let HDR content be broadcast over the air . As we said earlier , the only way to currently watch HDR content are on an HDR TV are via Ultra HD Blu-ray , Amazon and Netflix streaming , Xbox One S and the PS4 Pro or another device , like Chromecast Ultra .
Note that all of the current ways of watching HDR involve either a physical source , such as Blu-ray , or a subscription to a video on-demand service . What HLG hopes to do is let you watch live HDR content .
The BBC 's research and development arm says it set out to create HLG because it knew it could n't rely on the end-to-end metadata in current HDR content , because it could be susceptible to interference or get lost during the production process . Also , the BBC says all its equipment is at different stages of its replacement cycle , so it wanted to invent a technology that would rely on only a few pieces . To this end , HLG only requires the BBC to change its cameras and critical monitoring displays , so it 's relatively cost efficient .
HLG has been widely adopted and is supported by a wide-range of manufacturers , so if you have a recent HDR TV , it likely supports HLG , but some other TVs will support the technology too .
The BBC says that HLG has been created in such a way that it does n't need to be viewed on a specific type of display , so you should n't need to go out and buy the very latest TV . Although you 'll still need a 4K TV , it does n't necessarily have to be HDR .
This is because HLG has been designed as a scene-referred system , which is what 's used for conventional television . This means your TV at home will be able to read the signal and use its own internal technology to reproduce the intended image .
It 's because of this , that Hybrid Log Gamma is backwards compatible , so can be used to increase the dynamic range of standard dynamic range 4K TVs . Because it 's backwards compatible , it means it can be supported by HDR and non-HDR receivers , so in practice it should be relatively simple to broadcast an HDR feed using HLG .
LG carried out the first trial of an HDR broadcast from a live satellite feed in collaboration with the BBC at the SES Industry Days conference in Luxembourg in May 2017 . SES Astra , a global satellite provider has an HDR test channel within its network of satellites , which broadcasters can use to test content and display standards .
LG conducted trials at IFA 2016 in Berlin , broadcasting an HLG feed live to the show floor . The company also streamed HDR content that combined HLG and High Frame Rate technologies . While the HLG side of the feed increases the picture 's dynamic range , the High Frame Rate side aims to deliver 100-120 frames per second , resulting in a smoother image .
LG has said the `` flexibility of the BBC 's innovative HDR HLG technology makes it an excellent choice for broadcast HDR '' and that when the test content has been broadcast to an LG 4K OLED TV `` HDR HLG content looks more realistic , delivers greater depth and the deepest blacks '' .
The BBC is conducted a public trial with a 4 minute 4K Ultra HD clip of Planet Earth II via BBC iPlayer . The trial clip is considered a `` pubic UHD and HLG test '' and some of the supported TVs do n't have HDR , so they 'll be a good test for the new technology .
The BBC subsequently tested broadcast with a live Rugby League game in UHD and HLG on BBC iPlayer . This was very much seen as a test bed for future World Cup broadcasting in 4K HDR .
Hybrid Log Gamma content is n't widely available just yet , but the BBC has been testing it through BBC iPlayer - with 4K HDR Blue Planet II as the biggest streaming trial so far . Compatible sets included 2015 , 2016 and 2017 models from Panasonic , LG , Hisense , Philips , Samsung and Sony . A complete list can be found here . However , the trial has now ended .
While content may not be available , the good news is TV manufacturers are really getting onboard with the technology . Panasonic has confirmed that its top-of-the-range TVs going back to 2016 are in line for an update to support the technology , along with Sony , which has issued an update for all 2016 and 2017 4K HDR TVs .
There 's no word on when we can expect to see permanent HLG content broadcast into our homes . It 's likely we 're still a long way off , as there 's only one test channel on the SES Astra satellite network . The BBC and NHK are doing a good job in proving that the content can be streamed over the air and into people 's homes , the next thing that we need - as was the case with 4K - is content .
The United Airlines scandal involving a passenger who was roughly “ re-accommodated ” out of an overbooked flight has sparked countless jokes memes and parodies . Now here 's a video teaser of something which could become a blockbuster among mobile video games : A UA fighter game for everyone to experience how it feels like to be dragged off a plane .
An isolated Tasmanian island is shifting from diesel power to green energy in what is hoped can be an example for other communities in Australia .
Flinders Island , off the state 's northeast coast , on Monday launched its $ 13.38 million wind and solar hub which will supply on average 60 per cent of the island 's power .
That could rise as high as 100 per cent when there 's enough wind and sunshine .
The island , home to roughly 800 people , has been dependent on shipped-in diesel for power .
Deputy mayor Marc Cobham said the hub can help `` future proof '' the tourist destination , with visitor numbers on the rise .
`` I 've been on the island for 20 years and for 20 years people have been wanting this to happen , '' they said , adding it will save Flinders Island 1000 litres of diesel per year .
`` The logistics of getting the fuel to the island are also expensive - that 's another good outcome . ''
The project was a predominantly funded by Hydro Tasmania - the state 's main electricity generator - along with a $ 5.5 million contribution from the federal government 's independent Australian Renewable Energy Agency ( ARENA ) .
The system uses advanced controls to manage the fluctuating mix of wind , solar and diesel power .
Similar hybrid technology exists on Tasmania 's King Island , Coober Pedy in South Australia , WA 's Rottnest Island and smaller off-the-grid communities in the Northern Territory .
ARENA CEO Ivor Frischknecht said the Flinders hub is unique , as it was built in shipping containers which were then taken to the island and `` plugged-in '' to one another .
`` The system demonstrates how it can be done and it 's going to be informing the market operations and network operations on the mainland , '' they told reporters , adding the method saved costs and made the energy supply more reliable
Hydro Tasmania CEO Steve Davy said there had been international interest in the project .
There are plans to add tidal power to the Flinders Island network over coming years .
March 19 ( UPI ) -- For the human cell , the process of dying is surprisingly complex . New research into the process has offered scientists insights into what happens to dead cell fragments .
Like almost all cellular processes , if the process of cell death malfunctions , health maladies can occur . To better understand how cells die -- and how glitches in the process might impact humans -- researchers at Rockefeller University studied an unusually shaped cell , called a tail spike cell , in C. elegans , a microscopic worm .
When cells die , other cells must descend on the retired cellular corpse to process the remains , or clear away the debris . If the leftovers are left to linger , disease and development problems can arise . Some cells are easier to process than others . Some neurons boast complex structures that are n't easy to breakdown .
Tail spike cells help C. elegans form its tail . Once it 's developmental mission is complete , it dies . When researchers watched the worm species break down its dead tail spike cells , they were surprised to witness a recycling process unlike most they 've witnessed before .
`` Curiously , the middle of the cell is spliced out first , '' postdoctoral fellow Piya Ghose said in a news release .
The process begins with the separation of the cell 's core from the rest of the structure , which rounds itself up and disintegrates . Next , the remaining cellular shell splits in two and is processed via two different mechanisms .
`` The part of the extension closest to the cell body is broken up into bead-shaped bits , while the distal part retracts into a ball , which is then removed by a neighboring cell , '' Ghose said .
Interestingly , scientists observed a similar pattern of cell death and disintegration among the worm 's neurons .
`` Since we see this phenomenon in two different cell types with complicated shapes , it is conceivable that similar death events occur in many animals , and perhaps even in human disease , '' said lead researcher Shai Shaham .
During the analysis of cell death , scientists also found phagocytes , the cells responsible for vacuuming up the deceased cell debris , use the protein EFF-1 to help grab and gobble up tiny cellular fragments .
The findings , published this week in the journal Nature Cell Biology , set the stage for further exploration of a little understood system .
`` There is a lot we do n't understand about this remarkable death process , and we are hot on the trail of additional players , '' Shaham said .
Is it really too late ?
Bill Conner , Ancaster
For poorer ?
RE : Royal wedding
So nice to see the traditional and the modern integrated so seamlessly into the Royal wedding ceremonies . I did get a chuckle when the couple exchanged vows : `` for richer for poorer '' — the richer part we all get , `` poorer , '' ah ... somehow I do n't think so , eh ?
Joe Benedetti , Hamilton
I got great nursing care
RE : Health care
Recently I had to make a visit to Juravinski Emergency , arriving at 8:30 a.m. on a Sunday and , to my surprise , to an empty room . I was in a bed 25 minutes later with wonderful care and service . Two weeks later with a different problem , I visited our Walk-In Clinic on Upper Centennial with the same efficient care and service with a followup a week later . Everyone so professional and friendly . Now , had I called my doctor , it would have been a three-day wait for an appointment , with no followup . We are so lucky here .
Marilyn Pottruff , Binbrook
Elephants in a very small room
RE : Wynne 's the best government since Davis ( May 19 )
Even as a progressive , sometimes-Liberal voter who approves of many of this government 's policies , I was blown away by John Barber 's wilfully blind partisan analysis of the reasons for Kathleen Wynne 's predicament . They managed to tiptoe around two elephants in a very small room .
First , the privatization of Hydro One . Who wanted that ? According to polls , no one . With borrowing rates in the low single digits , raising cash by selling off an asset earning 10 per cent-plus is bizarre . Economically , both common sense and the Financial Accountability Office say it 's short-term gain for long-term pain . Politically , just remember the 407 .
Second , our debt . In an otherwise progressive and equity-focused government , intergenerational equity has been largely ignored . Our children , too young to vote and as-yet unborn , are being stuck with the bill for today 's spending , even as we experience robust economic and employment growth . That is irresponsible and unjust . Polls show voters of all stripes are worried , and this is the key point Barber missed in praising the government 's otherwise effective policy-making .
This province is on the right track in so many ways , but if Liberals want to know why the premier is in trouble , just imagine what a different election this would be without our heavy debt and Doug Ford 's `` $ 6-million man . ''
Jeff Cassidy , Hamilton
Who is LRT meant to please ?
RE : LRT will axe most trees on route ( May 18 )
The story on the removal of 600 or so trees from the LRT route makes me wonder just who the LRT is really meant to please ? It also raises another question . Will those replacement trees be fully grown ? If they are not , how many years will it take for the trees to reach their maturity ? And is there any thought to what those 600 trees bring in terms of helping to curb pollution , not to mention their simple beauty ? A neighbour , a retired employee from the parks board , once told me that Hamilton has the most parks of any city in Canada . I wonder if that long-ago vision for Hamilton still exists .
Wildlife habitat within our city is increasingly sacrificed for progress . One need only think of the Mountain and its disappearing farmland . So tell me , please , what will happen to the wildlife that inhabits these 600 trees ?
Janet Ryding , Hamilton
Do n't be angry , be a leader
RE : Recycling changes
I am saddened to read the angry responses in Spectator letters regarding changes to what can no longer be recycled . It is very frustrating but to give up completely and toss everything in the landfill is not an option , either .
CBC 's `` Marketplace '' had a very eye-opening segment this past season on `` fast fashion '' and how textile waste is a huge problem for landfills and the planet .
If you have children and grandchildren it is a serious responsibility to leave them a lasting legacy more important than money or things . Do n't be angry — be a problem solver , be the leader for change .
Colleen Dawson , Hamilton
Freeman Health System has received the Mission : Lifeline® Silver Receiving Quality Achievement Award for implementing specific quality improvement measures outlined by the American Heart Association® for the treatment of patients who suffer severe heart attacks .
Every year , more than 250,000 individuals experience an ST elevation myocardial infarction ( STEMI ) , the most deadly type of heart attack caused by a blockage of blood flow to the heart that requires timely treatment . To prevent death , it is critical to restore blood flow as quickly as possible , either by mechanically opening the blocked vessel or by providing clot-busting medication .
The American Heart Association 's Mission : Lifeline program 's goal is to reduce system barriers to prompt treatment for heart attacks , beginning with the 911 call and continuing through hospital treatment .
“ Freeman is dedicated to improving quality of care for patients who suffer a heart attack , and the American Heart Association 's Mission : Lifeline program is helping us accomplish that goal with nationally respected clinical guidelines , ” said Paula F. Baker , Freeman President and Chief Executive Officer . “ We are pleased to be recognized for our dedication and achievements in cardiac care , and I am very proud of our team . ”
“ We commend Freeman for this achievement award , which reflects a significant institutional commitment to the highest quality of care for their heart attack patients , ” said James G. Jollis , MD , Chair of the Mission : Lifeline Advisory Working Group . “ Achieving this award means the hospital has met specific reporting and achievement measures for the treatment of their patients who suffer heart attacks , and we applaud them for their commitment to quality and timely care . ”
Freeman earned the award by meeting specific criteria and standards of performance for the quick and appropriate treatment of STEMI patients by providing emergency procedures to re-establish blood flow to blocked arteries when needed . Eligible hospitals must adhere to these measures at a set level for 12 consecutive months to receive this award .
It did n't take long to figure out Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell was n't happy with Colin Cowherd 's comments . The Fox Sports personality said that Bell was among the four or five best running backs in the NFL and it was clear Bell took offense to the insinuation he 's not the best back in the league .
Oh my gosh 😂 , the facts that Le'Veon Bell just spit . It 's pretty much the same thing I 've been saying about AB . Both Bell & Brown every year are in the conversation for best RB & WR , against someone else . # Steelers pic.twitter.com/ZiXqkom30m — SteelersKillerB ( @ SteelersKillerB ) February 3 , 2018
It 's an interesting case that Bell makes . They believe that because of their running style and their ability to catch the football out of the backfield people do n't want to give them the respect they deserve . But the fact is the unique rushing style of Bell did n't reap the benefits this season as it had in the past .
Bell is banking on their versatility to pay off big time this offseason . But is a back that can churn out lots of touches and total offense but perhaps ca n't control the game on the ground get the type of money they want ? We will all have to tune in and find out later this offseason .
Related 5 Steelers salary cap cuts to get free agency started right
It should come as no surprise that hate crimes occur on college cam­puses . Whether it be in-person harass­ment or stickers and flyers with hate speech posted around campus , it is a prevalent issue .
Recently , at Western Washington University , seven books were vandalized and destroyed in the Jewish book sec­tion of the library . The school 's response to the issue , however , sets an excellent example for other schools .
KOMO news reported that West­ern is doing more than just replacing the books that were damaged . They are also hosting a public “ re-shelving ceremony ” with multiple guest speak­ers and expanding the Jewish book section of the library . These guests include the university president , the dean of libraries and the director of the Ray Walpow Institute for the Study of Holocaust , Genocide and Crimes Against Humanity .
What 's important about the ap­proach the school took in responding is that they went above and beyond in condemning the act and represented the needs of the minority group af­fected . By not just replacing the dam­aged books , but also increasing the number of books in that section , it makes a powerful statement in regards to refusing to tolerate hate crimes .
Furthermore , by not just having the leaders of the school speak , but also a Holocaust scholar , they allowed the voice of the unique needs and history of the Jewish people to be presented .
More universities should follow suit , and they should respond to hate crimes that occur on their campuses like West­ern did .
While the University of Washington responds swiftly to hate crimes , it typ­ically does n't go further than sending email alerts out to students and faculty . That is definitely important , but it could be beneficial to be more public and comprehensive in their response .
In early March this year , white su­premacist stickers were posted on the UW Tacoma campus . The stickers were promptly removed , and an email was sent out .
Since it was fairly small in com­parison to the incident at Western , I understand why no public event was held . It would have been excessive . However , if more drastic incidents oc­cur on the UW Tacoma campus , I hope they will respond similarly to Western .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Catalan regional police chief Josep Luis Trapero gets into a car after leaving the national court in Madrid , Spain , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 . Spain 's National Court is questioning two senior officers of Catalonia 's regional police force and the leaders of two pro-independence civic groups who have been placed under investigation for sedition , a case over preparations for an Oct. 1 referendum on independence . Paul White AP Photo
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) — Indiana Attorney General Curtis Hill was investigated this year after four women claimed they touched them inappropriately at a bar .
Scroll for more content ...
The Indianapolis Star obtained an eight-page memo written by the law firm Taft Stettinius & Hollister , which wrote the document for legislative leaders who investigated the allegations against Hill .
The memo states that a lawmaker and three legislative staffers said Hill inappropriately touched them at a party in the early morning hours of March 15 , shortly after Indiana 's legislative session came to a close .
Hill , a Republican , denied the allegations , calling them “ deeply troubling . ”
“ At no time was my behavior inappropriate nor did I touch anyone in an inappropriate manner , ” Hill said in a statement to the newspaper . They also said they were never contacted by an investigator and that they have n't “ been informed of who made these allegations . ”
But legislative leaders said in a joint statement on Monday that the investigation was completed and “ the matter has been addressed with the Attorney General to the satisfaction of the employees involved . ”
One of the accusers , who spoke to the newspaper on the condition that they not be identified , expressed anger over Hill 's denial .
They said they were satisfied that the investigation was conducted and that the women involved were treated fairly , but they said they were “ disappointed that nothing can be done to censure them formally . ”
“ This was a pattern of behavior that was witnessed by many , ” they told the newspaper .
The document , dated June 18 , states that Hill 's alleged conduct toward the legislative employees may have been “ inappropriate , ” but was “ likely not severe or pervasive enough to result in a hostile work environment. ” However , the firm found that Hill 's conduct toward the lawmaker was “ likely egregious enough to meet the threshold of ‘ severe . ' ”
The memo includes details from interviews conducted with six women who attended the end-of-session party .
The lawmaker said an intoxicated Hill put their hands on their back , slid them down their back , put them under their clothes and grabbed their buttocks , according to the memo . They told them to “ back off ” and walked away , but Hill approached them again later and again reached under their clothing and grabbed them They again told them to “ back off , ” according to the memo .
The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly .
Hill , a former Elkhart County prosecutor , has been viewed as a rising Republican star . They were the single greatest vote getter in Indiana history when they were elected to office in 2016 .
In May , they warmed up the crowd at a rally held by President Donald Trump in Hill 's native Elkhart . He 's also visited the White House several times since Trump took office .
___
Information from : The Indianapolis Star , http : //www.indystar.com
Competing players have hailed the success of the recently-held Japan All-Star Softball Series as the sport prepares for its Olympic return at Tokyo 2020 .
The event attracted approximately 40,000 fans to the Tokyo Dome , the Shellcom Sendai and the Fukushima Azuma Stadium - with the latter one of the venues in which baseball and softball will be played at the Games in Japan 's capital .
Hosts Japan completed a three-game sweep over world number one-ranked United States in the women 's event sanctioned by the World Baseball Softball Confederation ( WBSC ) .
`` This has been a great warm-up for our sport 's Olympic comeback in 2020 , with top quality competition and great fans throughout the All-Star Series , '' Japan captain Eri Yamada , an Olympic gold medallist at Beijing 2008 , said .
`` Every athlete dreams of playing at the Olympic Games in front of a home crowd .
`` I am sure that Olympic baseball and softball will be among the highlights of Tokyo 2020 . ''
Japan took the first game of the All-Star Softball Series , defeating the US 4-0 in front of more than 15,000 fans at the iconic Tokyo Dome .
Their three-run first inning was key , with Beijing 2008 Olympic gold medal-winning pitcher Yukiko Ueno sealing the win in four innings of work .
Game two was tied at 1-1 until the home nation scored four times in the fifth inning to claim a 6-3 win at Shellcom Sendai .
Japan completed the sweep over the US with a 2-0 win at Fukushima Azuma Stadium .
Yamada hit a two-run home run to support Ueno 's pitching performance .
`` The team and I always look forward to the opportunity to play here in Japan , '' Amanda Chidester , a member of the US team , said .
`` There is always a large fan base that is extremely passionate , which makes it that much more exciting for the Olympics to be played here in 2020 .
`` Match-ups like this and the support we have from all ages show what both baseball and softball have to offer the Olympic Games , and Japan is the perfect place to kick-start softball 's return to the Olympic platform . ''
The Japan Softball Association signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the French Baseball and Softball Federation prior to the All-Star Softball Series ©WBSC
The French women 's national softball team were observers throughout the Japan All-Star Softball Series , along with representatives of the French Baseball and Softball Federation ( FFBS ) .
The day before the opening match , the Japan Softball Association and FFBS signed a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) aimed at supporting the growth of softball at every level in France and , ultimately , securing softball 's place at the Paris 2024 Olympic Games .
`` This was an exciting opportunity to come to a heartland of softball and train with some of the world 's best players , '' Eloise Tribolet , a member of France 's team , said .
`` The experience will help the French national softball team take the next step in our development .
`` The Olympic Games returns to France in the FFBS 's centenary year , 2024 .
`` Playing at the Games in front of a home crowd would be an incredible way to celebrate the 100th anniversary of French baseball and softball . ''
As a first concrete output from the MoU during their stay in Japan , the French women 's national softball team had the opportunity to train with some of the world 's best talents .
They participated in sessions with Japan Softball League 's Bic Camera Takasaki and Taiyo Yuden teams , as well as with softball legend and WBSC Executive Board member Taeko Utsugi .
France 's coaches also observed the training techniques that have earned Japan and the US the top two places in the WBSC softball world rankings since 2015 .
Baseball and softball will be returning to the Olympics after being axed following Beijing 2008 .
They were added to the Tokyo 2020 programme at the 2016 International Olympic Committee Session in Rio de Janeiro .
Where one movie fan saw a true-to-life prop from a Hollywood blockbuster , a Twitter user detected an opportunity to make fun , claiming someone had used the ID of a Russian spy , recently played by Lawrence , for an illegal scheme .
A shot from the recent spy action “ Red Sparrow ” with a passport of the Russian spy , played by Hollywood 's “ A list ” actor Jennifer Lawrence , has been praised for its believability in an unconventional way .
READ MORE : Jennifer Lawrence Answers Fan 's Question on Russian Internet Platform
According to the user with the nickname “ English Russia , ” one can easily use it for some illegal schemes .
Dude watches a Blu-ray version of a Red Sparrow movie , sees a Russian passport of a protagonist played by Jennifer Lawrence . They put it into online micro loan application and gets approved , received a loan . pic.twitter.com/SvEchYA30k — English Russia ( @ EnglishRussia1 ) 28 мая 2018 г .
The idea , which got thousands of likes and comments , amused Twitter users . Some of them fell for the post , others insisted on providing more evidence other than print-screens of the passport .
This is cool and hilarious but would love a source🤷 — White Hat scum , spread some love and positivity ( @ WhiteHatScum ) 28 мая 2018 г .
​​There were those who tried to expose the deception , claiming one document was insufficient…
Amusing story , but that would never be used as sole documentation for a loan . — Jacob Nørgaard ( @ jacobtf ) 29 мая 2018 г .
wow and they managed to do it using Windows 95 , truly amazing in and of itself tbh — doc ( @ doc_bitcoin ) 29 мая 2018 г .
The most surprising is possibility to use an “ external ” passport . I 'm not sure it 's possible — Anton Prokofiev ( @ asp_66 ) 29 мая 2018 г .
​…or pointing to the suspicious details .
haha…hungarian desktop on the second pic ; ] — Robert Gelak ( @ Gelak ) 29 мая 2018 г .
'Surname ' misspelt on application form . — Anselm Snodgrass ( @ AnselmSnodgrass ) 29 мая 2018 г .
However , most of them just had fun , praising the idea , with words and Gifs .
× The Hero
A number of movies have come out over the last few years where an older actor I love has a starring role . Michael Keaton ( playing an older actor ) in Birdman , Sally Field in My Name is Doris and Lily Tomlin in Grandma come to mind . Grandma was my favorite of the bunch and Sam Elliott had a nice little role in it . So it 's great that Brett Haley , who wrote/directed Elliott in I 'll See You In My Dreams ( Blythe Danner ) , is giving them a meaty , starring role here . And speaking of meat , things start off promisingly as we see Elliott doing a voice-over for a barbeque sauce . He 's got the voice that 's perfect for it ; and talk about art imitating life , we hear Elliott on a number of spots currently . When he 's asked to read the copy a fifth and sixth time , with no direction , it 's amusing . Although , it did make me think of a similar scene with comedians Chris Rock and Brian Regan in Top Five , and that 's one of the problems with this movie . It gives us some interesting scenarios , with a top-notch cast , but it 's all slow and cliched .
Now , had you told me Elliott plays an aging actor that sits around getting stoned with a former co-star , and that guy is played by Nick Offerman — I 'd say it was probably going to be one of the best movies of the year . Yet even those scenes petered out quickly . We get Jeremy ( Offerman ) telling them not to knock on their door so loudly . That 's the way cops knock , and they are dealing drugs out of their place . It 's just a shame there are n't enough funny or profound moments between these two .
When Elliott 's character tries to reconnect with their daughter , it never quite packs the emotional punch it should . Maybe because it made me think of much better scenes in The Wrestler ( Mickey Rourke and Evan Rachel Wood ) . This is basically a story that 's been told countless times , but watching Offerman , Elliott , and their real-life wife Katharine Ross in a few touching scenes as their ex , should be better . There 's also Laura Prepon ( That ‘ 70s Show ) , as a comedian and much younger love interest . Them character is a bit too flakey to be all that interesting .
So we watch as Elliott drives around , calling their agent to ask about real acting jobs instead of voice-overs . We get close-ups of Elliott , after he 's told they have cancer . And , in a scene that was done much better in the disappointing Robert De Niro movie The Comedian…an incident they are involved in goes viral and resurrects their career .
There are some dream sequences that are intriguing . There 's also an audition scene that knocks my socks off . It 's beautifully done , touching , and feels like the way real casting directors would act towards an actor of their stature .
There 's a scene where their character is given an award , and the direction it goes is nice . It was original , and the perfect balance of praise they got from folks , and not having their character get so drunk and stoned that they make a fool out of himself . The movie needed more moments like these . Instead , it 's a rather slow slog .
Attempts to reconcile with their daughter Lucy ( Krysten Ritter ) do n't feel authentic . It 's also a bit weird that they look so similar to their new love interest . Perhaps they 're really trying to drive home the fact that he 's dating somebody much younger .
What made Grandma such a terrific movie is that , even if we had one or two cliches , it was still a blast watching Tomlin . It would certainly be nice to watch Elliott go through a series of emotions and contemplating life , but it 's not all that poetic . A character study still needs a script . It ca n't just have Elliott staring out into the ocean feeling sorry for himself . Perhaps fleshing out their backstory would 've helped . Instead , we just get a formulaic picture , but it 's one the critics will probably praise . And you ca n't fault them for that . Any time you get 90 minutes of Sam Elliott , that 's not a bad thing ( although my wife , mom , and I…all felt it was a lot longer ) .
2 stars out of 5 .
BUENOS AIRES ( Reuters ) - World Trade Organization ( WTO ) members are unlikely to reach a final deal to curb fishery subsidies during the ministerial conference underway this week in Buenos Aires , spokesperson Keith Rockwell told reporters on Monday .
Delegates of the 164-member body were instead discussing an `` interim '' deal , but remained divided on whether such a temporary agreement should contain exemptions for certain countries while negotiations for a final deal went ahead , Rockwell said .
`` It seems clear that we may not be able to get a final decision , so an interim decision on illegal , unreported and unregulated ( IUU ) fishing is being discussed , it 's on the cards , '' they said . The United States and 12 other countries said last year they would begin WTO negotiations to ban harmful fishery subsidies , which they said contributed to over fishing and over capacity in the sector or were linked to illegal fishing . The success of any deal is widely seen to rest on the willingness of China , which has resisted pressure to curb its vast fleet , to accept restrictions . China presented a plan last month to ban subsidies to IUU fishing vessels , but with exemptions for developing countries and areas subject to territorial disputes . `` Overcapacity and over fishing - that 's something that has not been taken up here to any great extent because we 've only got three days and they 're trying to put all their energies into things that are doable , '' Rockwell said . ( Reporting by Luc Cohen ; Editing by Paul Tait )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Brooke Glass and their Gulfport Lady Admirals cracked the Elite 8 in the Class 6A Girls State basketball tournament . The Lady Admirals battle No . 1 ranked Jackson Murrah at high noon on Saturday on the campus of Jackson State .
London - A British man who planned a neo-Nazi-inspired machete attack on a gay pride event has been sentenced to an indefinite stay in a psychiatric hospital .
Ethan Stables was arrested in June 2017 as they walked toward a pub in their hometown of Barrow-in-Furness , northwest England , on what prosecutors said was a reconnaissance trip . Police found an axe , a machete and a swastika flag at their home .
Prosecutors said Stables had posted on Facebook that they wanted to `` slaughter every single one of the gay bastards . ''
Defence lawyers said the 20-year-old , who has an autism spectrum disorder , had been brainwashed by right-wing extremists . But they were convicted in February of preparing an act of terrorism .
Passing sentence Wednesday , Judge Peter Collier said Stables posed `` a very real risk to the public . ''
AP
Thunder and lightning could n't stop the fireworks show in Barrington on Tuesday night .
In fact , the lightning got in on the act .
An amazing video posted online by Diana Karley shows spectacular lightning bolts crossing the sky as several colorful fireworks explode around them .
“ As usual , amazing job Barrington ! ! ” wrote Karley , who said their daughter Morgan captured the captivating image .
© Gannett Co. , Inc. 2018 . All Rights Reserved
People choose to celebrate America 's Independence in many different ways , and for a lot of people that includes fireworks .
There are plenty of things to keep in mind this holiday , including the millions in property damage fireworks cause each year .
The National Fire Protection Association reported $ 43 million worth of property damage due to fireworks across the country in 2015 .
`` Just on a local level I know each and every year we do have fires due to fireworks whether it be grass vehicles or structures , '' said Benny Fulkerson with the OKCFD .
Many surrounding areas have taken notice and action .
According to TripSavvy , a handful of cities around the metro do n't allow the lighting of fireworks including : Oklahoma City , Edmond , Moore , Norman , Bethany , Del City , El Reno , Midwest City , Moore , Nichols Hills , The Village , Warr Acres and Yukon .
That includes sparklers , fire crackers , smoke bombs , and snakes .
Tripsavvy also reported a much shorter list of cities that do allow for shooting fireworks , those include : Choctaw , Okarche , and Mustang – only over the Independence Day holiday .
It may seem like a bit much but fire officials say the rules are there with safety in mind .
`` You can bake a cake at 350 and if you can burn wood at 540 and if glass melts at 900 you would n't let your child play with any of those things , a sparkler reaches 1200 degrees at its tip , it 's dangerous it can cause third degree burns , '' said Benny Fulkerson .
For a list of where you can view fireworks shows , click here .
Further Reading As DOJ calls for “ responsible encryption , ” expert asks “ responsible to whom ? ” In recent testimony before Congress , the director of the FBI has again highlighted what the government sees as the problem of easy-to-use , on-by-default , strong encryption .
In prepared remarks from last Thursday , FBI director Christopher Wray said that encryption presents a `` significant challenge to conducting lawful court-ordered access , '' they said , again using the longstanding government moniker `` Going Dark . ''
The statement was just one portion of their testimony about the agency 's priorities for the coming year .
The FBI and its parent agency , the Department of Justice , have recently stepped up public rhetoric about the so-called dangers of `` Going Dark . '' In recent months , both Wray and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein have given numerous public statements about this issue .
Wray said :
In fiscal year 2017 , the FBI was unable to access the content of approximately 7,800 mobile devices using appropriate and available technical tools , even though there was legal authority to do so . This figure represents slightly over half of all the mobile devices the FBI attempted to access in that timeframe ... Where , at all possible , our agents develop investigative workarounds on a case-by-case basis , including by using physical world techniques and examining non-content sources of digital information ( such as metadata ) . As an organization , the FBI also invests in alternative methods of lawful engineered access .
Further Reading FBI director : Unbreakable encryption is a “ huge , huge problem ” This `` lawful engineered access '' seemingly refers in part to the FBI 's office , known as the National Domestic Communications Assistance Center ( NDCAC ) , which actively provides technical assistance to local law enforcement in high-profile cases .
Further Reading DOJ : Strong encryption that we do n't have access to is “ unreasonable ” NDCAC 's most recently published minutes were from May 2017 . In them , the agency said that one of its goals is to make such commercial tools , like Cellebrite 's services , `` more widely available '' to state and local law enforcement . Earlier this year , the NDCAC provided money to Miami authorities to pay Cellebrite to successfully get into a seized iPhone in a local sextortion case .
The DOJ 's position for what it has dubbed `` responsible encryption '' runs counter to the consensus of information security experts . They say that it is impossible to build the strongest encryption system possible that would also allow the government access under certain conditions .
Welkom - Workers affiliated to the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union ( Amcu ) on Friday , vowed not to return underground at Beatrix gold mine in the Free State until safety issues were resolved and they get certain assurances from the mine and government .
Sibanye-Stillwater , the owner of the mine , confirmed that 955 workers were rescued unharmed at its Beatrix Shaft 3 in the early hours of Friday morning , after a power cut affected an elevator to bring them up following a severe storm on Wednesday night .
The company had already taken a decision to halt operations at the 2.2km depth mine until Monday to allow workers to recieve trauma counselling and recover fully .
However , Amcu President Joseph Mathunjwa said that the union wanted to check whether Sibanye-Stillwater was complying with all regulations at Beatrix .
`` We have put the demands as Amcu that there must not be any worker that reports to work on Monday . Their families are traumatised as much as the breadwinners are traumatised . Therefore they need to be given ample time for trauma counselling , '' Mathunjwa told journalists at the mine following a marathon meeting with Sibanye-Stillwater management and government . ''
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Amcu president Joseph Marhunjwa outlines the demands that the union made to management of Sibanye-Stillwater owned Beatrix gold mine in Welkom , Free State , as 955 workers were rescued alive early on Friday after they were trapped underground on Wednesday night . Video : Siphelele Dludla/ANA
`` We also requested this audit that the minister is taking about that they must do a full-scale audit at this mine . We demand new generators . If Sibanye can go and purchase a mine in the US , surely it can purchase new generators . ''
Mathunjwa said that the mine must have an emergency power supply for ventilation purposes in cases where workers are trapped underground , especially Beatrix mine because it 's shallow and highly concentrated in methane gas .
Mathunjwa also confirmed that the union had demanded a R3 000 payment each for workers who were trapped underground as compensation and for counselling expenses .
Head of investor relations at Sibanye-Stillwater , James Wellsted , dismissed Amcu 's R3 000 demand , saying that the mine was already providing workers with trauma counselling .
Meanwhile , Mineral Resources Minister Mosebenzi Zwane on Friday said that governement would not issue a Section 54 work stoppage certificate to Beatrix gold mine in the Free State where hundreds of workers were trapped underground for two nights .
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Minister Mosebenzi Zwane briefs the media following their marathon meeting with Sibanye-Stillwater at its Beatrix gold mine in the Free State , saying that government would not issue a section 54 work stoppage certificate against the mine , but will rather follow `` due processes '' . Video : Siphelele Dludla/ANA
Briefing the media after a three-hour meeting with mine management and trade unions , Zwane said that government would rather ensure that due process was followed in investigating the incident before allowing operations to resume and for workers to return underground .
`` We have agreed with everybody in the meeting that we are going to follow due processes to ensure the safety of everybody and allow the mine to operate once we have followed those processes . I do not want to speculate on the cause of this incident as a responsible leader , '' Zwane said .
`` We will be investigating issues of negligence , generator [ faiIure ] , infrastructure and any other issue we deem fit . But until we have facts , we can not issue a Section 54 because we know there was a storm in the area . We dont want to close these mines perpetually . ''
Zwane said the mine had taken a correct decision by not rescuing the workers through an alternative escape route because that route contained toxic gasses and `` high methane levels '' .
Zwane also said that the mine would remain temporarily closed until an investigation by the mineral resources ' inspectorate is complete , which might take up a day or up to four days .
African News Agency/ANA
Like us on Facebook
Share . From worry to Woooooo ! From worry to Woooooo !
Pro-wrestling legend and 16-time world champion Ric Flair , 68 , is out and resting after surgery was performed to try and ease a heart-related issue .
On Saturday morning , Flair was admitted to the hospital for what their rep , Melinda Morris Zanoni , said on social media involved `` some tough medical issues. ” After their condition worsened , Flair was placed in a medically induced coma , reported TMZ .
It 's being said now that Flair 's family is currently by their side , though no official prognosis has been announced as everyone is still waiting to meet with the doctors .
Ric Flair made their name in promotions and territories all over the world , holding top championships in most . With a trademark `` Wooooo ! '' and a `` stylin ' and profilin ' '' glitzy gimmick centered around being a `` limousine riding , jet flying , kiss-stealing , wheelin ' n ' dealin ' son of a gun , '' Flair 's immeasurable gifts in the ring and on the mic helped pave the way for many mega-stars that would follow him , like The Rock and Triple H .
Matt Fowler is a writer for IGN and a member of the Television Critics Association ( TCA ) . Follow them on Twitter at @ TheMattFowler and Facebook at Facebook.com/MattBFowler .
April 24 ( UPI ) -- Scientists say they 've discovered a secret law of galaxy cluster evolution .
Galaxy clusters are the largest objects in the universe held together by gravity , but because they 're made up of mostly dark matter , they 're difficult to measure .
In a new study , published this week in the Astrophysical Journal , a team of researchers from Taiwan , Italy , Japan and the United States detailed their discovery of a law they believe governs the evolution of all galaxy clusters .
Because dark matter ca n't be directly observed -- at least , not yet -- the best way to study it is measure its gravitational influence . Thus , the best way to image and analyze galaxy clusters and their massive amounts of dark matter is by studying gravitational lensing data .
Gravitational lensing describes the bending of distant light as it is warped by the gravitational pull of an intermediary object . By measuring how the intermediary cluster warps the light of a faraway galaxy on its trek to the lens of a telescope , scientists can yield new insights into their nature .
While a single gravitational lensing event ca n't uncover many secrets of galaxy clusters , a survey of many gravitational lensing events can yield patterns . By studying how multiple clusters distort the light of distant galaxies , scientists were able to estimate each cluster 's gravitational field , as well as each cluster 's size and mass .
Data recorded by the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan 's Subaru Telescope and NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope helped scientists calculate the distortion effect of the galaxy clusters .
When astronomers combined their calculations with gas temperature measurements recorded by NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory , they found a rather simple law dictating the relationship between each cluster 's size , mass and gas temperature .
The law suggests that while galaxy clusters have been growing for between 4 and 8 billion years , they 're still in adolescence .
`` We 've discovered the law that regulates the growth of clusters of galaxies , '' Yutaka Fujita , an astronomer at Osaka University , said in a news release . `` Clusters have an internal structure uniquely created in an early growth spurt . ''
The newly discovered law could help scientists unravel the complex relationships between the thousands of galaxies that make up galaxy clusters . Understanding the dynamics of cluster relations is essential to studying the cosmological laws of the universe .
`` Our research draws us closer to explaining the evolutionary history of clusters and the universe , '' Fujita said .
Bitesize OxStu Bitesize : Issue 6 By
Oxford keeps ticking even when its students are on holiday – so we at the OxStu News team have put together a weekly newsletter for all your Oxford news in one quick bite . Every Monday , to start your week , we 'll bring student , university , research and city news all together in one place .
Student
NSS respondents fall after NUS-organised boycott
The National Student Survey , published this week , has had a significant drop in participation following campaigning by the NUS to boycott the survey . See our article for details .
University
New College bursar criticises senior management pay
David Palfreyman , bursar of New College , has openly criticised the high salaries of Oxford 's Vice-Chancellor and their senior management team , claiming that rising pay has shown no comparable increase in quality of the running of the University . Louise Richardson , Oxford University 's vice-chancellor , is currently paid £350,000 . Universities Minister Jo Johnson has called upon institutions to show “ serious restraint ” in vice-chancellor pay .
New hits top of Norrington Table 2017
New College is top of the leaderboard in this year 's provisional Norrington Table , which ranks all colleges according to finalist results . See our article for details .
Core A-levels better than course-specific for university chances
Research by UCL 's Institute of Education has found that applicants to Russell Group universities for business , accounting and law were less likely to receive places if they had studied the subject as part of A-levels . Tracking more than 475,000 students , the study found that universities preferred the core subjects of science , languages and mathematics .
Oxford
Begbroke and Yarton home building consultation extended
Public consultation on plans for 4,400 homes to be built in the Green Belt in Oxfordshire has been extended to October , after the original time was found unsatisfactory . Residents were given six weeks over the summer holiday to read the 200-page document and submit their thoughts .
In case you missed it , here 's last week 's newsletter , Issue 4 .
Oxstu Bitesize 14/08/17 – compiled by Charlie Willis .
A woman who was killed before a police officer fatally shot a man Thursday in southeast Oklahoma City has been identified , and a man has been arrested .
Jennifer Young , 51 , of Oklahoma City , was found dead after police said an officer fatally shot their husband William Young .
William Young reportedly started shooting at officer Brandon McDonald when they were investigating a `` danger unknown '' call at 15001 Barton Drive .
William Young 's brother , Robert Young , 55 , was arrested in connection with the incident on complaints of first-degree murder and kidnapping .
While police were investigating the officer-involved shooting , officers found Jennifer Young dead in a van on the premises .
Before officers were called to the house , Jennifer Young and their 29-year-old daughter , Rebecca Johnson , were shot .
Police did not release Johnson 's condition .
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more information as it becomes available .
The government says it will begin licensing cinemas immediately and the first movie theaters are expected to open next March , in a decision that could boost the Gulf state 's nascent film industry
Published 6:57 AM , December 12 , 2017
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia – Saudi Arabia on Monday , December 11 , lifted a decades-old ban on cinemas , part of powerful Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman 's far-reaching liberalization drive that is shaking up the ultra-conservative Muslim kingdom .
The government said it would begin licensing cinemas immediately and the first movie theaters are expected to open next March , in a decision that could boost the Gulf state 's nascent film industry .
Reviving cinemas represents a paradigm shift in the kingdom , which is seeking to balance unpopular subsidy cuts in an era of low oil prices with more entertainment options , despite opposition from hardliners who vilify movie theaters as vulgar and sinful .
`` Commercial cinemas will be allowed to operate in the Kingdom as of early 2018 , for the first time in more than 35 years , '' the culture and information ministry said in a statement .
`` This marks a watershed moment in the development of the cultural economy in the kingdom , '' the statement quoted Information Minister Awwad Alawwad as saying .
Saudi Arabia is expected to have more than 300 cinemas – with over 2,000 screens – by 2030 , giving rise to an industry that would contribute $ 24 billion to the economy , the ministry said .
Like most public spaces in the kingdom , cinema halls are expected to be segregated by gender or have a separate section for families .
'Beautiful day '
Hardliners , who see cinemas as a threat to cultural and religious identity , were instrumental in shutting them down in the 1980s .
Saudi Arabia 's highest-ranking cleric warned in January of the `` depravity '' of cinemas , saying they would corrupt morals .
But authorities appear to be shrugging off the threat , with some comparing Saudi Arabia 's reform drive to a fast-moving bus – either people get on board or risk being left behind .
Saudis themselves appear quietly astounded by the torrid pace of social change , which includes the historic decision allowing women to drive from next June .
Saudi Arabia in recent months has organized concerts , comedy shows , a Comic-Con pop culture festival and a mixed-gender national day celebration that saw people dancing in the streets to thumping electronic music for the first time .
The social transformation chimes with Prince Mohammed 's recent pledge to return Saudi Arabia to an `` open , moderate Islam '' and destroy extremist ideologies .
Saudi filmmakers have long argued that a ban on cinemas does not make sense in the age of YouTube .
Saudi films have been making waves abroad , using the internet to circumvent distribution channels and sometimes the stern gaze of state censors .
`` It is a beautiful day in # SaudiArabia ! '' Saudi female director Haifaa al-Mansour said on Twitter , reacting to Monday 's announcement .
Them film `` Wadjda '' made history in 2013 after it became Saudi Arabia 's first Academy Award entry .
The film depicts the dream of a 10-year-old girl to get a bicycle just like the boys in their conservative neighborhood .
'Catalyst for economic growth '
The lifting of the ban represents a huge opportunity for regional movie chains that have long eyed Saudi Arabia as the Middle East 's last untapped mass market .
Dubai-based Majid Al Futtaim , which owns the VOX Cinemas chain , said it was looking to launch movie theaters in the kingdom .
`` These are exciting times and ( we ) will work with the kingdom to extend the footprint of our VOX Cinemas brand to Saudi Arabia in the months ahead , '' Majid Al Futtaim said in a statement .
Without cinemas , filmmakers said investment in films was unlikely to flourish and the depiction of society would not move beyond the foreign portrayal of Saudis as extremist or culturally primitive .
`` Now our young men and women will show the world possibilities and stories worth seeing , '' Saudi filmmaker Aymen Tarek Jamal said on Twitter .
`` Congratulations to the 2030 Generation . ''
The reform stems partly from an economic motive to boost domestic spending on entertainment as the kingdom reels from a protracted slump in oil prices .
Saudis splurge billions of dollars annually to see movie shows and visit amusement parks in neighboring tourist hubs like Dubai .
`` Opening cinemas will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification , '' Alawwad said .
`` By developing the broader cultural sector we will create new employment and training opportunities , '' the information minister said , adding the cinema industry was expected to generate 30,000 permanent jobs by 2030 . – Rappler.com
Cybergossiping occurs when two or more people make evaluative comments on a digitial device about a third person who is not present . This kind of online behavior is common among adolescents when they are instant messaging and on social networking sites . Cybergossiping directly impacts the group , and can just as easily foster as damage the quality of the relationships among its members .
What is known as gossiping among friends , that is to say teenagers talking to each other about other people , is a kind of dialog considered fun and casual , and tends to be quite popular . These kinds of conversations have a bad name but happen in all cultures . But gossiping also has to be interpreted as a mechanism that unites the group , facilitates information transfer , strengthens bonds and influences the behavior of the group 's members . Since gossiping is entertaining , it is also satisfying . However , cybergossiping can also lead to risky cybernetic behavior such as cyberbullying , which implies intentional harm among peers online . This statement is one of the conclusions drawn from the study led by University of Cordoba Developmental and Educational Psychology Professor Eva Romera .
Professor Romera is also a member of the Laboratory of Coexistence and Violence Prevention Studies ( LAECOVI in Spanish ) . The study looks closely at online behavior and evaluative comments made by teenageers between 12 and 19 years of age when they are gossiping .
Scientific research thus far that has assessed the nature of this interactive behavior among teens has been limited and is almost always focused on negative behavior , implying indirect assaults that are intentionally hurtful . This study by Professor Romera and a group of collaborators , which was recently published in the journal Frontiers in Psychology , has come to turn the tables on this belief . According to Romera , though this research does not rule out the fact that cybergossiping can lead to negative behavior ( such as excluding someone from the group or harming their reputation ) , its `` socializing function '' also has to be valued . Accordingly , making evaluative comments online about somebody who is not present can have a positive influence among teens because it lets them `` feel better , feel more integrated in the group , better understand what others think and learn more about the people around them . '' Ultimately , according to the study , cybergossiping should be interpreted in a broad sense of the word , in which besides being considered a risk , `` it is a social learning mechanism '' that fosters new ways of social interaction .
Cybergossiping is a way to practice online communication skills , which are useful in building positive virtual relationships , because the complexity of this communication also usually includes critically reviewing and looking for ways to reconcile the contributions of each interlocutor .
In order to carry out this study , done in collaboration with the University of Seville and the University of Nariño ( Colombia ) , a thorough literature review on gossip and cybergossip was done . Then , a questionnaire was designed and validated , by interviewing 3,747 Spanish and Colombian secondary school students . The final questionnaire consists of nine questions , chosen from a much higher number by means of rigorous statistical analysis . This method of self-report survey , according to the University of Cordoba professor `` allows for confidential responses regarding something linked to trust and discretion . ''
The analyses point to the notion of cybergossiping being similar in both countries and that it is done at the same rate among males and females , thereby dismissing the idea that females are `` bigger cybergossips '' than males . A lower rate of cybergossiping among Colombian adolescents was detected in comparison to Spanish adolescents . The reasons for this last finding reside in the fact that , according to the study , in Colombia there is a greater tendency to abide by the rules and a lower rate of teenage social network use .
Another conclusion reached by the researchers is that cybergossip should be addressed in the classroom . Romera explains that the current educational system should include `` learning how to interact on social networking sites . Tools that can allow for healthy , quality virtual relationships should be offered and these tools would promote the learning of new ways to interact . While the relation between cybergossiping and other kinds of risky behavior has been confirmed , the potential of cybergossiping should be considered when proposing educational ideas , and this potential should be researched further .
# # #
Romera , EM ; Herrera-Lopez , M ; Casas , JA ; Ortega-Ruiz , R ; Del Rey , R. How Much Do Adolescents Cybergossip ? Scale Development and Validation in Spain and Colombia . FRONTIERS IN PSYCHOLOGY DOI : 10.3389/fpsyg.2018.00126
“ Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway bet big on Apple Inc. stock and may have made as much as $ 1.1 billion in the first weeks of 2017 , ” Gina Hall reports for Austin Business Journal .
“ Berkshire Hathaway disclosed in a filing Tuesday that it now owns 57.36 million shares of Apple as of Dec. 31 , up from a 15.23 million-share stake as of Sept. 30 , ” Hall reports . “ Apple stock was up 2.5 percent during the fourth quarter and has since shot up 17 percent . By comparison , the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 3.8 percent this year to date . ”
Hall reports , “ Buffett 's stake in the Cupertino , California-based company was worth nearly $ 6.7 billion as of Dec. 31 , 2016 , and would be worth more than $ 7.7 billion today if Berkshire still holds the shares . ”
Read more in the full article here .
Read more articles by
BN Staff
Do n't miss any action . Sign up for the free BN newsletter ( s ) here
I 'VE just been watching The Gloves Are Off , I do n't think I need to tell you who was in it . We 're not far away now from one of the most eagerly anticipated clashes of the century ; “ A fight for the ages , ” as Johnny Nelson described it .
It was a good watch . I did wonder , as we got nearer and nearer to battle , whether relations between Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko might become a little strained . Whether the younger man might get tired of their adversary and what has seemed to me to be their deliberate attempt to write their defeat to Tyson Fury out of the record books and once again wrap themselves in the regal cloak of invincibility they wore with such style before that night in Dusseldorf 17 months ago .
Like it never happened .
But it did happen .
And , as Dr Steelhammer admitted , without that defeat 90,000 people would not be trooping through the Wembley turnstiles on April 29 and however many millions more around the world would not be planning their evening around watching two men fight .
It 's a huge deal , the kind of spectacle only boxing can provide where the eyes of the world turn to that small squared circle that has provided more drama than any other sporting arena .
Tyson Fury wo n't be there , I 'm pretty sure about that , and few will give them a second thought .
But we should , because without them it would not be happening .
As admirable and professional and statesmanlike as Klitschko was during their reign , it was not an exciting era in the glamour division of a sport once memorably described as “ show business with blood . ”
The fight crowd were crying out for someone to , if not beat the champion , then at least give them a fight , create some excitement . David Haye looked like they could be that man but came up short and it had got to the point where change only looked like it would arrive with the Ukrainian 's retirement .
“ Moribund ” was one word I read used to describe the heavyweight division . If you 're wondering ( I had an idea but had to look it up ) , it means “ at the point of death ” or “ in terminal decline . ”
But Fury revived it with a performance born not just of great skill but also bursting at the seams with self-belief . It was extraordinary and it changed everything .
Whatever your opinion of the now former heavyweight champion of the world , they did something that nobody else could do and in the process breathed life back into boxing . Life , and sport particularly , is full of ifs , buts and maybes but even in the world of fake news there are still certain things that we do know , and with regard to the current state of the heavyweight division , what we know is this : If Fury had n't done their thing in Dusseldorf then Anthony Joshua would not be the IBF heavyweight champion , AJ and Klitschko would not be meeting for the IBF and WBA titles and Tyson 's cousin Hughie would not be in New Zealand on the sixth of May to fight Joseph Parker for the WBO title .
So in the cool of the evening on April 29 , when the stage is set , the first bell sounds and the roar of the crowd fills the London skies we should all just take a moment and spare a thought for the man who made it happen . Tyson Fury .
If there is anyone who knows about art and collecting it , then it is a Executive Director of the Centre of Visual Arts and Research ( CVAR ) Dr Rita Severis , who will talk about building bridges between the past and the future during a lecture on Thursday .
The lecture , which will take place at the Bank of Cyprus Cultural Foundation , will present the role of the collector and the putting together of collections . Severis will look at the criteria which determine what a collection really is , what the responsibilities of a collector are , and the importance of collections in promoting a cultural product and cultural heritage . The lecture will make reference to the significance of evaluating , displaying as well as maintaining collections .
‘ Bridges Between the Past and the Future ' is part of the Collectors series of the Bank of Cyprus Cultural Foundation , aiming to present and promote the Cyprological Collections kept by the Foundation as they constitute one of the largest and most significant parts of the island 's cultural heritage , as well as to highlight private collections which reflect important though unknown aspects of Cypriot history and culture .
Severis studied Philosophy at University College London and also received a Diploma in Journalism from the London School of Journalism and a PhD in History of Art from the University of Bristol . They are the author of numerous publications on Cyprus history and art . They have worked as a freelance consultant on antiques and works of art , as well as a researcher , writer and lecturer . They are involved in travel writing , travel literature through the ages , and art in Cyprus especially as it relates to politics , identity and travel .
Bridges Between the Past and the Future
Lecture by Rita Severis . April 26 . Bank of Cyprus Cultural Foundation , Nicosia . 7.30pm . Tel : 22-128182
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. – Tiki Brand is distancing itself from white nationalists who used tiki torches in a protest march in Charlottesville , Virginia .
“ Tiki Brand is not associated in any way with the events that took place in Charlottesville and are deeply saddened and disappointed , ” the company said in a statement Monday . “ We do not support their message or the use of our products in this way . ”
The white nationalists marched at the University of Virginia on Friday to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee . On Saturday , white nationalists clashed with counter-protesters , and a woman was killed when a car plowed into a crowd .
Tiki Brand , which has 70 employees and is owned by Lamplight Farms Inc. of Wisconsin , said its torches are intended for positive events .
“ Our products are designed to enhance backyard gatherings and to help family and friends connect with each other at home in their yard , ” the company said .
Other companies have dismissed any association with the white nationalists in Charlottesville .
GoDaddy , which provides domain names for websites , said it was booting the Daily Stormer , a white supremacist and neo-Nazi website that posted a derogatory story about Heather Heyer , the woman killed by the car .
GoDaddy said it was worried “ this type of article could incite additional violence , which violates our terms of service . ”
And the Detroit Red Wings hockey team said it “ vehemently disagreed ” with the Charlottesville protest and objected to the “ misuse of our logo in this disturbing demonstration . ”
Related : Detroit Red Wings to Detroit Right Wings : Do n't ‘ misuse ' our logo
White supremacists who call themselves Detroit Right Wings have held signs , shields and flags bearing an altered Detroit Red Wings logo , with tire spokes resembling Nazi SS lightning bolts .
All 6 suspects are facing criminal charges after authorities recovered 890 kilos of shabu worth P3 million
MANILA , Philippines – The Department of Justice ( DOJ ) will begin its preliminary investigation into the criminal charges filed against 6 suspects involved in a major drug bust operations in San Juan City on Tuesday , January 3 .
The suspects – Chinese nationals Shi Gui Xiong alias `` Xiong , '' Che Wen De aka `` Jacky Tan , '' and Wu Li Yong alias David Go , as well as their alleged Filipino cohorts Abdullah Mahmod Jahmal , Salim Cocodao Arafat , and Basher Tawaki Jama – will be facing prosecutors at 10:30 am for violation of the Comprehensive Dangerous Drugs Act of 2002 .
The 6 suspects were arrested following several raids in houses in Mangga Street , Barangay Little Baguio and Bonifacio Street in San Juan .
Charges were filed against them before the DOJ for the manufacture and sale of illegal drugs on December 27 . Inquest proceedings were conducted before Assistant State Prosecutors Mary Jane Sytat and Ethel Rhea Suril .
The drug busts in San Juan City were part of a 4-month long operation led by the National Bureau of Investigation .
The operation , considered as the biggest so far under President Rodrigo Duterte 's term , led authorities to recover 890 kilos of shabu with a street valued pegged at around P3 million .
Assisted by their legal counsels , the suspects have all agreed to file their counter-affidavits during the prelimineray investigation . They , however , have waived their right to immediate resolution of charges for their immediate release . – Rappler.com
The Russian RGO Expo expedition members faced significant troubles while trying to reach the town of Dudinka by ice due to severe weather conditions .
The members of the Russian RGO Expo expedition have managed to reach the port of Dikson , the northernmost settlement in Russia . However , they could n't reach their next destination due to a change in weather conditions . The explorers had planned to reach Dudinka by ice using their off-roaders , but unfortunately they could n't cope with the 1meter ( 3 feet ) thick layer of snow and melting ice crust .
Публикация от Bogdan Bulychev ↟travel man↟ ( @ bogdee ) Фев 1 , 2018 at 1:45 PST
READ MORE : Norwegian Lady Skis to the South Pole in Heroic Repeat of Amundsen 's Feat ( PHOTOS )
Luckily , they managed to contact the Russian Nuclear Fleet ( Rosatomflot ) and ask for assistance . Rosatomflot did n't hesitate to send its nuclear-powered icebreaker “ Taymyr ” to their rescue . After spending the night in a tent on the ice , both expeditionists and their cars were loaded aboard the ship , traveling the rest of the way in the warmth of their private cabins .
Oddly enough they had met “ Taymyr ” back during their way to Dikson and even decided to do some drag-racing with the vessel . The explorers ' off-roaders emerged victorious , but it 's obvious that Taymyr 's crew did n't hold a grudge .
The expedition team 's crazy rendezvous with the icebreaker caused excitement on social networks :
'Incredible video showing the massive # Russia nuclear icebreaker Taymyr roaring past a group of adventurers and their Toyota trucks . The whole event looked as dangerous as it was thrilling for the off-roaders ' https : //t.co/8dCzaMhvk6 pic.twitter.com/IGB4sYz8LV — S.Hava ( @ Air_4U ) 23 января 2018 г .
About 60 members of the Royal Canadian Air Force 's 408 Tactical Helicopter Squadron , based in Edmonton , Alberta , departed for northern Iraq on Monday to relieve their comrades in arms from Quebec who 've been in Iraqi Kurdistan for the last six months .
The air crew and support units from 3rd Canadian Division Support Base will assume the duties of the Tactical Aviation Detachment of Air Task Force-Iraq as part of Operation IMPACT , the Canadian Armed Forces ' commitment to the fight against Islamic State militants in northern Iraq , officials said .
They will fly and maintain up to four CH-146 Griffon helicopters , co-located with the Canadian-led field hospital at Camp Érable , in northern Iraq .
“ The Royal Canadian Air Force is proud to be part of the Canadian Armed Forces ' contribution to the ongoing fight against Daesh , ” said in a statement Maj.-Gen. Christian Drouin , Commander 1 Canadian Air Division , referring to the Islamic State by its Arabic acronym . “ We provide air power that integrates with and supports our CAF and coalition partners . The tactical helicopter detachment is a crucial component of this commitment . ”
Two CH-146 Griffon helicopters take off from the flight line near Camp Érable , Iraq during Operation IMPACT on February 20 , 2017 . © Joint Task Force – Iraq PAO Team
The Canadian government first deployed CH-146 Griffon helicopters and personnel to Operation IMPACT in May 2016 . Currently there are four CH-146 Griffon helicopters in theatre .
Canada also has deployed to the region one CC-150 ( T ) Polaris air-to-air refuelling aircraft , and up to two CP-140 Aurora intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft , both of which are based in Kuwait .
There are about 830 Canadian military personnel based in both Iraq and Kuwait , including dozens of special forces soldiers who 've been training Kurdish peshmerga fighters involved in operations against Islamic State militants in northern Iraq .
April 5 CANTARGIA AB :
* CANTARGIA RECEIVES AN INTENTION TO GRANT NOTICE IN EUROPE FOR ITS CAN04 PRODUCT CANDIDATE
* PATENT , WHEN GRANTED , PROVIDES PROTECTION OF CAN04 IN EUROPE UNTIL 2035
* ADDITION TO EUROPE , CANTARGIA HAS SUBMITTED PATENT APPLICATIONS FOR CAN04 IN SEVERAL OTHER TERRITORIES , INCLUDING UNITED STATES , JAPAN AND CHINA
* SUBMITTED PATENT APPLICATIONS FOR CAN04 IN SEVERAL OTHER TERRITORIES , INCLUDING UNITED STATES , JAPAN AND CHINA Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh revealed on Thursday that they plan to sue President Donald Trump over the recently passed Tax Cuts and Jobs Act .
Frosh plans to join officials from New York , New Jersey , and Connecticut to sue the federal government over the tax bill 's reduction on the state and local tax deduction ( SALT ) . The state officials believe that the cap on the SALT deduction is unconstitutional .
Frosh , a Democrat , said in a press release , “ By eliminating the SALT deductions , Trump 's tax bill will jack up taxes for more than half a million Marylanders , ” Frosh , a Democrat , said in a news release . “ It is an attack on state sovereignty and an attempt to cripple our ability to educate our kids , protect the Chesapeake Bay , and build the infrastructure that Maryland needs to be competitive in the world economy . ”
Analysts believe that the legal challenge to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will likely fail , pundits argue that the federal government has broad authority taxes on income .
Meanwhile , the economy continues to expand under President Trump .
The economy added 200,000 jobs in January ; economists expected the economy to grow by 180,000 last month . The unemployment remains at 4.1 percent according to the Labor Department . Average hourly wages jumped by 2.9 percent when compared to last January ; this amounts to the largest increase since 2009 .
UPS , Cigna , Hostess , and Lowe 's announced on Thursday that they will give their workers bonuses , increase investment , and give their workers free snacks due to tax reform .
Hostess Brands , the maker of Twinkies , announced that they will offer their employees a sweet deal : employee bonuses and free Hostess snacks for one year .
Hostess will give more than 1,000 employees a bonus of $ 1,250 , which includes $ 750 in cash and a $ 500 contribution to their 401 ( k ) . The food giant will give their employees a multipack “ product of the week ” for free ; local Hostess bakeries will choose which snacks to provide their employees each week .
C. Dean Metropoulos , the Hostess Brands executive chairperson , said in a letter to employees :
The recent tax reform changes have given us the opportunity to review our benefit and compensation structure with an eye toward further investing in our workforce — our extraordinary team of employees who have and continue to help make Hostess so successful . As we have done in the past , the company 's management and board take great pleasure in sharing the company 's success with our employees .
UPS Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Abney said in a statement , “ This $ 12 billion investment program is an outgrowth of the opportunity for tax savings created by the Tax and Jobs Act , ” said David Abney , UPS chairperson and chief executive . “ We will increase network investments and accelerate pension funding to strengthen the company for the long term , so that we maximize the benefit to our global customers , employees and shareowners . ”
BRUSSELS ( Sputnik ) — Access to the international airport in the Belgian capital of Brussels was blocked early on Thursday after a fire .
Brussels Airport encountered this morning a power outage . Systems are running again . — Brussels Airport ( @ BrusselsAirport ) 15 июня 2017 г .
`` The Brussels Airport was entirely blocked on Thursday starting at 5 a.m. '' the RTL broadcaster said . `` A fire , a blackout and an ensuing computer failure have paralyzed the national airport . ''
Stroompanne op luchthaven van Zaventem , reizigers gestrand , geen vluchten # vrtnieuws pic.twitter.com/Ef55CVmHCi — inge van meensel ( @ ingevanmeensel ) 15 июня 2017 г .
RTL cited eyewitnesses who said all flights from the airport had been grounded , and passengers were waiting outside , unable to enter the terminal .
The suspects supposedly used a photo editing software to put King Norodom Sihamoni in a gay porn scene
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia – Cambodian police on Monday , January 2 , said they planned to arrest 3 suspects , including one believed to be in Thailand , for being behind an offensive photoshopped image of the country 's king that placed them in a gay porn scene .
The image , which appeared on some Facebook accounts in both Cambodia and Thailand this week , is a rare public insult aimed at King Norodom Sihamoni , a monarch who is largely respected and deemed above the country 's political fray .
In contrast to neighboring Thailand , which outlaws any criticism of its monarchy often handing down decades-long sentences , Sihamoni is not shielded by a specific lese majeste law
The country 's constitution , however . describes them as `` inviolable . ''
General Khieu Sopheak , spokesperson for the Cambodian Ministry of Interior , confirmed an investigation had been launched .
`` We have got orders to arrest them , '' they told AFP . `` If we do n't take action against them , more people might follow their act . ''
They declined to specify which law the 3 suspects might have broken , but said : `` The king represents the whole nation and they are insulting the king , which is like they are insulting the whole nation . ''
Two suspects were believed to be in Cambodia , with the 3rd thought to be in Thailand . They added that authorities would consider asking for help from Bangkok .
Sihamoni ascended the throne in 2004 following the abdication of their father King Norodom Sihanouk .
Observers said they have ruled quietly as a constitutional monarch , fulfilling a symbolic role as head of state and , unlike their father , staying away from domestic politics .
Sihamoni speaks French , Czech and English after spending much of their adult life abroad pursuing a career in the arts – including establishing their own ballet company – before taking the throne .
They are unmarried and has no children . – Rappler.com
The California State Senate today approved net neutrality rules that are even stricter than the federal regulations they 're meant to replace .
The California bill would replicate the US-wide bans on blocking , throttling , and paid prioritization that were implemented by the FCC in 2015 , and it would go beyond the FCC rules with a ban on paid data-cap exemptions . California is one of several states trying to impose state-level net neutrality rules because the FCC 's Republican leadership decided to eliminate the federal rules effective June 11 .
The California Senate passed the bill by a vote of 23-12 . To become law in California , the bill also needs approval from the Democratic-majority State Assembly and Governor Jerry Brown , also a Democrat .
AT & T and a cable lobby group spoke out against the bill at committee hearing last month , with AT & T complaining that the bill `` goes well beyond '' the FCC rules . But the Democratic-majority Senate was not deterred by broadband-industry arguments .
`` When Donald Trump 's FCC took a wrecking ball to the Obama-era net neutrality protections , we said we would step in to make sure that California residents would be protected from having their Internet access manipulated , '' bill sponsor Scott Wiener ( D-San Francisco ) said in an announcement after the vote . `` I want to thank the enormous grassroots coalition that is fighting tooth and nail to help pass [ this bill ] and protect a free and open Internet . We have a lot more work to get this bill through the Assembly , but this is a major win in our fight to reinstate net neutrality in California . ''
The Senate just passed my bill protecting # NetNeutrality in California , # SB822 . I 'm deeply appreciative for my colleagues ' support of this effort to protect the internet . If our federal govt wo n't protect a free & open internet , the States must step in . Now on to the Assembly ... — Scott Wiener ( @ Scott_Wiener ) May 30 , 2018
California 's Senate passed a different net neutrality bill in January , but it did n't go through the Assembly . Wiener 's legislation `` is the first state-level bill that would comprehensively secure all of the net neutrality protections that Americans currently enjoy , '' according to Stanford law professor Barbara van Schewick .
Neutral access to the Internet
The bill 's core principle is that ISPs should `` provide neutral access to the Internet '' instead of `` pick [ ing ] winners and losers by deciding ( based on financial payments or otherwise ) which websites or applications will be easy or hard to access , which will have fast or slow access , and which will be blocked entirely , '' Wiener 's announcement said .
Besides the core rules against blocking , throttling , and paid prioritization , Wiener 's bill `` prohibits misleading marketing practices and enacts strong disclosure requirements to better inform consumers , '' their announcement said .
Wiener 's bill had support from three former FCC commissioners including former Chairman Tom Wheeler ; dozens of small businesses ; labor unions ; public interest groups such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation ; State Attorney General Xavier Becerra ; and the mayors of Los Angeles , San Francisco , Oakland , San Jose , Sacramento , and other cities .
A similar bill is being considered in the New York legislature .
A big concern among net neutrality supporters is whether the broadband industry will be able to block state net neutrality rules in the court system . ISPs will argue that states are preempted by the FCC decision to eliminate nationwide net neutrality rules . But the FCC 's decision to restrict its own authority over broadband might give states the ability to impose regulations protecting their residents .
click to enlarge Dr. James Gholson leads Craig Brewer 's `` Our Conductor - Artists Only Remix ''
Let 's do this.What goes with disco better than lasers ? Nothing.Rising Fyre Productions gives Susan Mayfield and Ivy Miller 's gross out punk the no holds barred video they deserve . Not safe for work . Or life.When the Memphis Grizzlies hired Craig Brewer to make a promotional video to help persuade Mike Connelly to stay , they gathered an A team of Memphis talent , including producers Morgan Jon Fox and Erin Freeman , cinematographer Ryan Earl Parker , assistant director Sarah Fleming , Brandon Bell , and Firefly Grip and Electric . Prolific composer Jonathan Kirkscey was tapped to write an inspiring score , which would be performed by musicians from the Stax Music Academy and members of local orchestras , and the Grizzline drummers . Dancers from Collage Dance Collective , joined jookers from the Grit N ' Grind Squad.After a shoot at the FedEx Forum , Editor Edward Valibus cut together a b-roll bed for the interviews to be laid on top of . Their rough cut turned out to be one of the best music videos of the year.This unexpectedly poignant Black Sabbath cover was the second music video Villines and Fleming collaborated on this year , after the stark `` Free '' . Where that one was simple , this one goes big.There 's no secret to making a great music video . Just take a great song , a great dancer , a great location , and some crackerjack editing . Boom . All the elements came together brilliantly for Sweazy 's second entry in the countdown.Shannon used the WREC building as the main setting in their short film `` Broke Dick Dog '' , and they return with a cadre of dancers and a stone cold banger from Pavé . Go get that cake .
Marco Pavé `` Cake '' Music Video from VIA on Vimeo .
This three minute epic keeps switching gears as it accelerates to a Jurassic punchline . It 's sense of chaotic fun took the prize at the revived Indie Memphis music video category.It was Yo Gotti 's year . The Memphis MC racked up a staggering 101 million views with this video , which features cameos from Cee-Lo Green , Machine Gun Kelley , YG , and DJ Khalid . The video must have worked , because the song peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100.Two things brought `` Until We 're All Free '' to the top of the list . First , it 's a perfect example of synergy between music and image , where both elements elevate each other . Second is the subtle narrative arc ; Amurica photobooth owner Jamie Harmon selling false freedom seems suddenly prophetic in 2016 . The social justice anthem struck a chord with viewers when it ran with the trailers at some Malco theaters this spring . The parade of cute kids helped , too.Matthews is a multi-tasker , combining visual art with hip hop in their live performances and controlling their videos . Their two videos from their album Alero feature their beaten up domestic sedan as a character . Its the total artistic unity that puts `` Harbor Hall '' at the pinnacle of 2016 videos . Because my rules limited each musical artist to one video , Matthews ' 11-minute collaboration with filmmaker Kevin Brooks `` It 's Your World '' does n't appear on the list . I chose `` Harbor Hall '' because of its concision , but `` It 's Your World '' would have probably topped the list , too.Here it is , Memphis , your Best Music Video of 2016 : Keep those videos coming , artists and filmmakers ! Tip me off about your upcoming music video with an email to cmccoy @ memphisflyer.com .
Israeli Minister for Jerusalem Affairs Zeev Elkin has discussed in an interview with Sputnik the opening of the new US embassy in Jerusalem in wake of US President Trump 's decision to recognize the ancient city as Israel 's capital and the issue of Israel 's withdrawal from UNESCO .
JERUSALEM ( Sputnik ) , Svetlana Alexandrova – US President Donald Trump has no plans to participate in the opening ceremony for the new embassy in Jerusalem , scheduled for May 14 , but they may visit Israel in the summer , Israeli Minister for Jerusalem Affairs Zeev Elkin told Sputnik in an interview , without providing any information on a date or agenda for the possible visit .
`` The US president is not planning to visit the opening ceremony . They visited Israel a year ago . It is not ruled out that Trump may come [ to Israel ] this summer , but they have no plans to attend this ceremony . With regard to the [ possible visit in ] summer , I will not provide further details right now , '' Elkin said .
Elkin went on to say that the US Embassy intends to organize a symbolic opening ceremony on May 14 , which will be attended by high-profile US officials .
`` A big event is being planned , with the United States represented at a serious [ high ] level . According to my information , the US Treasury Secretary will come to Israel , so will [ senior ] presidential adviser Kushner . Naturally , Israeli officials will also take part in the ceremony . For us , it is a very big event . ''
© AP Photo / Lefteris Pitarakis Palestinian Movement Threatens Israel With New Intifada Over US Embassy Relocation
The minister also touched upon the issue of other states relocating their embassies to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv . The minister said the Czech Republic could be the next country to move its embassy , adding that the two countries are engaged in `` serious '' talks . They added that Israel is following the political row between the Romanian president and government over the relocation of the country 's embassy in Israel , but is not planning to interfere in the matter .
Speaking about security concerns in connection to the embassy 's removal , Elkin said the US embassy will unlikely need additional protection and will keep the same level of security as was maintained in Tel Aviv .
At the same time , Elkin said that Israeli security forces believe that Hamas may use the US embassy move as an excuse to create chaos and launch attacks against Israel .
`` It is planning to break the border between the Gaza Strip and Israel in a staged protest , but in fact , this will be clearly an attempt to attack Israel in order to create major unrest , which would lead to casualties among the Palestinian population and attract the attention of the world community , '' Elkin said .
Elkin said that Israel was expecting some unrest in both the Judea and Samaria to be initiated by the Palestinian autonomy , adding that the country had a lot of experience in dealing with such situations and the Israeli security forces were preparing for that .
In December , US President Donald Trump announced their decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital and instructed the US State Department to launch the process of moving the US embassy from Tel Aviv , to Jerusalem .
Withdrawal From UNESCO Will Not Affect Israel Financially
Israel 's withdrawal from UNESCO will not affect the country 's activities aimed at preserving World Heritage Sites on its territory , since each country is financially responsible for maintaining its own sites , Zeev Elkin said , stressing that UNESCO had barely given financial support for preservation efforts in the past .
`` Israel 's decision [ to withdraw from UNESCO ] does n't bother me . We 've been taking care of the UNESCO Heritage Sites and will continue doing so … We received almost nothing from UNESCO , so we will not be affected financially , '' Elkin said .
The minister also stated that ever since Palestine became a UNESCO member in 2011 , the organization was used to making political decisions , including those that did not correspond to the historical truth .
`` For example , the decision that the Temple Mount in Jerusalem and the city center itself is only a Muslim place of worship and has nothing to do with Jewish history . Such decisions , overlooking the millenniums of Jewish history in Jerusalem , are absurd and unacceptable for an organization whose mission is to develop and protect heritage sites and defend the historical truth . We do not want to participate in this kind of farce , '' Elkin added .
In December 2017 , Israel announced its decision to withdraw from the UNESCO after the United States said it would do the same several months prior . Israel had been reprimanding the organization in recent years over UNESCO 's criticism of Israel 's occupation of East Jerusalem and granting full membership to Palestine in 2011 .
© AFP 2018 / MIGUEL MEDINA Israeli Lawmaker Hopes UNESCO to Abandon Anti-Israeli Stance
For decades , Israel has been in conflict with the Palestinians , who have been seeking diplomatic recognition for their independent state on the territories of the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , which are partially occupied by Israel , and the Gaza Strip .
READ MORE : US Withdrawal From UNESCO Continues 'Disgraceful Behavior ' Toward World Body
The Israeli government refuses to recognize Palestine as an independent political and diplomatic entity , and continues to build settlements in the occupied areas , despite objections from the United Nations .
CTV Atlantic
It 's been a year since Glace Bay 's only arena closed due to mould and structural concerns , and now the windows have been boarded up after being smashed by vandals .
As community members await the promised reopening of the Bayplex , residents like Nick Bonnar say the vandalism only adds insult to injury .
“ I find it really hard to be around the Bayplex and look at the damage that 's been done outside , ” says the hockey coach . “ Nothing inside has been done bad – guys are fixing it up – but that 's a tough slide . ”
Bonnar is among those who feel the vandalism might not have happened had remediation work on the arena started earlier and security been kept on site .
Coun . Darren Bruckschwaiger says the repairs are expected to begin in the next two or three months and that a tender will be issued soon .
“ It 's in the final stages , ” says Bruckschwaiger . “ I spoke to Minister [ Geoff ] MacLellan . They said within two weeks everything is ready to roll . So we should be making the tender announcement shortly after that . ”
Bruckschwaiger admits that , in order to avoid further damage to the Bayplex , the sooner the remediation work begins , the better .
“ Absolutely , we 're always worried about vandalism , vacant properties . That 's one of our biggest concerns , ” they say . “ And anything vacant , it 's usually a target to vandals . ”
Bonnar says they have been reassured Glace Bay will have its rink back one day , but they say others in the community are doubtful .
“ They 're all complaining about the building . My theory is this – help it work , make it work , put some pressure on people , ” they say .
The Cape Breton Regional Municipality says it is stil aiming to reopen the Bayplex in September , 2019 .
With files from CTV Atlantic 's Ryan MacDonald
How do gregarious songbirds such as zebra finches , where both males and females live in close proximity and where females may be attracted by the songs of many potential suitors , sustain monogamy ? A new study appearing in eLife sheds light on how males have evolved a high tolerance to birdsong while females have evolved a high selectivity to these songs .
The article , titled `` Sexual dimorphism in striatal dopaminergic responses promotes monogamy in social songbirds '' is a collaboration of researchers from three City University of New York ( CUNY ) institutions -- Hunter College , the Graduate from Center , and City College -- as well as Weill Cornell Medicine and Houston Methodist Research Institute . Much of the data collection took place at Hunter 's Laboratory of Vocal Learning whose principle investigator , Ofer Tchernichovski , is a senior author on the study . Kirill Tokarev , a post-doctoral associate in the laboratory , is first author , and PhD students Julia Hyland Bruno and Iva Ljubiči ? are second and third authors , respectively .
Birdsong is typically thought to attract females and repel rival males in territorial species . Zebra finches , however , are among the songbird species in which numerous males and females live in close proximity but maintain monogamous relationships . To help solve the paradox of aggregation and pair bonding , the researchers examined the striatum , a brain area that regulates both social and sexual behaviors and that encodes reward signals via a molecule called dopamine . Dopamine in the striatum modulates singing behavior , but its role in the reinforcement function of the song had been largely unknown .
The researchers found that hearing songs induced dopamine in the striatum of zebra finch males . Surprisingly , the striatum of unmated females was insensitive to songs . In addition , unmated males but not females persistently exchanged mild punishments -- in the form of puffs of air -- in return for hearing songs . Unlike their single counterparts , mated females also showed song reinforcement , but exclusively to the song of their mate . These findings suggest that song may serve as a generic social stimulus for male zebra finches , while females respond very selectively to their mate . Such sex-specific responses to the same socially relevant stimuli can explain how gregarious animals are able to maintain monogamous pair bonds .
This study is an early step in understanding how neural reward systems are tuned to regulate social interactions . Knowledge of these mechanisms in songbird species with different social and mating systems may in turn elucidate social and sexual pathologies in humans .
# # #
The City University of New York is the nation 's leading urban public university . Founded in New York City in 1847 , the University comprises 24 institutions : 11 senior colleges , seven community colleges , and additional professional schools . The University serves nearly 275,000 degree-credit students and 218,083 adult , continuing and professional education students .
Joanne Lavelle from Micheal Lavelle Estate Agents has been crowned Louth Businesswoman of the Year , in the Small to Medium Enterprises category at the Regional Network Ireland 2018 Awards .
Joanne , who is a Property Advisor , Negotiator & Mediator at Micheal Lavelle Estate Agents in Dundalk faced some stiff competition as the awards were handed out at a Gala event in the Westcourt Hotel in Drogheda last night .
Jenny Matthews from Jenny Matthews Photography and Áine Nic an Ríogh , who runs The Drawing Room , were the other finalists in the SME category .
Ms Lavelle , who will now go through to the nationwide finals which will be held in Galway in September , told The Dundalk Democrat : `` I 'm absolutely delighted to receive this award . It 's a fantastic endorsement of the work that we do . I 'm very excited about the finals in September , although becoming Louth SME Businesswoman of the year is already a huge honour . ''
Dundalk business person Finola Fegan who runs Finca Skincare Organics was a finalist in the Emerging New Business Category .
As someone who works in beauty , I come across new natural , organic and healthy beauty brands on a daily basis . Consumers are starting to care so much more about the ingredients they put on their skin ( just like we care about the food we put in our bodies ! ) than they have before . And major retailers have been catching on .
Earlier this year , Bluemercury announced it would be added even more green beauty products to its lineup ( which already featured good-for-you brands like Juice Beauty and REN Skincare ) ; Target added a transparent ingredient policy to encourage more green beauty ; and Nordstrom launched its “ Natural Outposts ” section online and in stores . And now , Walmart is joining the conversation with a pledge to require more transparency from its vendors .
Just this week , the brand released a statement announcing that starting in 2018 , all brands in the beauty aisles will be expected to list the ingredients of their products on labels and online as an effort to increase transparency for customers . In addition , Walmart also plans to roll out an even larger sustainable product selection going forward .
Looking for more style content ? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts , can't-live-without beauty products and more .
“ We know our customers are interested in what goes into products and how they are made . It 's important for them , and we are advocating for them by encouraging innovation and transparency into that process , ” Zach Freeze , senior director of strategic initiatives for sustainability at Walmart said in a statement .
RELATED PHOTOS : 20 Face Oils That Will Change Your Life ( or At Least Your Beauty Routine )
Excited about the news but do n't want to wait that long to buy more natural or environmentally-friendly beauty options at your local Walmart ? Check out some great natural products that the store already stocks , including the just-launched green brand Found , to shop now !
Buy It ! Tom 's Of Maine Natural Beauty Creamy Coconut With Virgin Coconut Oil , $ 7.73 ; walmart.com
Buy It ! Found Instant Glow Highlighting Palette with Pomegranate , $ 11.88 ; walmart.com
Buy It ! Physicians Formula Organic Wear 100 % Natural Origin Work it ! Full ! Flared ! Fit ! Mascara , $ 6.74 ; walmart.com
Buy It ! Burt 's Bees Skin Nourishment Gentle Foaming Cleanser , $ 9.47 ; walmart.com
Are you excited to see Walmart expanding more in natural beauty ? Sounds off in the comments below .
ANKARA Turkey expects better cooperation with the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump on Syria and it is vital to give fresh impetus to U.S.-Turkish relations , Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Thursday .
Speaking at a joint news conference after meeting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Ankara , Cavusoglu also said the U.S. government accepts that there is no difference between the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia and the PKK militant group , which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state .
Turkey has been frustrated by U.S. support for the YPG in the fight against Islamic State in northern Syria .
( Reporting by Ece Toksabay ; Writing by Daren Butler and Humeyra Pamuk ; Editing by Nick Tattersall )
× Brave 12-year-old wakes up to find burglar in their room , grabs kitchen knife and scares them off
LAKE WALES , Fla. — Paris Hall , 12 , says they were terrified to wake up Monday morning to find a burglar in their room . But , they will also tell you they remained calm , cool , and collected .
Them grandparents think their calm demeanor helped keep them safe . Paris thinks so too .
“ I feel like if I would 've got scared , they would 've got scared , ” Hall told ABC Action News reporter Michael Paluska .
Hall was home alone and said they heard their light switch turn on around 9 a.m. Monday morning . At first , they thought a family member was in their room . Then they saw a man they did n't recognize .
“ I had rolled over and I have seen some stranger looking behind my TV so I was kind of confused and said ‘ excuse me what are you doing ? ' I had an old phone that does n't work , it was sitting on my dresser . So , I guess , they looked at that and made up an excuse ; ‘ Oh my uncle told me to come get my phone ' and in my mind , I was thinking OK . I guess my granddad must be their uncle . ”
They still told the man to leave . When they went out the back door they were even more confused . Then they saw the kitchen window was shattered .
“ I put two and two together and figured my granddad was n't their uncle , ” Paris said . “ I was very scared at that point I did n't know what to do . ”
They called for help . Them granddad told them to run to a neighbors house and call 911 . When they ran out the front door the man was waiting for them
“ He was standing in the front yard and they asked me ‘ what time do your parents get back home ? ' I was really calm about it because I did n't want to trigger them or alarm him . They said ‘ do you want to come outside and chill with me for a little while ? ' Then I went in the house and got a knife and then I told them to leave . I went over to the neighbor 's house I was scared I was crying my heart was beating . ”
Paris is scared to be in the house alone or sleep by herself . They hope someone will recognize the man and call police .
The federal government is in the final stagesof enacting legislation that will require all businesses in Canada to report any cybersecurity breach as soon as they become aware of it .
It 's a step meant to close what critics say has been a major gap in this country 's protection of personal and financial data .
The new laws were passed as part of the Digital Privacy Act in 2015 , but have not yet come into effect due to the need for “ related regulations outlining specific requirements . ”
Industry stakeholders had also asked government for a “ transition period ” allowing them to better prepare their computer systems and internal policies to report hacking attempts and issues pertaining to computer viruses on their networks .
That pause is about to expire , according to Innovation , Science and Economic Development Canada , which wrapped up a series of public consultations in the fall .
A spokesperson said a summary of those consultations was posted to the federal department 's website in October . Draft regulations , outlining exactly when and how business must report data breaches , are expected to appear in the Canada Gazette , the official publication of the federal government , in the coming weeks . Those draft regulations will be opened for another round of public consultations before they are forwarded to Parliament for approval .
In much of Europe , and an increasing number of U.S. states , any breaches of personal data or financial information at a private corporation must be immediately reported to authorities .
Outside of Alberta , which enacted its own legislation requiring the reporting of a hack or other breach of data , Canada has not had such strict reporting laws .
Until now , it was up to a company to decide whether to go public if it was hacked , allowing a vast majority of cyber intrusions to go unnoticed .
It 's beenan issue the federal Office of the Privacy Commissioner has been warning about for years .
In 2007 , apparel and home goods company TJX was forced to admit that its systems had been hacked . The admission followed mounting pressure from financial institutions that had been forced to deal with an increasein fraudulent charges to their customers ' accounts . While TJX announced the news in 2007 , the company was later revealed the breach had actually started in 2005 and that it involved more than 100 million credit card numbers , double what it initially stated .
Under the new legislation , companies will be forced to immediately report the system breach , what information was lost and how the attacker gained access . The information would have to be reported to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada , who will decide whether it needs to be released publicly . At the very least , the information collected by the commissioner 's office could be used to alert other businesses to the hackers ' tactics . It could be forwarded to financial institutions to minimize fraudulent charges or identity theft , for instance . The privacy commissioner 's office could also order the business to notify individuals who may be affected by the breach .
Companies will also need to maintain a record of all breaches involving personal information and provide a copy of those record to the privacy commissioner 's office upon request . Organizations that fail to report data breaches to the privacy commissioner 's office or keep records of prior incursions could face fines of as much as $ 100,000 .
“ Think of it like the federal government enforcing cyber hygiene on businesses in Canada , ” saidDavid Masson , country manager for Canada at cyber-security firm Darktrace . “ What this does are change the way businesses actually do security issues.They are going to have to do it now . They 're going to have adequate safeguards in place … and actually use the tools they 've got and know what 's going on in their networks . ”
The requirements from government come asCanadian businesses are reeling from an onslaught of new attacks from hackers . A newly released study from cloud security company Scalar Decisions Inc. found the average number of cyberattacks against small and medium-sized business in Canada has risen 44 per cent since the company began tracking data in 2014 . The report surveyed more than 650 information technology workers at small and medium-sized businesses across the country . Those businesses spent a total of $ 7.2 million in 2016 to recover from data breaches .
Of those affected by ransomware , an increasingly popular attack by hackers that locks a company 's computers until a ransom has been paid to the attacker , only 21 per cent reported the incident to authorities , according to Scalar .
“ Organizations need trained personnel who understand how to react when faced with threats , ” saidRyan Wilson , chief technology officer at Scalar in a statement . “ The increase in incidents and decreasing confidence we are seeing coincides with the growing sophistication , severity and cost of attacks . ”
Darktrace 's Masson agreed , saying that while large companies may have the talent and resources to respond to a attack on their computer networks , small and medium-sized firms may not . However , the new requirements will still mean those small and medium-sized businesses must report a data breach to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner or face a possible fine .
“ The big guys know what to do and have the resources and security teams to do it with , ” said Masson . “ Small and medium enterprises do n't have that . ”
Monique Moreau , vice-president of national affairs for the Canadian Federation of Independent Business , said a vast majority of businesses in Canada have no idea that these regulations are coming . They said they would like to see leniency from the federal government , particularly when it comes to small business owners , for first-time offences .
“ Government has a role to play here . What we 're always emphasizing is education before enforcement.For a vast majority of business owners , the first time they will hear about this is when this happens to them , ” said Moreau . “ Do they know ( about the reporting requirement ) ? Probably not . Are they prepared at this point ? Probably , also , not . ”
The CFIB , which represents 109,000 small and medium-sized businesses across the country , said it will be notifying its membership about the upcoming regulations as more specifics regarding the legislation are posted in the Canada Gazette . Moreau said the organization has 200 country managers who regularly liaise with members about various business issues and that this will become one of the new issues they will be highlighting .
vpilieci @ postmedia.com
Today
Stigler at Poteau , 1 p.m .
Heavener and Morris at Spiro , 1 p.m. ( Heavener vs. Spiro , 1 p.m. ; Heavener vs. Morris , 3 p.m. ; Morris vs. Spiro , 5 p.m . )
Gore at Pocola , 1 p.m .
Cameron at Panola , DH , 4 p.m .
Howe and Waldron , Ark. , at Mansfield , Ark. , 11:30 a.m. ( Howe vs. Mansfield , Ark. , 11:30 a.m. ; Howe vs. Waldron , Ark. , 2 p.m . )
Panama vs. Valliant , at Southeast Shootout in Broken Bow , 4:45 p.m .
Red Oak at Roff , TBA .
Talihina at Antlers , 4:30 p.m .
Tuesday
Poteau at Stigler , 1 p.m .
Pocola at Talihina , 4 p.m .
Spiro at Wister , 5 p.m .
Bokoshe and Kinta at Braggs , 4 p.m. ( Bokoshe vs. Kinta , 5:15 p.m. ; Bokoshe vs. Braggs , 6:30 p.m . )
Cameron at Sallisaw-Central , 11 a.m .
Heavener and Antlers at Clayton , 4 p.m. ( Heavener vs. Clayton , 4 p.m. ; Heavener vs. Antlers , 5:30 p.m . )
Panama at Southeast Shootout in Broken Bow : vs. Kingston , 12:15 p.m. ; vs. Marlow , 2:30 p.m .
Red Oak at Roff , TBA .
Whitesboro at Tupelo Wood Bat Festival : vs. Rattan , 12:30 p.m. ; vs. Tupelo , 2:30 p.m .
Wednesday
Stigler at Spiro , 1 p.m .
Panama vs. TBA , at Southeast Shootout in Broken Bow , TBA .
Thursday
Bokoshe and Cameron at Battiest Tournament , TBA .
Howe at Preston Festival ; vs. Porum , 9 a.m. ; vs. Oklahoma Union , 1 p.m .
Leflore vs. Kansas , at Ketchum Hardball Festival , noon .
Pocola at Roland , 1 p.m .
Smithville , Whitesboro and Wister at Union City Festival : At Union City — Smithville vs. Ninnekah , 12:15 p.m. ; Smithville vs. vs. Tipton , 4:45 p.m. At El Reno — Wister vs. Woodward , 12:15 p.m. ; Wister vs. Altus Navajo , 2:30 p.m. At Calumet — Whitesboro vs. Garber , 2:30 p.m. Whitesboro vs. Calumet , 7 p.m .
Friday
Poteau at Harrah , 11 a.m .
Arkoma at Pocola , 4 p.m .
Bokoshe and Cameron at Battiest Tournament , TBA .
Buffalo Valley and Howe at Preston Festival ; vs. Barnsdall , 11 a.m. ; vs. Kellyville , 1 p.m. ; Buffalo Valley vs. TBA , TBA .
Leflore vs. TBA , at Ketchum Hardball Festival , TBA .
Smithville , Whitesboro and Wister at Union City Festival : At Calumet — Smithville vs. Garber , 10 a.m. ; At Union City — Whitesboro vs. Canute , 12:15 p.m. ; Wister vs. Canute , 2:30 p.m. ; Whitesboro vs. Newkirk , 4:45 p.m .
Saturday
Poteau vs. Chickasha , at Harrah , 11 a.m .
Bokoshe and Cameron at Battiest Tournament , TBA .
Sport Fresh-faced OUCC Blues chase Varsity success By
The first of the cricket Varsity triad takes place on Friday , at Fenners in Cambridge . Here , Calum Flintoff previews the fixtures .
Last year , Oxford completed their first clean sweep of the Varsity cricket matches . Ruthless in the Twenty20 ; controlling at Lords ; unrelenting throughout the 4-days at The Parks ; this was a unique dominance – hallmarked by adaptability . And yet , remarkably , this year feels more unpredictable than ever .
It is not the first time that the feat has been achieved . In 2011 , Cambridge triumphed across all three formats . Indeed , they overpowered the dark Blues . But this was a Cambridge outfit bolstered by the arrival of the raw talents of Paul Best and Zafar Ansari , adding unrivalled skill to a side already boasting eight returning Blues . Last year , there was no obvious chasm between the sides . No defeat was crushing . The 4-day fixture was won in the dying embers ; the 142nd over of a gruelling , resilient rear-guard . This was a Varsity like no other , a performance like no other .
Since the inauguration of a twenty20 contest in 2008 , the three fixtures have typically been played in all encompassing , intensive three-week period . The result has been a shift in focus . Versatility is now at a premium . Both sides have flirted with the winning formula , but in its short history , neither can lay claim to have patented it .
Cambridge won 4 of the first 5 Lords matches played on the back of the new-fangled twenty20 fixture , but their dominance was not reflected elsewhere . Incredibly , Oxford responded in kind , and now chase the chalice of a 5th consecutive 50 over victory . There have been triumphs , yes . Dynasties ? No . Since 2008 , no team has retained either the 4-day or twenty20 crowns . Both stand at 3 victories apiece . Now in its 10th year , the introduction of the shortest format to the series has created the ultimate test for Blues cricket .
For Oxford then , this season represents an unprecedented opportunity for confirmation . There have been whitewashes at home , but never away . A double treble would be unheard of ; yet it is a very real possibility .
By a quirk of the league structure , Oxford ( Southern Division A ) and Cambridge ( Midlands Division 4A ) compete in separate BUCS divisions throughout the early parts of the season . While Oxford plies their trade nearer to the French shores than to East Anglia , the light blues are pitted against Nottingham , and Leicester , further North . Comparison between the two sides is achieved only through dilute form lines , and rooted in tradition , mid-term examination breaks further cloud the picture . A Varsity campaign is a strange beast , and the end of season trio of contests is undoubtedly the defining arbiter for success .
As the Cambridge fixtures appear on the horizon , Oxford 's form in the competition has exploded . After losing their first two matches , southern comforts against Bournemouth and Portsmouth , either side of an emphatic defeat of Cardiff at The Parks , have fired ambitions for the weeks to come .
In very recent times , at Fenners , Cambridge have been notoriously good , and they will no doubt be chasing victory again . Since 1998 , Cambridge have only been victorious on three occasions in the 4-day fixture ( Oxford have triumphed eight times in the same period ) . All three have been at Fenners , and all three have come in Oxford 's past four visits to the other place ( 2009 , 2011 , 2015 ) . This season the side are again unbeaten at Fenners .
The anomaly is Oxford 's visit in 2013 , when the dark Blues triumphed against type . Typically , it has taken an astounding piece of individualism to leave Fenners with something . This time , Sam Agarwal hit the first ever triple century in the University Match – a staggering 313 * ( 312 ) . It was Oxford 's first away success since 2005 , when , that time , Salil Oberoi had plundered the previous high score , a masterful 247 . In fact , in Varsity history , three of the highest four individual scores have been hit by Oxford batsmen playing in away fixtures at Fenners . All three have been in the first innings ; all three have set up innings defeats ; and all three have been since the turn of the millennium . The third ? A 236 * hit by future England international Jamie Dalrymple in 2003 . Fenners is a venue entrenched in rich history .
A man who witnessed Sam Agarwal 's innings live himself , and knows what it takes to win at Fenners , is Johnny Marsden . Twice ( in 2013 and 2016 ) they have taken the clinching wicket in the 4-day fixture , but Marsden has tasted defeat , too . A 4-time Blue , and one of the lowly 5 returning Blues from Oxford 's triumph , Marsden will be a key man across the three formats . They have taken 19 wickets at a miserly 18.79 apiece vs Cambridge in the longest format , and at 16.14 with an economy of 3.90 at Lords , but crucially , only 5 of those ( at 32.6 ) have come at Fenners , where this year they will spearhead the Oxford pace battery .
Another of the returning Blues around which this new-look Oxford side has been built is Matty Hughes , and this season the captaincy has passed from Marsden to Hughes . In consecutive years Hughes has scored first-class centuries in the 4-day game ( 116 on both occasions ) , and last year they produced a sensational man-of-the match performance , scoring 75 * ( 58 ) to effectively take the twenty20 game away from Cambridge .
Hughes , and opening batsman Dan Escott form the power-axis of the Oxford side , and have been key in the side translating their Lords dominance into success across the formats . In last year 's 4-day fixture , Escott scored 125 and claimed 6-71 , a remarkable feat enlisting them into a cadre of elite performers to have scored a century , and taken a five-for on first-class debut . This week alone , they boast 75 , 4-44 against Cardiff Metropolitan and 76 , 3-3 against Portsmouth University , both in 50 over games .
Retaining any of their crowns with just 5 of the side remaining would be a prestigious achievement , and offers yet more insight into the difficulty of stringing together a series of Varsity results . Indeed , Cambridge this year has the edge in terms of experience – 23 first-class appearances to Oxford 's 13 – and continuity , with 6 returning Blues aiming to avenge their defeats , plus the returning four-time Blue ( 2012-2015 ) Nipuna Senaratne . Senaratne started the season with the MCCU , and in defeat to Lancashire provided stout resistance ; their 31 ( 110 ) before being bowled by Jimmy Anderson the sole double-figure score registered in the innings . In particular , Senaratne facing Johnny Marsden is likely to be one of the key battles in the series . In FC cricket , they are yet to be dismissed by Marsden , scoring at a strike-rate of 29.76 ( 84 balls ) , but the Oxford fast bowler has claimed their wicket on one occasion , lbw at Lords .
The Cambridge side are under the flight attendantship of Patrick Tice , and the former Ireland U19 wicket-keeper can call upon the core of predecessor Jamie Abbott 's side . In a losing cause , fresher , and only first-class debutant in the Cambridge team , Angus Dalgleish was mightily impressive last season , with Varsity averages of 35.50 with the bat and 20.25 with the ball . The performance was typified at Lords , where they hit a stunning 77 from 70 balls , whilst wickets ( eight of them ) crumbled around him . Dalgleish batted at 3 that day , and effectively occupied the same position in the white heat of the Parks , crafting a debut 41 from a perilous 9-4 .
They are certainly Cambridge 's danger man , and they will need to be supported well by opener Tom Colverd , and quick Rhuari Crichard , who has been in searing form this season , taking 17 wickets . No one has bowled more Varsity overs ( 109.4 ) , or taken more Varsity wickets ( 17 ) than now-departed spinner Avish Patel across the past two seasons , and for the light blues there will certainly be an extra onus on attacking with the new ball . Interestingly though , Crichard has never dismissed Oxford captain Matty Hughes – who has scored 61 runs off the bowling , at a strike-rate of 70.93 across the three formats .
Their opening bowling partner , Tim Moses , may well be the surprise package of the affair . A first-class bowling average of 67.00 is a disservice to the Cambridge fresher . Not least because that was achieved in an austere assessment of the Notts , Lancs and Middlesex opening partnerships back in April ( and accounting for Alex Hales ) , but that it omits their awkwardness – generating pace and bounce from their tall frame . That in Lancashire 's opening first-class game of the season , Haseeb Hameed was hit on the left-hand by Moses , just 23 balls into their innings , and was forced to retire hurt , is telling .
In the 4-day fixture , the two sides will field at least ten first-class debutants between them . Ten took to the field for the 2009 renewal , but each side afforded five . This year , in Oxford 's case , six debutants on a single side will become the highest for either team for ten years , when in 2007 they similarly fielded six debutants at Fenners . Then , a draw ended a run of four consecutive thrashings in the incarnation pre-dating Varsity 2.0 , and cricket 's modern revolution . Here , the fresh-faced dark Blues are chasing new history .
If Oxford is to overcome their transitory period , then history , it seems , is well poised to repeat itself . Both Matty Hughes ( 2015 ) and Dan Escott ( 2016 ) recorded centuries on their FC debuts for Oxford in the fixture , and another this year would match the hat-trick recorded between 2008 and 2010 . As much as it is a cauldron of intensity , cooked up by rich heritage , Varsity is a stage for introduction too .
About six weeks ago , SpaceX launched a spy satellite into low Earth orbit from Launch Complex 39A at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center . As is normal for National Reconnaissance Office launches , not much information was divulged about the satellite 's final orbit or its specific purpose in space . However , a dedicated group of ground-based observers continued to track the satellite after it reached outer space .
Then something curious happened . In early June , the satellite made an extremely close pass to the International Space Station . One of the amateur satellite watchers , Ted Molczan , estimated the pass on June 3 to be 4.4km directly above the station . Another , Marco Langbroek , pegged the distance at 6.4km . `` I am inclined to believe that the close conjunctions between USA 276 and ISS are intentional , but this remains unproven and far from certain , '' Molczan later wrote .
In recent days , Ars has run these observations by several officials and informed sources . They are credible , these officials say , and curious indeed . `` This is strange , '' said one astronaut who has commanded the International Space Station . `` I do n't really believe in coincidences . But I ca n't really think of anything that would be worth highlighting a close approach . ''
Deliberate or not ?
One expert in satellite launches and tracking , Jonathan McDowell , said of the satellite 's close approach to the station , `` It is not normal . '' While it remains possible that the near-miss was a coincidence due to the satellite being launched into similar orbit , that would represent `` gross incompetence '' on the part of the National Reconnaissance Office , they said . Like the astronaut , McDowell downplayed the likelihood of a coincidence .
Another option is that of a deliberate close flyby , perhaps to test or calibrate an onboard sensor to observe something or some kind of activity on the International Space Station . `` The deliberate explanation seems more likely , except that I would have expected the satellite to maneuver after the encounter , '' McDowell said . `` But it seems to have stayed in the same orbit . ''
Another question , if the maneuver was deliberate , is whether the US government informed Russia or other international partners on the space station . The Russian segment of the station controls the thrusters that generally are used to maneuver the station away from orbital debris , so such coordination might seem prudent .
In regard to these questions , so far the US government has declined to provide answers . A NASA spokesperson offered to look into the matter on Monday but as of Wednesday afternoon had nothing to say . A query sent to public affairs at the National Reconnaissance Office went unanswered . We will update this story if we receive any official responses .
Farewell messages from High Commissioner to British expats
Farewell message to British expats and update on # Brexit from High Commissioner Matthew Kidd who completes their tenure in # Cyprus today .
Posted by UK in Cyprus – British High Commission Nicosia on Tuesday , 24 April 2018
The Liège Country Hall first saw Ruben Bemelmans playing against Marton Fucsovics . Though Bemelmans ( ATP-120 ) is ranked some 60 places below their opponent , they won the game in 4 sets : 6-4 , 4-6 , 7-6 , 6-3 .
Belgium 's top ace , David Goffin , next took on a challenge from Attila Balazs . Top-10 player Goffin ( ATP-7 ) was no match for their opponent ( ATP-227 ) taking it in straight sets 6-4 , 6-4 , 6-0 . Crowd favourite Goffin celebrated their 10th successive victory in the Davis Cup , taking Belgium to a 2-0 lead on the opening day .
Belgium , steered by Captain Johan Van Herck ( top photo ) have high ambitions again this year , after losing last year 's final against France in Lille .
Just after 6:30 p.m. Tuesday , police patrolling the area of 300 E Bellevue Ave in Garden City observed a silver Dodge Stratus traveling north on 3rd Street , according to a media release .
The vehicle was driven by Marco Rodriguez , 19 , Garden City . They were wanted on an active municipal warrant and was not wearing a seatbelt .
The officer attempted a traffic stop on the vehicle at 3rd and Long Street .
The vehicle failed to stop for officers , and a vehicle pursuit was initiated . During the pursuit , the suspect vehicle was damaged when it struck the curb at Windmill Drive and Harvest Lane .
The vehicle came to a stop at Windy View Drive and Pearly Jane Avenue . Police arrested Rodriguez without incident .
Police also arrested the passenger in the vehicle , Brandon Elad , 20 , Garden City . Elad was carrying a handgun on their person at the time of arrest .
A search of the vehicle revealed suspected marijuana and drug paraphernalia .
Rodriguez faces charges of Possession of Marijuana with intent to distribute Possession of Drug Paraphernalia , Driving While License Suspended , Driving under the Influence , Interference with a Law , Enforcement Officer Fleeing and Eluding , Leaving the Scene of an Accident and Multiple traffic violations .
Elad faces charges for possession of Marijuana with Intent to Distribute , Possession of Drug Paraphernalia and Criminal Carrying of a Weapon
Durban - Despite having to operate in an economy that is on the back foot after South Africa was recently downgraded to junk status by the two rating agencies Fitch and Standard & Poor 's ( S & P ) , PSG Konsult , an independent financial services group , is confident that it will continue to grow its client base in the year ahead .
Chief executive Francois Gouws of PSG Konsult said a number of initiatives were in place to ensure this happened . “ The group 's focus on products , platforms and client service excellence through the quality of its advice is proving to be a resilient strategy . ”
Gouws said the group had made investments to withstand the difficult operating environment . “ We have invested heavily in technology as the financial services sector requires companies to keep on improving in that regard . The business will reap rewards in the long-term because of this investment in our IT . We might have forsaken in making profits in the short term but we know the business will benefit from this investment .
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac .
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free , but Ford does n't have the replacement parts yet . It will notify owners when the parts are available .
Q & A : Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers . In exchange , they have promised to cut regulations and taxes .
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards '' The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over , it 's over , '' Trump told the crowd .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The bones were 50-100 yards away from the path , about a mile up the trail , according to Unified Police Lt. Brian Lohrke . The bones had been in the canyon for a while , they said .
The eighth installment of the Fast and Furious franchise , The Fate of the Furious , opened its doors this past weekend , and to no one 's surprise , it saw big success at the box office . Earning an estimated $ 532.5 million worldwide , it set a new record for a global debut , eclipsing 2016 's standout hit , Star Wars : The Force Awakens ( $ 529 million ) .
Directed by F. Gary Gray , the film saw its largest intake on the foreign market , earning $ 432.3 million internationally after releasing in 63 countries . That figure surpasses Jurassic World ( $ 316.7 million ) as the top international launch of all time .
The film was n't as well received in North America , though , scoring just $ 100.2 million in the market , a decline from the previous installment , Furious 7 , which raked in $ 147.2 million upon debut . But in China alone , the film earned $ 192.1 million , the biggest three-day debut in history in the country for a Hollywood title .
`` This franchise is showing no sign of wear and tear , '' said Duncan Clark , Universal International Distribution Chief . `` Fate of the Furious is satisfying audiences on many different levels . ''
The film , which saw Vin Diesel aided by their familiar crew , including Dwayne Johnson , Tyrese Gibson , Chris `` Ludacris '' Bridges , and Michelle Rodriguez , was also joined by newcomers like Hellen Mirren and Scott Eastwood . The theme revolves around Charlize Theron 's character , who `` seduces Dom [ Diesel ] into the world of crime they ca n't seem to escape . ''
The Fate of the Furious opened its doors on April 12 , 2017 .
Source : Variety
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FRISCO , TX — Twelve years ago , Seanil Reed 's family was forced to evacuate their home in New Orleans when Hurricane Katrina hit . They found their way to Frisco , and Seanil never never let the life-changing event throw them from their goal 's of being a rapper .
“ I can honestly say I do n't know where my music career would be if I did n't move to Frisco , ” said Seanil .
And that music career , where they go by the moniker Nilly , just got a huge boost when they were selected to be a competitor on the VH1 series “ Signed , ” where hip hop artists try to earn a spot with a top recording label .
“ The experience was life changing , ” Seanil said . “ It 's one thing to hear my family or my friends tell me that I 'm good at music , but when you hear Rick Ross , The-Dream , Lenny Santiago , who is the right-hand man of Jay-Z , when you hear those people say you 're good at music then it means something a lot deeper . ”
Getting this shot at achieving their music dreams is what Nilly is all about , and it 's a message they work into all their music .
“ I always try to inspire people , you can be great , you can reach your goals , ” they said . “ To the moon and back , man . When I think of Grammys , platinum albums , world tours , I literally aim for the stars when it comes to my music because I know that I 'm dedicated to do it . ”
This website uses cookies . Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
In this July 3 , 2018 , image taken from video provided by the Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page , a Thai boy smiles as a Thai Navy SEAL medic helps injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai , northern Thailand .
Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via AP
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday more than a week after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand .
The boys , aged 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand 's Chiang Rai province for 12 days . They disappeared after they went exploring after a soccer game on June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday . But risky conditions , challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them .
Some of the boys do not know how to swim and flooding in the caves means the boys would likely have to dive to be able to escape , which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous , especially for people with no experience of scuba gear .
`` The water is very strong and space is narrow . Extracting the children takes a lot of people , '' Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters in Thailand on Wednesday . `` Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive , '' they said . They added that if the high water levels fell , the team would be taken out quickly .
The British divers who found the squad said it took three hours to reach them , as they faced fast-moving currents and had to pull themselves along cave walls .
More : Thai cave : Boys may have to scuba to safety – even those who ca n't swim
More : An illustrated look at the Thai cave rescue
Chiang Rai provincial Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn , the Thai official overseeing the rescue operation , said Wednesday that `` all 13 may not come out at the same time . If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100 % , they can come out . ''
Narongsak said rescue teams are still looking for other ways to rescue the boys , such as locating alternative routes into the cave 's network of narrow passageways .
Some cave rescue experts have said it would be safer to keep the team supplied with essential food and medicine where they are for now and wait for the water levels to recede . However , that approach could take months , as Thailand 's monsoon season usually lasts through October . It 's also possible that conditions inside the cave could change . The boys were located taking shelter on a ledge surrounded by water more than a mile from the cave 's main entrance , and about half a mile below the surface .
Still , the boys and their coach reported that they were in good health in a brief video released Wednesday on the Thai navy SEALs Facebook page .
The SEALs , including medics , are staying with the team inside the cave and the boys are mostly in a stable condition after having received high-protein drinks .
The one-minute video shows the team together with the SEALs inside the darkened cave . While the boys are visibly thin , they appear to be in good spirits as they introduce themselves one-by-one to the camera . In the video , as a light is shone on each boy 's face they address the camera with head bowed and hands clasped together in a Thai prayer-like greeting known as `` wai . '' A few of the boys appear to be wearing soccer jerseys from international teams . One of them resembles the one worn by the England soccer squad in its Tuesday night World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow .
Thai authorities said they are working to install an Internet cable to the cave so that the parents of the boys can talk to their children .
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai , Thailand , July 1 , 2018 . Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance . U.S . Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team , aged between 11 to 16 , and their their 25-year-old coach . 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai , Thailand , July 1 , 2018 . Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance . U.S . Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team , aged between 11 to 16 , and their their 25-year-old coach . 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
If you have a farmer friend , neighbor or family member who epitomizes the title “ Good Steward ” then please take a minute to consider nominating them for the National Corn Growers Association 's Good Steward Recognition Program .
They are looking for a farmer who always does their job with a keen eye on improving the productivity and sustainability of their farm for future generations .
Every profession has its early adopters that point the way for others , and National Corn Growers Association thinks these good flight attendants of the land are special people who deserve to be recognized . If you agree and know of a good candidate , nominations are due by 5:00 PM CDT August 6 , 2018 .
This year any one can nominate a candidate for recognition as long as they are a Corn Grower member . Most farmers today understand that clean water and healthy soil can and should go hand-in-hand with profitability .
So , if you know someone who is doing a stellar job on their farm , get an application online and nominate them today .
See Also :
The Food and Agriculture Organisation 's ( FAO ) food price index , which measures monthly changes for a basket of cereals , oilseeds , dairy products , meat and sugar , averaged 169.5points , nearly unchanged from December . International food prices were almost 3percent lower than last January , FAO said . Agricultural commodities have emerged from a highly volatile period and are expected to remain stable over the next decade .
FAO raised its forecast for global cereals output in 2017 to 2.64billion tons , 1.3 percent higher than 2016 's harvest .
- REUTERS
INTERNATIONAL - World food prices held steady in January from the month before , as rising prices for cereals and vegetable oils were balanced out by lower quotations for dairy and sugar , the UN food agency said yesterday .
President Donald Trump addressed this morning 's shooting at a ballpark in Alexandria , Va. , that wounded GOP House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and an aide to Rep. Roger Williams ( R-Texas ) this morning .
LONDON , April 10 ( IFR ) - Romania has set guidance for a dual-tranche euro offering , according to a lead .
The sovereign has revised pricing for a new 10-year benchmark bond to 175bp-180bp over mid-swaps , after initially marketing the notes at 185bp area over .
Romania has set guidance for a reopening of its €1.25bn 3.875 % notes due October 2035 at a yield of 3.60 % area . That compares to an initial marketing level of 3.65 % area .
The aggregate order books are over €2.75bn , with a skew to the 10-year . The books are open for today 's business via Barclays , Citigroup , Erste Group , ING and Société Générale .
Romania is rated Baa3/BBB-/BBB- . ( Reporting by Robert Hogg ; editing by Sudip Roy )
× Alabama 's Charles Barkley slams Moore , Bannon
Former professional basketball star Charles Barkley says Alabama voters must send Democrat Doug Jones to the Senate to assure the rest of the nation “ we 're not a bunch of damn idiots . ”
An Alabama native , Barkley says Republican Roy Moore would continue to embarrass a state that has a history of politicians garnering negative attention .
Barkley is speaking at Jones ' final campaign rally before polls open Tuesday morning .
They took aim at Moore 's top celebrity campaigner , Steve Bannon . President Donald Trump 's former adviser was also in Alabama on Monday .
Barkley called Bannon a “ white separatist nationalist ” and said they and Moore are courting voters who hold Alabama back .
Barkley is from outside Birmingham . They have commented over the years on Alabama politics , periodically entertaining the idea of running for governor .
It 's no one 's business , and Smith said , `` I did n't want to be , like , the trans 'Survivor ' player . I wanted to be Zeke the 'Survivor ' player . ''
Given that transgender people are assaulted at a higher rate than the general population , Varner actually put Smith at risk .
Contestant Ozzie Lusth was right when they said , `` It 's like you 're playing with people 's lives at this point . ''
Much to their credit , the other contestants immediately went after Varner for crossing a line . And they expressed support for Smith .
Ironically , Varner kept their sexuality private the first two seasons they were on `` Survivor , '' even refusing to answer direct questions . The first time they acknowledged that he 's gay on air was in the April 5 episode .
They apologized profusely on the show , taped 10 months ago , and on social media and in interviews after the episode aired . But what makes `` Survivor '' compelling is that under the stress of hunger , exhaustion and paranoia , we see contestants for who they really are .
Varner 's apologies come across as damage control . And he 's still making excuses , blaming the editing and telling Parade magazine , `` I was n't in control in that moment . I did n't even hear it come out of my mouth . ''
Right . …
The better bit of irony is that Smith did n't go on `` Survivor '' ( Wednesdays , 7 p.m. , CBS/Ch . 2 ) waving the transgender banner and , as a result , they did a lot of good .
Caitlyn Jenner 's ill-fated reality show , `` I Am Cait , '' was all about trying to change minds . It 's hard to imagine that many who were n't sympathetic to Jenner tuned in .
But viewers got to know Smith for who they are in their two seasons on `` Survivor . '' Fellow contestant Sarah Lacina said that while they come `` from a very conservative '' background that 's `` not very diverse , '' they grew to `` love [ Zeke ] so much '' — and that wo n't change .
Clearly stunned into silence by Varner 's actions — and given time by host Jeff Probst to collect their thoughts — Smith came across as a calm , mature guy who actually told Varner they forgave him .
( That did n't help Varner in the game . After quickly polling the contestants , Probst sent them home without holding a formal vote . )
That `` Survivor '' might be a step forward for transgender Americans in no way excuses Varner , who did the single worst thing any `` Survivor '' contestant has done in 34 seasons and 504 episodes . `` I do n't want the perception to be that I 'm this evil hateful person , '' they pleaded .
Of course they do n't . But if you behave in an evil , hateful way … that 's going to happen .
Scott D. Pierce covers television for The Salt Lake Tribune . Email them at spierce @ sltrib.com ; follow them on Twitter @ ScottDPierce .
WASHINGTON – U.S. Representative Evan Jenkins ( R-W.Va. ) announced today that five West Virginia organizations have received more than $ 4.4 million in grants from the Appalachian Regional Commission .
The five grants , totaling $ 4,437,862 , have been awarded to the following organizations :
$ 1.5 million to Bluefield State College for equipment and program support for the Center of Excellence in Manufacturing Engineering . The program will help train students , including displaced coal workers , in new manufacturing and technology fields , including robotics and 3D printing . The center is expected to serve 250 students and 15 businesses and create approximately 100 jobs .
for equipment and program support for the Center of Excellence in Manufacturing Engineering . The program will help train students , including displaced coal workers , in new manufacturing and technology fields , including robotics and 3D printing . The center is expected to serve 250 students and 15 businesses and create approximately 100 jobs . $ 1,017,308 to Pierpont Community & Technical College in Fairmont for its Powering Up the Aerospace Workforce in Coal-Impacted Communities of West Virginia project . The grant will help more former coal miners graduate from workforce training and two-year degree programs at The Robert C. Byrd National Aerospace Education Center in Bridgeport , West Virginia . It is expected that 130 people will enroll and 89 students will complete the training programs , thanks to this grant .
for its Powering Up the Aerospace Workforce in Coal-Impacted Communities of West Virginia project . The grant will help more former coal miners graduate from workforce training and two-year degree programs at The Robert C. Byrd National Aerospace Education Center in Bridgeport , West Virginia . It is expected that 130 people will enroll and 89 students will complete the training programs , thanks to this grant . $ 999,963 to the Region 4 Planning and Development Council in Summersville for the Linking Trails and Communities to Spawn Economic Growth : The Southern WV Bike Trail Network project . The trail system will be located in Greenbrier , Fayette and Nicholas counties , crossing through the Monongahela National Forest , New River Gorge National River , Babcock State Park , and other key recreational and tourism areas . The project is expected to attract $ 3 million in increased tourism and visitors to the region .
for the Linking Trails and Communities to Spawn Economic Growth : The Southern WV Bike Trail Network project . The trail system will be located in Greenbrier , Fayette and Nicholas counties , crossing through the Monongahela National Forest , New River Gorge National River , Babcock State Park , and other key recreational and tourism areas . The project is expected to attract $ 3 million in increased tourism and visitors to the region . $ 899,791 to PRIDE Community Services in Logan for the BuildJobs Initiative project . BuildJobs will help train displaced coal workers in the construction trades , helping to meet the need for skilled construction workers . It will also help support participants who want to open new construction businesses . The BuildJobs Initiative will focus on five counties impacted by the downturn in coal : Boone , Lincoln , Logan , Mingo and Wyoming . The project will help create 15 new businesses and serve more than 120 students .
for the BuildJobs Initiative project . BuildJobs will help train displaced coal workers in the construction trades , helping to meet the need for skilled construction workers . It will also help support participants who want to open new construction businesses . The BuildJobs Initiative will focus on five counties impacted by the downturn in coal : Boone , Lincoln , Logan , Mingo and Wyoming . The project will help create 15 new businesses and serve more than 120 students . $ 20,800 to KVC Health Systems in Charleston for the KVC Health Systems College project . The technical assistance grant will fund the feasibility study for the KVC College concept , which would repurpose the West Virginia University-Institute of Technology campus in Montgomery into a specialized college for young people in foster care .
“ These five grants will help West Virginia kickstart our economy , create new jobs , and expand tourism opportunities . Thanks to the leadership of these organizations , West Virginians will launch new businesses and capitalize on all that our great state has to offer . I thank the Appalachian Regional Commission for their continued investment in West Virginia , and I will continue to fight for funding for this vital program in the upcoming budget , ” Rep. Jenkins said .
“ Each one of these awards is a blueprint for new jobs , fresh opportunities , and a robust economic future for West Virginia . Together , these investments bring added capital into the region and help Appalachia prepare to globally compete in manufacturing , technology , construction and a variety of other industry sectors , ” ARC Federal Co-Chairman Earl F. Gohl said .
As a member of the House Appropriations Committee , Rep. Jenkins helped secure $ 50 million for the Appalachian Regional Commission to invest in Appalachia , as well as $ 15 million for the U.S. Economic Development Administration to help coal communities hurt by the downturn in coal .
Related
Comments
comments
Today is Tuesday , March 20 , the 79th day of 2018 with 286 to follow .
This is the first day of spring .
The moon is waning . Morning stars are Jupiter , Mars , Neptune and Saturn . Evening stars are Jupiter , Mercury , Neptune , Uranus and Venus .
Those born on this date are under the sign of Pisces . They include adventurer/writer Edward Judson , originator of the dime novel , writing as Ned Buntline , in 1821 ; Norwegian dramatist Henrik Ibsen in 1828 ; actor/bandleader Ozzie Nelson in 1906 ; actor Michael Redgrave in 1908 ; actor Vera Lynn in 1917 ( age 101 ) ; diplomat Pamela Harriman in 1920 ; actor/producer/director Carl Reiner in 1922 ( age 96 ) ; Fred Rogers ( TV 's Mister Rogers ) in 1928 ; actor Hal Linden in 1931 ( age 87 ) ; author Lois Lowry in 1937 ( age 81 ) ; former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney in 1939 ( age 79 ) ; basketball Hall of Fame member Pat Riley in 1945 ( age 73 ) ; hockey Hall of Fame member Bobby Orr in 1948 ( age 70 ) ; actor William Hurt in 1950 ( age 68 ) ; filmmaker Spike Lee in 1957 ( age 61 ) ; actor Theresa Russell in 1957 ( age 61 ) ; actor Holly Hunter in 1958 ( age 60 ) ; actor David Thewlis in 1963 ( age 55 ) ; model/actor Kathy Ireland in 1963 ( age 55 ) ; singer Chester Bennington ( Linkin Park ) in 1976 ; actor Bianca Lawson in 1979 ( age 39 ) ; actor Freema Agyeman in 1979 ( age 39 ) ; model/actor Ruby Rose in 1986 ( age 32 ) ; tennis player Sloane Stephens in 1993 ( age 25 ) ; singer Zonnique Pullins in 1996 ( age 22 ) ; Barron Trump , son of President Donald Trump , in 2006 ( age 12 ) .
On this date in history :
In 1852 , Harriet Beecher Stowe 's anti-slavery novel Uncle Tom 's Cabin was published .
In 1854 , in what is considered the founding meeting of the Republican Party , former members of the Whig Party met in Ripon , Wis. , to establish a new party to oppose the spread of slavery into the western territories .
In 1963 , a volcano on the East Indies island of Bali began erupting . The death toll exceeded 1,500 .
In 1976 , San Francisco newspaper heiress and kidnapping victim Patty Hearst was convicted of bank robbery . Hearst served 22 months in prison and eventually was granted a full pardon .
In 1987 , the U.S. government approved the sale of AZT , a treatment , but not a cure , for AIDS .
In 1995 , 12 people were killed , and more than 5,000 made ill in a nerve-gas attack on the Tokyo subway system .
In 1996 , the world learned of `` mad cow '' disease from a British government report questioning the safety of beef in Britain .
In 1997 , the Liggett Group , fifth-largest U.S. tobacco company , agreed to admit that smoking was addictive and caused health problems and that the tobacco industry had sought for years to sell its products to children as young as 14 .
In 2001 , five days after explosions destroyed one of its support beams and killed 11 people , the largest oil rig in the world collapsed and sank off the coast of Brazil .
In 2003 , U.S.-led coalition forces begin military operations in Iraq .
In 2003 , Brian Patrick Regan , a retired Air Force master sergeant , was sentenced to life in prison for offering to sell intelligence secrets to Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein and the Chinese government .
In 2004 , after narrowly escaping assassination the day before , Chen Shui-bian was re-elected president of Taiwan with about 50 percent of the vote .
In 2007 , former Iraqi Vice President Taha Yassin Ramadan was hanged in Baghdad for their part in the 1982 deaths of 148 Shiites .
In 2010 , accusations of sexual abuse of children by Roman Catholic priests were reported on the increase in Germany , Austria , Netherlands , Spain , Switzerland and Brazil .
In 2016 , President Barack Obama became the first sitting U.S. president to visit Cuba since 1928 after normalizing relations between the two countries .
A thought for the day : `` Spring is nature 's way of saying , `` Let 's party ! '' -- Robin Williams
Copyright 2017 Scripps Media , Inc. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
A grand jury in San Jacinto County , Texas , returned a three-count indictment against its county judge for alleged burglary of a county office , tampering with a government record , and forgery . Two of the charges are state jail felonies while the third is a Class A Misdemeanor .
Following a presentation of evidence from a special prosecutor from the Office of the Texas Attorney General , a San Jacinto County grand jury returned a three-count indictment against County Judge John Lovett , Jr. on Monday . The indictment alleges Lovett illegally entered the office of San Jacinto County Clerk Dawn Wright and used their facsimile signature stamp to falsify a government document . Both of these allegations are state jail felonies . The indictment further alleges that Lovett forged the certification of a Notice of Meeting of the San Jacinto County Commissioners Court by using the stamp to make it appear the County Clerk authorized the document .
In Texas , the county judge is the chief executive officer of the county 's government . In some counties , including San Jacinto County , the county judge also carries out certain judicial duties .
Following the action by the grand jury , San Jacinto County Sheriff Greg Capers arrested Lovett and escorted the county judge to the jail for booking and processing , the sheriff told Breitbart Texas . “ About an hour later , ” Capers said , “ the State Commission on Judicial Conduct announced Lovett 's suspension without pay . ”
The suspension document states :
Having considered the Indictment , the Commission concluded that the judge is charged with Burglary , Tampering with Governmental Record , and Forgery , one of more of which constitutes a felony offense , and determined that John Lovett , Jr. should be suspended , without pay , from the office of County Judge of San Jacinto County , Texas . Such suspension shall remain in effect until further orders of the Commission .
Capers said Lovett made no comments during the arrest and complied with instructions .
Monday afternoon , Precinct 1 Justice of the Peace Beth Sewell allowed Lovett to be released on a personal recognizance bond .
The investigation into the alleged actions of the county judge began in July 2017 when an alarm at the office of the San Jacinto County Clerk triggered a police response from the sheriff 's office , KTRK ABC13 reported . Deputies arrived and reportedly found Levett , who said they were the one who entered the office . They allegedly claimed their position as county judge gave them the authority to use a master key to enter the premises .
County Clerk Wright disagreed .
“ No one else should be able to come into my office other than me or my staff . I can confirm that it was broken into because there is proof of my file stamp being used , ” Wright told the Houston ABC affiliate . “ As an elected official , I 'm not very happy about what 's been going on , but with the ongoing investigation I wish not to make any comments . ”
Lovett attempted to justify their actions last July and told the reporter , “ The clerk of the court is subservient to the court . If I need to go into the office of the court , I think I have every right to do so . ”
In Texas , the office of county clerk is a governmental office that is independently elected by the county 's voters .
“ The sheriff 's office is investigating the alarm call , ” Lovett continued in the 2017 interview . “ I do n't believe they are investigating any crimes . ”
This is not the county judge 's first run-in with law enforcement since being elected in 2014 .
Shortly before the alleged July 2017 break-in , a Texas Department of Public Safety ( DPS ) trooper cited Judge Levett for failing to maintain financial responsibility by not having insurance and for driving on the wrong side of a roadway . Their actions allegedly caused a 16-year-old girl to crash their car , ABC13 reported . They suffered cuts and bruises in the crash .
Lovett said they were trying to conduct county business and was working on a mental health emergency when the crash occurred .
The county judge announced they would not run for re-election in their current office following these incidents . Instead , Lovett announced they would seek election to the position of Justice of the Peace for Precinct 1 . During the March Primary Election , Lovett finished second in a six-way race to Christina McGee . Their name is currently on the ballot for the runoff election scheduled for May .
San Jacinto County GOP Chairman Dwayne Wright , who is married to County Clerk Dawn Wright , told Breitbart Texas , “ Today 's events surrounding the county judge are most unfortunate . The San Jacinto County Republican Party hopes that justice will be served while maintaining that people are innocent until proven guilty . ”
“ While there are many rumors afloat , we stand steadfast in support of our judicial system and it 's ability to discern culpability , ” the chairperson continued . “ The San Jacinto County Republican Party will continue to move forward in our efforts to have a positive impact in our county . ”
The Commissioners Court met in emergency session on Monday and appointed Precinct 4 Commissioner Mark Nettuno to temporarily fill the position of county judge while Lovett remains under suspension , Wright said . A second emergency meeting of the court is scheduled for Tuesday .
San Jacinto County Indictment of Judge John Lovett Jr
The 2018 Vermont Thunder Ride rolled through Milton last Sunday afternoon . The ride raises money for veterans of all wars and their families . The group took off from the Vietnam Veterans Memorial at the Interstate 89 rest area in Sharon . Riders departed at 11:30 a.m. after a wreath-laying ceremony , traveled up I-89 to Richmond , met up with a second group of bikers and traveled to Enosburg for a ceremony and lunch . The entire journey is 125 miles and attracts more than 1,000 riders from the northeast , the group 's website says .
Photos by Greg Burbo .
–
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) The Swedish government will appoint a special envoy to the peace process in the Israel-Palestine conflict , Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom said Wednesday .
`` This year marks 50 years of the occupation of Palestine . Sweden continues to work for a resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and will appoint a special envoy , '' Wallstrom said during the parliamentary debate on foreign affairs as quoted by the government press service .
They added that Sweden was holding regular contacts `` with almost 150 Israeli and Palestinian civil society organizations '' regarding the conflict settlement process .
`` Security Council resolution 2334 on the Israeli settlements , and the international conference held in Paris in January , could , in the best-case scenario , create the conditions for a renewed peace process and a two-state solution , '' Wallstrom pointed out .
Sweden-Israel relations have deteriorated after Sweden had recognized Palestine 's independence shortly after Wallstrom became Foreign Minister in October 2014 . Besides , after Wallstrom had called for investigations into the `` extrajudicial '' killings of Palestinian assailants by Israeli forces , Israeli officials refused to welcome the Swedish foreign minister in the country during their state visit to the region in December 2016 .
Attempts to settle the conflict over Palestinian territories occupied by Israel since 1967 on the international basis have been taken since 2002 . As a result of the Paris Conference for peace in the Middle East held on January 15 , 2017 , the Arab Peace Initiative of 2002 has been chosen as the basis for conflict resolution , implying the creation of the independent and sovereign Palestinian state within the borders of 1967 .
According to the Resolution 2334 of the United Nations Security Council , adopted on December 23 , 2016 , Israel is to stop settlement activity in Palestinian territories occupied since 1967 , including East Jerusalem , as these activities are violating international law .
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we 'll keep you up to speed !
March 28 TYC Brother Industrial Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 2.0 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To pay cash dividend of T $ 625.8 million in total
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/E6sV5j
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Boston , MA - The mortality rate in Puerto Rico rose by 62 % [ 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) 11 % to 114 % ] after Hurricane Maria , according to a new study led by researchers from Harvard T.H . Chan School of Public Health . The study was conducted in January and February 2018 , in collaboration with colleagues from Carlos Albizu University in Puerto Rico and the University of Colorado School of Medicine .
The researchers concluded that the original estimate of 64 excess deaths due to Hurricane Maria is likely to be a substantial underestimate . The study estimates a death rate of 14.3 deaths per thousand [ 95 % CI 9.8 to 18.9 ] between September 20 ( date of Hurricane Maria ) and December 31 , 2017 , up from a rate of 8.8 deaths per thousand at the same time in 2016 . About one third of the reported deaths in the households surveyed in the study were attributed to delayed or prevented access to medical care .
The study was published online May 29 , 2018 in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico on September 20 , 2017 , inflicting approximately $ 90 billion worth of damage and displacing thousands of residents . The storm disrupted medical services across the island , and many households were left for weeks without water , electricity , or cell phone coverage .
As with any major natural disaster , assessing the loss of life caused by Hurricane Maria was difficult and contentious . For disaster-related deaths to be confirmed in Puerto Rico , bodies must be transported to San Juan or a medical examiner must travel to the region to verify the death . This makes it difficult to log deaths that were caused by delays in treatment or chronic conditions that worsened in the aftermath of the storm . In December 2017 , media reports suggested that the official death toll was significantly underestimated .
To produce an independent estimate of lives lost as a result of the storm , the researchers surveyed 3,299 randomly chosen households across Puerto Rico . Participants were asked about infrastructure damage , displacement , and deaths . Results from the survey showed that there were an estimated 14.3 deaths per 1,000 people between September 20 and December 31 , 2017 . By comparing this post-hurricane mortality rate with the same time period in 2016 , the researchers estimated that there were 4,645 [ 95 % CI , 793 to 8498 ] additional deaths in the three-month period following Hurricane Maria .
In addition to a significantly higher death toll , the study showed that the average household went approximately 41 days without cell phone service , 68 days without water , and 84 days without electricity following the storm . More than 30 % of surveyed households reported interruptions to medical care , with trouble accessing medications and powering respiratory equipment being the most frequently cited challenges .
Household-based surveys such as these are well studied in the scientific literature and offer a cost-effective , rapid approach in the aftermath of a disaster . The researchers have made all of their anonymized data , analysis , and code publicly available for review .
Support for the study came from Harvard T.H . Chan School of Public Health and the University of Colorado School of Medicine , Department of Emergency Medicine , Section of Wilderness and Environmental Medicine .
# # #
`` Mortality in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria , '' Nishant Kishore , Domingo Marqués , Ayesha Mahmud , Mathew Kiang , Irmary Rodriguez , Arlan Fuller , Peggy Ebner , Cecilia Sorensen , Fabio Racy , Jay Lemery , Leslie Maas , Jennifer Leaning , Rafael Irizarry , Satchit Balsari , Caroline O. Buckee , New England Journal of Medicine , online May 29 , 2018 , doi : 10.1056/NEJMsa1803972
Bone grafts are generally utilized for bone regeneration , pain relief and structure restoration for decades all over the world . Conservatively , autografts were used for bone grafting , in which patient 's own bone was used as a graft . Autologous bone grafts have proven very useful and is recognized as a gold standard for bone transplant . On the contrary , use of autologous bone grafts embraces the risk of infection transfer . This infection transfer during surgical procedures at both tissue harvesting and transplant sites results in late wound healing and prolonged hospital stay . Therefore , allografts were introduced in the market for overcoming the disadvantages associated with autologous grafts . Allografts possess both osteoinductive and osteoconductive properties , and hence serve as a worthy substitute for autografts .
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=14189
DBMs that employ fibers exhibit better osteoconductive scaffold because of their interwoven structure . This interwoven structure gives bone forming cells an opportunity to migrate within the matrix instead of trying to “ jump ” the gaps between the particles . Demineralized Bone Matrix which uses the fiber technology are engineered in such a way that enhances their properties like osteoconduction . This property is very essential for the quicker healing of the orthopedic tissues after surgery .
Allografts comprise the tissues , cells and/or proteins that are utilized for implantation , infusion or transplant from donor to the recipient with different genetic makeup of the same species . DBM is the human bone processed with hydrochloric acid that removes the mineral content of the bone . After processing collagen , bone proteins and bone morphogenetic proteins are left . These demineralized allografts exhibit high osteoinductive properties alongside some osteoconductive properties with structural support . Demineralized allografts are readily available world over and are very popular substitutes of the bone autografts . These demineralized bone matrix is often combined with cortical and cancellous bone chips to improve osteoconductive properties . These can be utilized as autologous bone grafts extender in spinal and trauma surgeries . DBM is generally regulated by FDA ' 510K marketing clearing processes . Demineralized allografts if not combined with other materials then only it can be utilized for transplantation . Growth in demineralized allograft market is greater due to anticipated surge in soft-tissue allografts . Increasing demand for repair procedures related to growth in more active lifestyles among affluent younger people . The demineralized allograft market is expected to grow at huge CAGR because of new technological innovations in grafting , and increase in cosmetic surgery , etc . Zimmer has introduced Puros , a demineralized bone matrix which contains ground cortical cancellous chips from the donors .
Request for Discount @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=D & rep_id=14189
The demineralized allografts market can be segmented based on product type , end-users and geography . Based on key product types , the market can be segmented into DBM with cortical bone chip , DBM with cancellous bone chip , DBM with adult mesenchymal stem cells , DBM with calcium sulfate , and DBM with calcium phosphate . Segmentation of this market on the basis of end user can be done as tertiary care hospitals , orthopedics hospitals , orthopedics OPD , and corporate hospitals . The segmentation of the global demineralized allografts market based on geography include regions such as North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Latin America , and the Middle East & Africa .
Growth drivers of demineralized allografts market in the near future include increase in the volume of procedures like spinal fusion , and joint reconstruction because of rising number of pandemics , rapidly aging population and increasing obesity rates . In addition , continuous efforts in product innovations , and line extension of available products to create comprehensive orthobiologics platform from different manufacturers are also driving the global market . Orthopedic community 's continuous research on materials providing better osteoconductivity , osteoinductivity and osteogenesis , and improved accessibility to the latest generation allografts in emerging economics would further contribute toward this market growth in the near future .
Request for Report TOC @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=T & rep_id=14189
Key players operating in the demineralized allografts market are Medtronic , Stryker Corporation , DePuy Synthes ( Johnson & Johnson ) , Bacterin International , Inc. , Alphatec Spine , Inc. , AlloSource , Zimmer Biomet Holdings , Exactech , Inc. , Globus Medical , Inc. , Integra LifeSciences Corporation , NuVasive , Inc. , Olympus Corporation , Orthofix Holdings , Inc. , and RTI Surgical among others .
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company , providing global business information reports and services . Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . Our experienced team of Analysts , Researchers , and Consultants , use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather , and analyze information .
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts , so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With a broad research and analysis capability , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research ,
90 Sate Street , Suite 700 ,
Albany , NY 12207
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 3 ' game
DETROIT ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Michigan Lottery 's `` Daily 3 '' game were :
1-8-3
( one , eight , three )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PETERSBURG , Va. – Police are investigating after a man was carjacked at gunpoint in Petersburg Wednesday night .
Crime Insider sources say the male victim was set up by two women they met on social media .
Those sources say the victim picked up the two women on Oakland Street . As they drove away , one woman said they forgot something at their car .
When the male victim took the women back , police say three men , one with a gun , demanded them out of their car .
Crime Insider sources say two men got in their silver Volkswagen Jetta , while the two women fled the scene in another car with the third male suspect .
The male victim was unharmed during the carjacking .
If you have information that could help investigators , call Petersburg Dinwiddie Crime Solvers at 804-861-1212 .
Stay with CBS 6 for the latest on this developing story .
The logo of commodities trader Glencore is pictured in front of the company 's headquarters in Baar , Switzerland , September 30 , 2015 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
LONDON Traders are shipping more gasoline from Europe to the U.S. East Coast ahead of the summer driving season as a steady reduction in inventories there props up prices .
At least 16 tankers carrying some 600,000 tonnes of gasoline blending components including naphtha have been booked in recent days by traders including Glencore ( GLEN.L ) , ExxonMobil ( XOM.N ) , Mercuria , Repsol ( REP.MC ) and Total ( TOTF.PA ) , shipping data shows .
That compared with an average of around 300,000 tonnes per week booked throughout March . The exports are helping to clear Europe 's tanks of oil products and boosting profits for refining gasoline from just under $ 6 per barrel at the end of March to more than $ 13 per barrel on Thursday . [ REF/MARGIN1 ]
`` Europe looks better and better all the time , '' one oil trader said . `` Demand is good and stocks are drawing . ''
Benchmark U.S. East Coast gasoline refining margins have steadily risen in recent weeks as stocks in the region are gradually reduced , even though they remain seasonally high .
However , because much of the gasoline in storage was winter grade it can no longer be used as the market shifts to summer quality . [ EIA/S ]
The New York Harbor has traditionally been a major destination for European gasoline , which is produced in excess of the region 's demand . But the arbitrage from Europe was closed for weeks , leading to building stocks , including in tankers waiting for a chance to sail to other markets .
The exports , along with some 2.2 million tonnes of clean products booked to sail to West Africa in March , have helped clear stock levels in the Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp hub .
Gasoline , blending component and naphtha stocks in the region fell by more than 6 percent in the week to March 31 , according to industry monitor Genscape , to 2.9 million tonnes .
There are millions of tonnes yet to clear from Europe , and while one tanker with stored gasoline , the Hamburg Star , had set sail for the United States , several others filled weeks ago were still floating offshore ARA , including the Hafnia Europe , the Amorea and the Clio .
New York Harbor demand is expected to remain strong as Latin America , particularly Venezuela , pulls in more gasoline from the U.S. Gulf Coast and space on the Colonial pipeline - the key artery from the refining hub to the East Coast -- remains limited .
While the April arbitrage is only narrowly open , one U.S. broker said the economics looked far better in May , meaning there could be more bookings to come .
( Additional reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar and Jarrett Renshaw in New York ; editing by Alexander Smith )
Directions • The trailhead is in a cul-de-sac at the eastern edge of 1000 South in Hurricane . From State Street ( also known as State Route 9 ) , turn south onto 200 West for four-tenths of a mile . Then turn east onto 400 South , followed by a quick turn south again onto 180 West . Follow 180 West for six-tenths of a mile to 1000 South . The cul-de-sac and trailhead will be on your left .
The hike • This is a good hike to see Hurricane Valley and the southern Utah town of the same name . From the trailhead , follow the trail north . Soon you will see a tunnel leading to a wash. Go through the tunnel and into the wash only if there 's no chance of flooding . Or you can hike a little farther north and go around the point of a canyon . Either way , you need to cross the wash and begin following the switchbacks up the cliff face . One spot near the ridge may require some scrambling . Once on the ridge , continue hiking north . When you can look to the west and see yourself looking down State Street , you 're at the overlook . Destination : Overlooking State Street Roundtrip miles • 4 miles Elevation gain • 386 feet Difficulty • Easy Trailhead restrooms • No Dogs allowed • Yes Bikes allowed • Yes Fees • No
Posted by admin on February 2 , 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Patna : A day ahead of Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath 's visit to Bihar to address a rally in Darbhanga district , Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday took a dig at him , saying those coming to Bihar to deliver speech should first enforce prohibition in their states and implement reservations for women .
Nitish Kumar , during an official function at the Darbhanga Medical College and Hospital , said a large number of abandoned cows are found roaming on the roads , including national highways in Uttar Pradesh , eating plastic and dying in hundreds .
`` Talking big will not work ... do something concrete on the ground to protect abandoned cows . Bihar is already working on a project to provide shelter to abandoned cows . What we say , we do and fulfil promises , unlike those who forget their promises , '' they taunted .
Nitish Kumar said Prime Minister Narendra Modi had praised imposition of total prohibition in Bihar , but prohibition had not been enforced in the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) -ruled states .
Taking on `` gau rakshaks '' or cow vigilantes , they said they should look after abandoned cows and provide them shelter and food instead of attacking people on the roads in the name of protecting cows .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Research has proven being an early riser is good for your health , but if your a night owl , can you change , Dr Cunnington says yes and gives some easy tips .
Listen to the podcast here .
http : //www.2hd.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Podcast-with-Brent-Bultitude-and-Dr-david-Cunnington.mp3
for more information visit .
http : //sleephub.com.au/
Who is Dr David Cunnington ?
Dr David Cunnington is a specialist sleep physician delivering quality healthcare to clients with complex sleep problems and promoting sleep health through education , research and advocacy .
David is the co-director of Melbourne Sleep Disorders Centre , a multi-disciplinary sleep clinic for the diagnosis and treatment of sleep disorders .
FOUR YEARS AFTER moving to North Carolina to advance their golfing and academic education , Leona and Lisa Maguire will , fittingly , make their professional debuts side-by-side at the LPGA Classic next week .
The Maguire twins . Source : Duke University
For the twin sisters from Cavan , it will be a much-anticipated step into the pro ranks after both enjoyed successful college careers with Duke University , but it was Leona , in particular , who shot to prominence as the world 's number one amateur .
During their time studying Psychology , Business and Accounting , Leona was a two-time national player of the year and won the prestigious Mark H.McCormick Medal for leading amateur three times .
The 23-year-old also represented Ireland at the Rio Olympics , finishing in a tie for 21st to further underline their prodigious talent , while helping Duke to 14 team titles over a four year period and claiming three individual collegiate titles .
Lisa 's career graph has contained more ups and downs than their sister 's , but as a two-time member of the European Junior Solheim Cup team and the 2011 European Ladies amateur and Spanish Ladies amateur champion , they have considerable pedigree heading into the professional game .
The pair will make their debuts at the ShopRite LPGA Classic tournament in New Jersey between 8-10 June , an event which has a purse of $ 1.5 million and boasts Anna Nordqvist , Stacy Lewis and Annika Sorenstam among its past winners .
Leona enjoyed one of the most successful careers in collegiate golf history . Source : Richard Martin-Roberts/R & A
“ I 'm so delighted to make my professional debut at the ShopRite LPGA Classic Presented by Acer , ” Leona said . “ This is a tournament I 've heard so many great things about from other players and it will be honor to make my professional debut at such a great event . ”
Lisa added : “ I 'm so grateful to ShopRite for giving myself and Leona this incredible opportunity at the start of our professional careers . Thanks to everyone who made this happen and we 're looking forward to a memorable week . ”
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
LA JOLLA -- ( April 24 , 2018 ) Glioblastoma multiforme ( GBM ) is an incredibly deadly brain cancer and presents a serious black box challenge . It 's virtually impossible to observe how these tumors operate in their natural environment and animal models do n't always provide good answers .
But now , Salk Institute researchers have taken an important step towards meeting that challenge . By editing two genes in just a few cells in human cerebral organoids , scientists in the Verma lab generated aggressive GBM tumors . This new model could be used to study tumor progression , investigate new drugs or even personalize treatments for patients . The study was published in the journal Cell Reports on April 24 , 2018 .
One of the problems plaguing clinical trials is , quite often , drugs that work in animals do not work in people . Researchers have tried to overcome this by using xenografts , in which patient tumor tissue is implanted in animal models , but this approach has its own issues . Sometimes , there is n't enough human tumor tissue to study and , over time , the tumors adapt to their new home .
`` As tumors grow in mice , the environment changes the tumor 's features , '' says Junko Ogawa , a Salk senior research associate and first author on the paper . `` We do n't know if it 's similar to the patient 's original cancer . ''
The solution could be human cerebral organoids , which contain neurons and other brain cells . The Salk lab has been using stem cells to generate these small ( around 4 mm ) 3D structures in a dish for some time and wanted to investigate how they could be applied to study GBM .
They used the CRISPR-Cas9 tool to edit two genes closely associated with cancer , HRas and p53 , in a few cells in an organoid . HRas is a cancer oncogene that drives rampant cell growth , while p53 is a tumor suppressor . In other words , they took their foot off the brake and stomped on the gas .
These organoids turned into tumor-like structures in the dish -- they grew aggressively and had several biomarkers associated with GBM . Eventually , they took over the organoids , supplanting the original cells with tumor tissue . In addition , they could be serially transplanted into animal models , where they were also quite aggressive .
This approach offers a number of advantages . Editing p53 and HRas in just a few cells better replicates how GBMs actually develop in people -- they do n't start as thousands of cells at once ( like a xenograft ) but rather as one or two aberrant cells .
The team added a fluorescent red marker , called tdTomato , to the oncogenic HRas . As those cells took over the organoids , the researchers could track their progression . In addition , when the organoid tumors were transplanted into the brains of mice , they grew rapidly and resembled tumors taken from patients , offering easier access to samples .
`` You can phenocopy the properties of the tumors in a mouse , '' says Ogawa , `` and now we can give them drugs to see if they are effective . We can also test the tumor 's ability to invade normal brain tissue . ''
These organoids could also host human tumor samples and some GBM cell lines . This model could be used to personalize care . Researchers and clinicians could transplant the cancer cells from patients to make organoid models . As a result , they could study how a tumor responds to treatment in cells that match the patient 's genome . While the organoids lack endothelial cells and an immune system ( which would give them more complexity and help them better replicate actual brain tissue ) , this model could be quite useful in studying a variety of brain metastatic cancers , not just GBM .
# # #
This work was funded by the National Institutes of Health ( R01CA095613 , P30 CA014195-38 , P30 014195 , P30 014195 and P30 014195 ) , the H.N . and Frances C. Berger Foundation , the Leona M. and Harry B. Helmsley Charitable Trust ( grant 2017-PG-MED001 ) , the Glenn Center for Aging Research and the Chapman Foundation .
About the Salk Institute for Biological Studies :
Every cure has a starting point . The Salk Institute embodies Jonas Salk 's mission to dare to make dreams into reality . Its internationally renowned and award-winning scientists explore the very foundations of life , seeking new understandings in neuroscience , genetics , immunology , plant biology and more . The Institute is an independent nonprofit organization and architectural landmark : small by choice , intimate by nature and fearless in the face of any challenge . Be it cancer or Alzheimer 's , aging or diabetes , Salk is where cures begin . Learn more at : salk.edu .
Boston Winter festival canceled for City Hall upgrades
BOSTON ( AP ) — Boston 's City Hall Plaza will not be a winter wonderland this year .
City officials said Tuesday the mayor is moving forward with a $ 60 million overhaul of the plaza , which means Boston Winter is canceled .
More than 300,000 people visited the festival last year for activities such as outdoor skating , a Bavarian village and a Christmas tree maze .
The city says while the festival showed the potential for activating the space , it also underscored a need for system upgrades .
The new design for the plaza includes a seasonal fountain , a renovation of the North Side entrance of City Hall and infrastructure improvements .
Mayor Martin Walsh says the improvements are necessary for the long-term viability of City Hall and the plaza .
Construction is expected to begin in 2019 .
The hunt for clues into the death of a Gold Coast man will continue over the weekend .
The body of Edward James Lockyer , 46 , was located at their unit in Coolangatta on Thursday morning after an associate raised concerns about their welfare to police .
Police are n't sure but believe Mr Lockyer died several days before their remains were found , with reports suggesting their body could have been lying in the home since Monday .
Detective Inspector Marc Hogan said police were yet to determine a cause of death but said the body showed `` signs of injury '' .
They said the crime scene at Mr Lockyer 's unit was quite complex and would take forensic teams days to fully search .
`` The crime scene is very involved , '' Det Insp Hogan said .
`` I expect we will be there for several days . We 're not leaving soon , because of the complexity of the crime scene . ''
Mr Lockyer lived alone at the unit and Det Insp Hogan said there was nothing in their history to suggest they were involved in any criminal activity .
They leaf behind an elderly mother and an adult daughter .
Police are urging anyone with information to come forward .
More Videos
1:23 Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader . Who will step forward ?
1:12 How Gamecock men 's basketball success is paying forward to this year 's team
2:01 Who will start at guard for the Gamecock men 's basketball team ?
1:29 Frank Martin : 'This university is not being investigated . '
1:20 Frank Martin 's wife , Anya , to dance at football half-time
1:05 Sindarius Thornwell reached out to Rakym Felder . Here 's what they said
2:10 Sindarius Thornwell preparing for rookie season in the NBA
3:06 SC ProAm concludes sixth season
2:22 Sindarius Thornwell returns to Columbia after NBA Summer League
3:08 After five years , Chris Silva got to go home
1:18 NBA star plays at SC ProAm
3:37 Rakym Felder knows he 's a natural leader
× Mario Batali steps away from business , TV show amid sexual misconduct allegations
Celebrity chef Mario Batali is stepping away from their restaurant business and ABC television show amid allegations of sexual misconduct .
Batali said in a statement to CNNMoney that they are “ deeply sorry ” for any pain or humiliation they have caused .
“ I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt , ” Batali said . “ That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses . I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain , humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers , employees , customers , friends and family . ”
That statement was first made public early Monday in an investigation on Eater , the restaurant news website . Eater 's report included four accounts of women who claimed that Batali “ touched them inappropriately in a pattern of behavior that appears to span at least two decades . ”
The women , some of whom worked for Batali , claimed they had groped them , according to Eater . The story did not name them .
Batali did not refer to the Eater investigation in their statement . But they said , “ although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me , much of the behavior described does , in fact , match up with ways I have acted . ”
“ We built these restaurants so that our guests could have fun and indulge , but I took that too far in my own behavior , ” they said . “ I wo n't make that mistake again . ”
The Batali and Bastianich Hospitality Group , a collection of restaurants , confirmed to CNNMoney that Batali has stepped away from company operations .
They remain an owner of the group , which they founded with restaurateur Joe Bastianich . A spokesperson said that Batali and the owners are reviewing that role .
“ We take these allegations very seriously , ” B & B said in a statement , which was first provided to Eater . “ We pride ourselves on being a workplace for our employees where they can grow and deliver great service with equal opportunity and free from any discrimination .
The group added : “ We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment . We train employees in these policies and we enforce them , up to and including termination . ”
The B & B spokesperson said the company also investigated a complaint about Batali 's behavior in October . It was the only complaint B & B has ever received about Batali , the company said .
An employee at one of the group 's restaurants reported “ inappropriate behavior , ” according to the spokesperson , who would not disclose the name of the restaurant or details about the incident .
The B & B spokesperson said Batali was counseled , reprimanded and required to undergo additional sexual harassment training . After that report , they volunteered not to go to the restaurant mentioned in the complaint .
Within the past few weeks , they stepped away from their operational role entirely , said the spokesperson , who declined to say anything further about what led to that decision . The company said it was not aware of other complaints at its restaurants .
Batali has also been a host on ABC 's “ The Chew ” for the past several years . An ABC spokesperson told CNNMoney on Monday that they are also stepping away from that production .
“ We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention , ” the spokesperson said . “ ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment . While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show , we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct . ”
`` I 've been communicating through negativity . '' Gabrielle Union admits they are a hater !
Jada Pinkett Smith and Gabrielle Union talk about their 17 year old feud . Will they finally make ammends ?
BRIEF-Pixela says Oak Capital increases voting power to 14 pct
* Says Oak Capital Corporation increased voting power in the co to 14 percent ( 5 million shares ) , from 5.4 percent ( 1.7 million shares )
Rachel Crooks speaks at a news conference , Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 , in New York to discuss their accusations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump . The women , who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election , called for a congressional investigation into Trump 's alleged behavior . ( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan ) Jessica Leds speaks at a news conference , Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 , in New York to discuss their accusations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump . The women , who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election , called for a congressional investigation into Trump 's alleged behavior . ( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan ) Jessica Leeds , left , and Samantha Holvey attend a news conference , Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 , in New York to discuss their accusations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump . The women , who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election , were holding the news conference to call for a congressional investigation into Trump 's alleged behavior . ( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan ) Rachel Crooks , left , Jessica Leeds , center , and Samantha Holvey attend a news conference , Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 , in New York to discuss their accusations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump . The women , who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election , called for a congressional investigation into Trump 's alleged behavior . ( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan )
WASHINGTON | Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories on NBC 's “ Megyn Kelly Today . ”
Jessica Leeds , Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades .
The White House called the claims false and “ totally disputed in most cases. ” It said “ the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes . ”
One of the accusers , Rachel Crooks , called the White House statement “ laughable . ”
Crooks said of sexual misconduct : “ I think politicians seem to be immune to this . ”
Holvey described the pain the women felt after Trump 's victory . “ We are private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there , to try to show America who this man is , and especially how they view women , for them to say , ‘ Meh , we do n't care , ' it hurt . ”
The women , who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election , were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump 's alleged behavior . They cited the recent revelations of sexual misconduct by prominent men in business , media and politics , for their decision to speak out publicly against Trump once again .
“ The environment 's different , ” Holvey said . “ Let 's try again . ”
The `` live '' playoffs are tonight and Tuesday on `` The Voice '' ( 7 p.m. , NBC/Ch . 5 ) — and , while we do n't know which night will feature a performance by 14-year-old Provo girl Aaliyah Rose , we know that they definitely will be performing . It did n't appear that way for a moment during the knockouts round , when Gwen Stefani chose Brennley Brown — a singer they had `` stolen '' from Blake Shelton 's team — as the winner of their knockout-round showdown with Rose . But Shelton turned around and `` stole '' Rose , adding them to their team . Of course , this being the Mountain Time Zone , we wo n't be seeing this live . Sigh . Elsewhere on TV ... • `` Kevin Can Wait '' ( 7 p.m. , CBS/Ch . 2 ) : Donna promises Kevin she 'll send them to the Mets Fantasy Camp if they lower their cholesterol . • `` Antiques Roadshow '' ( 7 p.m. , PBS/Ch . 7 ) : The third of three episodes filmed in Salt Lake City features Watson & Crick-signed `` Double Helix '' books ; art deco jewelry ; and a Japanese Arita porcelain vase . • `` Dancing with the Stars '' ( 7 p.m. , ABC/Ch . 4 ) : The competition continues . • `` The Voice '' ( 7 p.m. , NBC/Ch . 5 ) : The live playoffs begin . • `` 24 : Legacy '' ( 7 p.m. , Fox/Ch . 13 ) : In the season finale , things go pretty much exactly as you 'd expect — which is why this has been such a disappointment . • `` Man with a Plan '' ( 7:30 p.m. , CBS/Ch . 2 ) : Adam tries to protect their brother 's feelings when a client does n't want Don at a big meeting . • `` Superior Donuts '' ( 8 p.m. , CBS/Ch . 2 ) : Franco moonlights as Fawz 's assistant to make extra money . • `` APB '' ( 8 p.m. , Fox/Ch . 13 ) : Gideon 's life is threatened ; Murphy discovers the reason why Gideon is in danger . • `` American Dad '' ( 8 p.m. , TBS ) : Steve and their friends take up witchcraft to gain power and popularity at school . • `` 2 Broke Girls '' ( 8:30 p.m. , CBS/Ch . 2 ) : The women prepare for the premiere of the film about Caroline 's life . ( Season finale ) • `` Angie Tribeca '' ( 8:30 p.m. , TBS ) : Tribeca heads to New Orleans to catch the killer before they strike again . • `` Scorpion '' ( 9 p.m. , CBS/Ch . 2 ) : The team tries to save scientists trapped inside a failing bio-dome designed for Mars . • `` Quantico '' ( 9 p.m. , ABC/Ch . 4 ) : Alex leads an operation to expose the collaborators ' plans to damage the president 's reputation . • `` Taken '' ( 9 p.m. , NBC/Ch . 5 ) : The ODNI assists an Israeli spy whose own agency is out to kill them • `` Baby Daddy '' ( 9:30 p.m. , Freeform ) : Ben whisks Riley away for a hike to give them a break from an overprotective Danny . • `` Bates Motel '' ( 11 p.m. , A & E ) : Norman 's legal problems worsen ; Romero begins their plan for revenge . • `` Better Call Saul '' ( 11 p.m. , AMC ) : Jimmy and Kim hire an assistant ; Mike seeks a mysterious acquaintance ; Chuck uses the law to stick it to Jimmy .
Share This Article
Senators voted in favor of Senator Mike Crapo 's amendment to a bill that censures Iran over its ballistic missile program .
— Rob Portman ( @ senrobportman ) June 14 , 2017
​The sanctions mark a rare bipartisan effort in the Senate . The new measures achieve three goals championed by Democrat Chuck Schumer of New York . Schumer wanted to codify existing sanctions into law , usher in further punitive measures for ‘ Russian meddling ' in the recent presidential elections , and provide Congress with a procedure for reviewing the lifting of the sanctions . With the last measure , Schumer locked in Congress ' ability to prevent Trump from unilaterally lifting sanctions .
The move is seen by multiple political analysts as a concession for Democrats who , in exchange for bundling Iran and Russia sanctions into one bill , will roll over and play dead when Republicans try to jam through a secretive repeal and replace bill for the Affordable Care Act ( a.k.a . Obamacare ) .
— Kirsten Gillibrand ( @ SenGillibrand ) June 13 , 2017
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the Senate this week that new measures against Moscow could jeopardize Russia 's willingness to engage a dialogue on reaching a political resolution in Syria .
The bill still must pass the House of Representatives before it goes to President Donald Trump 's desk .
​More details to follow .
May 2 Bovis Homes Group Plc :
* 90.13 percent of votes cast at agm in favour of approval of directors ' remuneration report , 9.87 percent of votes cast against
* 97.05 percent of votes cast at agm in favour of approval of directors ' remuneration policy , 2.95 percent of votes cast against Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 80 6749 1136 )
Credit : Quesse Christmas FB page
There 's no better way to celebrate the holidays than a night out ! Grab your ugly sweaters and head over to Frosty 's , Chicago 's hottest Christmas pop-up bar The bar is open Wednesday – Sunday from 6pm to 4am all the way up to Christmas Eve . Grab your tickets here .
Four dead in murder-suicide in Lexington County
A mother and their two young children died over the New Year 's weekend of apparent gunshot wounds in Lexington County in what authorities say was a murder-suicide . A fourth person who also died is the father of the children , according to the Lexington County Coroner 's Office .
A part of the declassified version Intelligence Community Assessment on Russia 's efforts to interfere with the U.S. political process is photographed in Washington , Friday , Jan. 6 , 2017 . Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the American presidential election in favor of electing Donald Trump , according to the report issued by U.S. intelligence agencies . The unclassified version was the most detailed public account to date of Russian efforts to interfere with the U.S. political process , with actions that included hacking into the email accounts of the Democratic National Committee and individual Democrats like Hillary Clinton 's campaign chairperson John Podesta . ( AP Photo/Jon Elswick )
Crusader Resident Swede
Join Date : Sep 2005 Location : Märsta , Sweden Posts : 6,443
Re : Why win or lose on Sunday 2016 was a * success I am annoyingly positive so I like that article .
I agree with most everything in it . We have a much better core than we have had the last couple of years and I am cautiously optimistic about the draft now with Ireland onboard . If we could pull another one like this year 's we would be in pretty decent shape .
Researchers are developing an innovative approach for the treatment of a rare autoimmune disease of the peripheral nervous system , using a type of molecular sponge consisting of carbohydrates to remove pathogenic antibodies from the bloodstream . Developed to treat anti-MAG neuropathy , the approach also has potential applications for the treatment of other autoimmune diseases . Scientists from the University of Basel and University Hospital Basel have reported their findings in the scientific journal PNAS .
Patients with anti-MAG neuropathy predominantly suffer from sensory loss in their arms and legs , neuropathic pain , and a loss of coordination that can substantially impair mobility . Through progressive damage to the peripheral nerves , the patients become increasingly disabled in their day-to-day lives until they require full-time care .
The disease is diagnosed based on the presence of blood serum autoantibodies that bind to the myelin-associated glycoprotein ( MAG ) in the peripheral nervous system . These anti-MAG antibodies have long been recognized as the cause of the disease . Furthermore , a reduction of the antibody concentration in the blood leads to an improvement in the symptoms .
To date , no approved treatment is available that specifically targets these autoantibodies . Current therapies are directed to suppress the immune response ; they are inefficient and in some cases cause serious side effects .
Artificial molecule as a sponge
Basel-based researchers are thus working on a new treatment approach with customized synthetic glycopolymers that act like a sponge on the harmful autoantibodies . The glycopolymer mimicks the section of the MAG protein the anti-MAG antibodies are binding to .
The scientists could show in vitro that the glycopolymer neutralizes the disease-causing antibodies in patient sera and more importantly , that the anti-MAG antibodies could be effectively removed in immunized mice .
Potential for other autoimmune diseases
This new treatment method offers significant potential not only for an antigen-specific treatment of anti-MAG neuropathy but also for other antibody-mediated autoimmune diseases .
Currently , only fragmentary knowledge of the antigens in many autoimmune diseases is available . Antigen-specific therapies are therefore very difficult to develop . `` The use of our glycopolymers opens up new possibilities for the treatment of diseases where anti-glycan antibodies play a role , '' says study director Professor Beat Ernst from the Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences at the University of Basel . Examples of such diseases include multifocal motor neuropathy or Guillain-Barré syndrome .
Collaboration with spin-off
These findings are the result of a joint project between the University of Basel 's Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Polyneuron Pharmaceuticals AG , a University of Basel spin-off founded by Dr. Ruben Herrendorff , Professor Andreas Steck and Professor Beat Ernst in 2014 . The project was funded by the Commission for Technology and Innovation ( CTI ) , the Gebert Rüf Foundation , and the Neuromuscular Research Association Basel .
Polyneuron Pharmaceuticals AG is currently preparing for a clinical trial with the glycopolymer drug for the treatment of anti-MAG neuropathy .
# # #
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Sunday on CBS 's “ Face The Nation , ” Washington Post columnist Michael Gerson said once in office , President-elect Donald Trump will cause a “ constitutional crisis or have a completely incompetent presidency . ”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Gerson said , “ Well , I think pretty much even chance that we are going to have a constitutional crisis or have a completely incompetent presidency , that does n't know how to exercise power , which I think is another possibility in this circumstance . We have a White House , Donald Trump has a White House with almost no skill of governing . We have a cheif of staff who has never been in government , which is absolutely extraordinary . ”
“ He has elevated people , generals and corporate heads that have no experience in this extraordinary complex business of how you put together an administration , run a bureaucracy , produce ideas , ” they continued . “ So , I think there 's a deep concern about the possibility of overreach . But I think we should be also concerned about the possibility of an entirely ineffective government that does n't value governing experience , that does n't value , you know , what government should do and what it can do under the right circumstances . ”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @ pamkeyNEN
Study shows prevalence of painful disease has doubled since World War II , but also challenges the idea that arthritis is simply part of aging
The average American today is twice as likely to be diagnosed with knee osteoarthritis than in the years before World War II , Harvard scientists say , but that increase ca n't be blamed on the reasons most might think .
Based on the examination of more than 2,000 skeletons from cadaveric and archaeological collections across the U.S. , the Harvard study is the first to definitively show that knee osteoarthritis prevalence has dramatically increased in recent decades . The research also upends the popular belief that knee osteoarthritis is a wear-and-tear disease that is widespread today simply because more people are living longer and are more commonly obese . The study is described in a paper published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
`` Before this study , it was assumed without having been tested that the prevalence of knee osteoarthritis has changed over time , '' said Ian Wallace , the study 's first author and a post-doctoral fellow in the lab of Daniel Lieberman , the Edwin M. Lerner II Professor of Biological Sciences and senior author of the study . `` We were able to show , for the first time , that this pervasive cause of pain is actually twice as common today than even in the recent past . But the even bigger surprise is that it 's not just because people are living longer or getting fatter , but for other reasons likely related to our modern environments . ''
Understanding the disease , Wallace and Lieberman said , is important not only because it is extremely prevalent today , affecting an estimated one-third of Americans over age 60 , but also because it is responsible for more disability than almost any other musculoskeletal disorder .
`` Understanding the origins of knee osteoarthritis is an urgent challenge because the disease is almost entirely untreatable apart from joint replacement , and once someone has knee osteoarthritis , it creates a vicious circle , '' Lieberman said . `` People become less active , which can lead to a host of other problems , and their health ends up declining at a more rapid rate . ''
Wallace and Lieberman think that this study has the potential to shift the popular perception of knee osteoarthritis as an inevitable consequence of aging , and instead focus on efforts to prevent the disease - much like we now do with heart disease .
`` There are a lot of well-understood risk factors for heart disease , so doctors can advise their patients to do certain things to decrease their chances of getting it , '' Lieberman said . `` We think knee osteoarthritis belongs in the same category because it 's evidently more preventable than commonly assumed . But to prevent the disease more work needs to be done to figure out its causes . ''
To do that , Wallace and Lieberman are currently addressing the question of the etiology of knee osteoarthritis from a variety of methodological approaches including studies of living human populations and animal models , but their first goal was to figure out how ancient the disease actually is , and whether it really is on the rise .
`` There are famous examples in the fossil record of individuals , even Neanderthals , with osteoarthritis , '' Lieberman said . `` But we thought , let 's look at the data , because nobody had really done that in a comprehensive way before . ''
To find those data , Wallace undertook the daunting task of crisscrossing the country to examine thousands of skeletons spanning more than 6,000 years of human history to search for evidence of eburnation - a tell-tale sign of osteoarthritis .
`` When your cartilage erodes away , and two bones that comprise a joint come into direct contact , they rub against each other causing a glass-like polish to develop , '' Wallace said . `` That polish , called eburnation , is so clear and obvious that we can use it to very accurately diagnose osteoarthritis in skeletal remains . ''
The data Wallace collected was combined with analyses from other contributors to the study , making this the largest sample ever studied of older-aged individuals from three broad time periods - prehistoric times , early industrial times ( mainly the 1800s ) , and the modern post-industrial era .
`` The most important comparison is between the early industrial and modern samples , '' Lieberman said . `` Because we had data on each individual 's age , sex , body weight , ethnicity , and in many cases , their occupation and cause of death , we were able to correct for a number of factors that we considered important covariates . So using careful statistical methods , we are able to say that if you were born after World War II you have approximately twice the likelihood of getting knee osteoarthritis at a given age or BMI than if you were born earlier . ''
Wallace and Lieberman are now working to identify what factors may be behind the increase , and said the evolutionary approach to the study is a critical part of that ongoing work .
`` Epidemiology typically looks at large cohorts of individuals living today to search for associations between a disease and risk factors , '' Lieberman said . `` That 's a powerful and valuable method , but it has one critical imitation , which is that the world today is different in many ways from the world in the past , hiding important risk factors that are either no longer prevalent or have become ubiquitous . An evolutionary perspective opens new opportunities to test for associations we might not be able to study in populations like modern day America . ''
That perspective , Wallace and Lieberman said , allows researchers to zero in on specific things that changed pre- to post-World War II , and understand how they might contribute to the rise in knee osteoarthritis prevalence .
`` This is an example of how evolutionary thinking can contribute to our understanding of what causes certain diseases , '' Wallace said . `` We identified the post-war period as a critical time ... and it 's only with an evolutionary perspective that we gain that insight . ''
Ultimately , Wallace and Lieberman hope their study inspires new research to prevent knee osteoarthritis .
`` Knee osteoarthritis is not a necessary consequence of old age . We should think of this as a partly preventable disease , '' Lieberman said . `` Would n't it be great if people could live to be 60 , 70 or 80 and never get knee osteoarthritis in the first place ? Right now , our society is barely focusing on prevention in any way , shape or form , so we need to redirect more interest toward preventing this and other so-called diseases of aging . ''
# # #
This research was supported with funding from the Hintze Family Charitable Foundation and the American School of Prehistoric Research ( Harvard University ) .
By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller .
Related : Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015 , claiming they were fired after false allegations that they groped the singer at an event in 2013 . Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery .
“ Taylor Swift did not act improperly , ” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver , according to the New York Times . Martínez said Mueller offered , “ insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when they reported an assault they truly believed happened . ”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case , the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants , Swift 's mother , Andrew Swift , and Frank Bell ( one of Swift 's managers ) . Swift 's countersuit will also continue .
Closing arguments are expected today .
April 6 Digital Bros SpA :
* Unit 505 Games grants exclusive rights on Chinese market for the video game `` Portal Knights '' for PC and mobile versions - except for PC Steam - to Guangzhou Duoyi Network Co Ltd ( Duoyi )
* The agreement provides for 50 pct royalty and the payment of a licensing fee and minimum guarantee
* Duoyi will also develop a new version of Portal Knights that Duoyi and 505 Games will distribute for the Greater China market and the rest of the world , respectively
* Duoyi is a Chinese game company and an internet enterprise Source text : www.1info.it Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
SEAT shocked ( pun intended ) us a few months ago at the Geneva Motor Show where out of nowhere it unveiled the Cupra e-Racer . Billed as being the world 's first electric touring car , the zero-emissions racing machine is actually not badged as a SEAT since it belongs to the new standalone Cupra brand of the Spanish marque . Following its world premiere at the Swiss show , the interesting EV has traveled to Zagreb in Croatia to conduct its very first track test .
As a refresher , the not-a-SEAT Cupra e-Racer has a continuous power output of 300 kilowatts ( 402 horsepower ) , but the peak power can hit an impressive 670 hp ( 500 kW ) . While the regular Cupra Leon can be had either with a front- or an all-wheel-drive layout , the hardcore track-only electric model adopts a RWD configuration .
Get acquainted with the Cupra e-Racer : Cupra e-Racer Live From Geneva Motor Show
The major switch from a combustion engine to an entirely electric powertrain has added more than 661 pounds ( 300 kilograms ) of weight compared to the regular Leon TCR and has changed the weight distribution from 60:40 front/rear to 40:60 . Despite being a lot heavier , the new Cupra e-Racer is insanely quick , needing a mere 3.5 seconds until 65 mph ( 105 kph ) and hitting 125 mph ( 201 kph ) from a standstill in just 8.2 seconds .
On the occasion of the race car 's first track test , Cupra has dropped some interesting preliminary details about the battery pack . It consists of 6,072 round cell batteries , which represent the equivalent of 9,000 mobile phone batteries . These will have enough juice to allow the e-Racer take part in the newly established E-TCR ( Electric Touring Car Races ) .
The data obtained during the test in Croatia – which delivered “ very optimistic results ” - will be put to good use into fine-tuning the car to have it ready in time for its competitive debut .
Source : Cupra
March 19 ( UPI ) -- President Donald Trump on Monday signed an executive order blocking U.S. transactions involving cryptocurrency issued by or on behalf of the Venezuelan government .
`` All transactions related to , provision of financing for , and other dealings in , by a United States person or within the United States , any digital currency , digital coin , or digital token , that was issued by , for , or on behalf of the government of Venezuela on or after Jan. 9 , 2018 , are prohibited as of the effective date of this order , '' the executive order reads .
Senior administration officials said the order was effective at 12:15 p.m. EDT Monday so any U.S. individual or entity that has invested in the petro -- the Venezuelan cryptocurrency -- would be unable to sell it or use it henceforth .
The executive order comes more than three months after President Nicolas Maduro 's government created petro , a cryptocurrency backed by the country 's oil reserves and other natural resources . The Venezuelan president said petro would `` help defeat the financial blockade and move toward new forms of international financing for the economic and social development of the country . ''
`` The petro is a desperate effort by a corrupt regime to defraud international investors , '' a senior administration official told reporters . `` Investing in the petro should be viewed as directly supporting this dictatorship . ''
Venezuela is embroiled in a financial crisis that has seen skyrocketing inflation and a scarcity of basic goods like food and medicines . Meanwhile , the Maduro regime has been accused of human rights violations in crackdowns on opposition figures and protesters .
Over the past several months , the United States has sanctioned multiple Venezuelan officials for election irregularities and corruption .
Monday 's order coincides with the implementation of new sanctions against four Venezuelan officials , the U.S. Treasury announced . Senior administration officials said the four individuals are not specifically related to the establishment of the petro in Venezuela .
The Treasury Department issued new sanctions on :
-- William Antonio Contreras , vice minister of internal commerce in the Ministry of Popular Power of Economy and Finance , and national superintendent for the Defense of Socioeconomic Rights
-- Nelson Reinaldo Lepaje Salazar , head of the Office of the National Treasury
-- Americo Alex Mata Garcia , alternate director on the board of directors of the National Bank of Housing and Habitat , former vice minister of agricultural economics and former president of the Agricultural Bank of Venezuela
-- Carlos Alberto Rotondaro Cova , former president of the board of directors of the Venezuelan Institute of Social Security .
A senior administration official said the Trump administration was still considering whether a ban on Venezuelan oil would be an effective sanction on the country because it would have a strong impact on the U.S. economy .
`` We do n't take a decision like that lightly , '' they said .
The official said ongoing pressure on Venezuela aims to prompt the Maduro regime to `` take concrete steps ... to alleviate human suffering . ''
April 24 ( UPI ) -- New research suggests climate change is n't the main driver of human displacement in East Africa .
Researchers have previously suggested climate change could inspire an increase in human conflict as heat waves and prolonged droughts tax the ability of land to provide food and water . While such a scenario remains possible -- even likely -- new research showed rising temperatures and prolonged droughts during the last half-century were n't the primary drivers of conflict in East Africa .
`` Our research suggests that socio-political factors are the primary cause while climate change is a threat multiplier , '' Mark Maslin , a professor of geography at University College London , said in a news release .
Analysis showed population growth , slow economic growth or recession and political instability were the three strongest predictors of conflict . However , researchers found droughts amplified the negative impact of these socio-political factors .
When population growth or economic stagnation coincided with a prolonged drought , researchers measured greater levels of human displacement . In 2016 , 20 million Africans were forced from their homes , a third of all global human displacement .
Scientists used advanced statistical models to tease out relationships between climate , socio-political unrest and displacement .
While socio-political factors proved the strongest predictors of total displacement and conflict in East Africa , researchers found a strong correlation between heat waves and droughts and the number of refugees , those forced to move across international borders .
`` The question remains as to whether drought would have exacerbated the refugee situation in East Africa had there been slower expansion of population , positive economic growth and more stable political regimes in the region , '' said Erin Owain , first author of the study published this week in the journal Palgrave Communications .
`` Our research suggests that the fundamental cause of conflict and displacement of large numbers of people is the failure of political systems to support and protect their people , '' said Maslin .
While economic growth and political stability could help curb the negative impacts of climate change on human populations , scientists still expect global warming to make some parts of the world uninhabitable . Extreme heat and prolonged droughts could displace millions in North Africa and the Middle East .
It 's also possible climate change will encourage economic stagnation in developing countries and nations more vulnerable to conflict . Previous research has shown climate change is shifting natural resources from poorer countries to wealthier countries , from the tropics toward the poles .
Two Oahu children are star struck time and time again .
Jaeden Yoro , 11 , and 10-year-old Shayla Shimabukuro are best friends and have met hundreds of celebrities and athletes while collecting autographs .
The pair have pictures with Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson , Auli ' i Cravalho , Mariah Carey , Max Holloway , and dozens more .
Shimabukuro said they share the same passion for Hollywood hunting with their parents .
“ My dad used to send notes to the celebrities and get the autographs , ” Shimabukuro said . “ Then later on , they met Jaeden 's mom on Facebook and we started chasing autographs with them . ”
A post shared by Island_stars808 ( @ island_stars808 ) on Mar 2 , 2017 at 6:47pm PST
Jaeden said they have been chasing autographs since they were 4 years old .
The two meet stars at the Honolulu airport and hotels around the islands as celebrities come to film and visit Hawaii .
Just this past weekend , they met Chris Pratt while they were on their way to film “ Jurassic Park 2 . ”
Yoro suggests to anyone wanting to collect autographs to “ do your homework ” before meeting the stars . But , the key to their success is locked away .
A post shared by Katz Yoro ( @ 808_starchaserz ) on Jun 11 , 2017 at 12:08am PDT
“ It 's a little secret , ” Shimabukuro said . “ We do n't want to tell anyone . We want to keep it a secret . ”
While they may be reluctant to share their secret , both kids share their experiences on social media .
The ultimate goal ? To meet Bruno Mars . The pair want to grow their list of celeb-sightings for years to come .
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now . All rights reserved
The Capitol Center , left , is the tallest building in Columbia at 348 feet tall . It sold last week for $ 43 million . The Tower at Main and Gervais , which sold in August , is 226 feet tall . Tracy Glantz tglantz @ thestate.com
A boy herds sheep near damaged buildings in the rebel-held besieged city of Douma , in the eastern Damascus suburb of Ghouta , Syria , on Sunday ( Reuters photo )
ASTANA — Kazakhstan said Tuesday that a new round of Astana talks on the Syria conflict led by Russia , Turkey and Iran will take place behind closed doors , as the make-up of any rebel delegation remained unclear .
The `` closed format '' negotiations are set to start Wednesday in the Kazakh capital some three weeks after representatives from Damascus and the armed opposition failed to make a breakthrough at indirect talks in the city .
Meanwhile , Jordan will also be represented by a `` high level delegation '' , Government Spokesperson and Minister of State for Media Affairs Mohammad Momani said .
The meeting — pushed by key regime supporter Moscow — is viewed as a warm-up for UN-led negotiations on the protracted war that are due to begin in Geneva on February 23 .
While Kazakh officials said they invited both the Syrian government and rebels for the new talks , several of the regime opponents who took part in the previous Astana talks told AFP that they have not received invitations .
Damascus has confirmed it will be represented again by its ambassador to the UN , Bashar Al Jaafari .
Russia is sending presidential envoy Alexander Lavrentiev while Iran said it is dispatching Deputy Foreign Minister Hossein Jaberi Ansari .
UN envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura said they would not participate personally in the latest Astana meeting but that their office would be represented by a `` technical team '' .
The Astana initiative has left the West on the sidelines of the latest push to end the war in Syria that has claimed more than 300,000 lives since 2011 .
Moscow has invited the US to participate as an observer but the State Department has yet to confirm Washington will be involved .
Talks are likely to focus on bolstering a shaky ceasefire on the ground after Moscow , Tehran and Ankara agreed to establish a `` mechanism '' aimed at ensuring the truce .
Russia and Iran have helped turn the tables on the ground with their military backing for President Bashar Assad , while Turkey has supported rebels fighting to oust the strongman .
Posted by admin on April 18 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Liberty gets stylish new bandages every two weeks , at each vet visit , as they recover . Christi Fauver Courtesy
On June 5 , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Bahrain and the UAE cut diplomatic ties with Qatar , citing Doha 's alleged support of terrorism . Several other countries , including Chad and Senegal , recalled their ambassadors from Doha , while Jordan and Djibouti said they would lower their level of diplomatic contact with Qatar .
And it appears that Russia , which does not take sides in this conflict , may become one of the mediators to help resolve this row between Qatar and other Arab states , according to Elena Suponina , advisor to the head of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies .
`` The United States is clearly inclined to support Saudi Arabia in this crisis . The US ambassador to Qatar recently resigned as they did not agree with this policy , '' they told RIA Novosti , pointing out that previously the US sought to maintain cordial relations with the Arab states of the Persian Gulf without openly taking sides .
Russia however managed to establish good relations with both Saudi Arabia and Qatar , as well as with other countries in the region , in contrast with the current approach adopted by the US leadership .
`` Therefore , Moscow may actually play the role of a mediator in this crisis due to its neutrality . Russia is not interested in escalating tensions in the Persian Gulf region as it may have a negative impact on attempts to peacefully resolve the Syrian crisis , '' they added .
At the same time , Suponina pointed out , Russia is well aware that it can not be the only intermediary in this situation , which is why Moscow seeks to coordinate its efforts with countries like Turkey , Kuwait and Oman that also seek a peaceful resolution to this crisis .
Vitaly Naumkin , Director of the Russian Academy of Sciences ' Institute of Oriental Studies , also remarked that Russia may help resolve this difficult situation without directly interfering in this conflict , as Moscow shares common interests with virtually all of the countries involved in this row .
`` Considering the developing relations between Russia and the Persian Gulf states , as well as with Egypt and Jordan , Moscow will likely maintain an equidistant stance towards the sides of this conflict , '' they said .
Also , Vladimir Sotnikov of the Russian Academy of Sciences ' Institute of Oriental Studies also pointed out that a somewhat similar situation occurred in 2010 when several Arab states severed relations with Qatar but after a couple of months things returned back to normal .
`` I believe that this severance of relations may be an attempt by certain Arab countries to bring pressure to Qatar… It might even be an attempt to pressure Qatar by some of our Western partners who have their own interests in the region , '' they said .
The extremely bizarre animated GIF is an audio illusion which shows a large electrical pylon jumping rope , yet even though the animation is completely silent , every time the pylon hits the ground in the animation , many people can almost swear they hear a ‘ thud ' .
University of Glasgow psychologist Dr Lisa DeBruine posted the animation on Twitter and surveyed around 14000 people asking whether they could hear something , and over 75 % of the participants to perceive some sort of sound .
The reason for this according to Dr Bruine is that the ear has an acoustic reflex , which is a defensive reaction that is designed to protect your hearing by anticipating when a very loud sound is about to occur .
NBA Draft » The first five picks are mostly set . After that ? It could get wild
With the NBA draft a little over a week away , the top five picks of the lottery are pretty much set , even if the order is n't .
After that , as is the case with most drafts , it becomes a bit of a mystery . Teams send out smokescreens in the media . They hold private workouts . They make promises behind the scenes . Anything to throw off the scent of the people they truly like .
This is a deep draft , one full of point guards and big men . It 's a draft that should yield viable talents well into the second round . It 's a draft that could have twists and turns , and teams trading up and down .
Makinzy Herzog of Ridge Point was voted the Most Valuable Player of District 20 6A for the second consecutive year .
Herzog led the Panthers to first place in the district with a 14-0 record . They have committed to play with the Florida State Seminoles next year .
“ I 'm extremely honored to be voted MVP of the district . I 've enjoyed my time here playing for Ridge Point . Thanks to my team for helping me get to this point , ” Herzog said . “ I 'm ready and excited to go compete at the next level ! ”
Ridge Point coach James McClanahan was voted Coach of the Year , also for the second consecutive year , and Rachel Ybarra of Travis was voted Newcomer of the Year .
The 20 6A All-District first team :
Infielders :
Lauryn Banks , 12 , Ridge Point
Abby Odneal , 12 , Ridge Point
Shaina Amir , 12 , Travis
Skie Villani , 12 , Travis
Keagan Goldwait , 12 , Clements
Lauren Harris , 12 , Austin
Outfielders
Maggie Darr , 10 , Ridge Point
Danie Garrison , 12 , Ridge Point
Madysin Leighton , 10 , Travis
Emily Kraynek , 11 , Clements
Star Ferguson , 11 , Kempner
Utility
Myra Goodman , 10 , Clements
Payton Jackson , 11 , Ridge Point
The 20 6A All-District second team
Pitcher
Natalya Cuevas , 10 , Austin
Infielders
Sarah Metzer , 12 , Dulles
Noemi Cortez , 11 , Travis
Tamera McKnight , 11 , Ridge Point
Taylor Soanes , 11 , Ridge Point
Jessalyn Shipley , 9 , Austin
Madison Wickliffe , 10 , Clements
Outfielders
Audrey Fong , 11 , Dulles
Morgan Westbrook , 10 , Austin
Sydney Carter , 11 , Austin
Riann Ruiz , 10 , Travis
Utility
Carissa Cedillo , 11 , Travis
Kate Dycha , 10 , Ridge Point
The District 23 5A All-District Team
First Team
Infielders
Dani Davis , Elkins
Outfielders
Deija Russell , Elkins
Designated Hitter
Mira Hickle , Elkins
Catcher
Sydney Benefield , Elkins
Utility
Destiny Richmond , Willowridge
Honorable Mention
Mya Walker , Willowridge
Tynesha Willis , Willowridge
Paige Kram , Elkins
Kassidi Davis , Elkins
Rhonda Bullard , Marshall
Lethal Weapon co-lead Clayne Crawford is speaking out in the wake of reports that their hostile work behavior could lead to the Fox drama 's premature cancellation . In a lengthy statement posted on Instagram , the Rectify alum called Monday 's headlines “ incredibly distressing , ” before going on to detail a pair of incidents that led studio Warner Bros. to reprimand him .
Read Crawford 's full statement below :
“ It is true that I have been reprimanded twice during the past two seasons of ‘ Lethal Weapon . ' The first reprimand was because I reacted with anger over working conditions that did not feel safe or conducive to good work under the leadership of a guest director and assistant director , who , in turn , were angry at my response . I met with human resources , I apologized for my part of the conflict , and I completed studio appointed therapy in October . I even shared a sizeable portion of my paycheck with one of the parties involved , per the instruction of the studio .
The second reprimand happened just a few weeks ago during the episode I was directing . An actor on set felt unsafe because a piece of shrapnel from an effect hit him . It was an unfortunate event that happened in spite of all precautions and procedures being followed . I take responsibility for the incident , because I was in charge of the set . I absolutely love , respect , and care for my crew and cast and would never intentionally jeopardize so many jobs . Moreover , I love the process of filmmaking and television . I appreciate and respect the work of everyone involved . It takes a village , and I am incredibly sorry if my passion for doing good work has ever made anyone feel less than comfortable on set or feel less than celebrated for their efforts . Furthermore , I apologize to all the crew and cast for any negative attention ‘ Lethal Weapon ' is receiving because of these incidents .
I take great pride in treating everyone in life with dignity and kindness . I am very grateful for my job , and I work extremely hard at it . I have a responsibility to do good work for my coworkers , my family , and my home state , and most especially for the fans . I hope they will stick with me and stick with the show . ”
Reps for Warner Bros. and Fox once again declined comment .
Forgive my delayed response . # truth A post shared by Clayne Crawford ( @ claynecrawford ) on Apr 24 , 2018 at 12:53pm PDT
“ Apple Inc is pushing back on shareholder proposals on climate issue and human rights concerns , an effort activists worry could sharply restrict investor rights , ” Ross Kerber reports for Reuters . “ In letters to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission last month , an attorney for the California computer maker argued at least four shareholder proposals relate to ‘ ordinary business ' and therefore can be left off the proxy Apple is expected to publish early next year , ahead of its annual meeting . ”
“ While companies routinely seek permission to skip shareholder proposals , Apple 's application of the new SEC guidance shows how it could be used to ignore many investor proposals by claiming boards routinely review those areas , said Sanford Lewis , a Massachusetts attorney representing Apple shareholders who had filed two of the resolutions , ” Kerber reports . “ Were the SEC to side with Apple , ‘ this would be an incredibly dangerous precedent that would essentially say a great many proposals could be omitted , ' Lewis said . ”
“ Often seen as distractions in the past , shareholder measures have taken on new significance as big asset managers increasingly back those on areas like climate change or board diversity , ” Kerber reports . “ These include calls for Apple to take steps such as establishing a ‘ human rights committee ' to address concerns on topics like censorship , and for Apple to report on its ability to cut greenhouse gas emissions . ”
Read more in the full article here .
She 's only 20 years old , but their determination to do good for their community is admirable trait for a person of any age . Them smiling face is usually the first thing to greet you when walk up to the adoption counter .
Chinese flag waves in front of the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , October 29 , 2015 . REUTERS/Jason Lee
BEIJING China will punish companies if they are found to be reporting fraudulent trade data , the customs administration said on Tuesday , as it published details on enforcement of a credit system for foreign trade firms .
Companies considered `` discredited '' may be subject to more stringent inspections when applying for government tax rebates , or see an impact on their import or export quotas , while company representatives may be restricted from traveling abroad .
`` Only when discredited firms pay a high economic price can measures create the effect where firms 'dare not to be dishonest and can not be dishonest ' , '' said a statement from the General Administration of Customs .
Measures announced by the customs administration and 33 government departments will punish companies for various infractions including smuggling goods , tax avoidance , fraudulent company registration information and fake trade data , said customs bureau vice minister Li Guo .
`` In order to combat false trade data , these joint disciplinary measures will be applied to companies that report fake trade data , which leads to statistical distortions , '' said Li at a news conference .
Analysts say Chinese firms have used fake trade invoices as a way to move money offshore and avoid China 's strict capital controls .
The government has tightened oversight of cross border capital flows in recent years as accelerating outflows contributed to a weakening yuan , which fell 6.5 percent against the U.S. dollar last year .
Li declined to comment on the fake invoicing phenomenon when asked by reporters on Tuesday .
( Reporting by Elias Glenn ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
Justin and I are so excited to finally share our wedding details ! Check them out on vogue.com ! Link in bio ( 📸 @ ktmerry )
A post shared by Kate Upton ( @ kateupton ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 10:19am PST
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Viking Therapeutics Inc :
* VIKING THERAPEUTICS ANNOUNCES PRICING OF $ 55.0 MILLION PUBLIC OFFERING OF COMMON STOCK
* VIKING THERAPEUTICS INC - PRICING OF ITS PUBLIC OFFERING OF 11 MILLION SHARES OF ITS COMMON STOCK AT A PRICE TO PUBLIC OF $ 5.00 PER SHARE Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Kris Wolf will be making their first AWS Women 's Championship title defense against Scarlett Bordeaux in Osaka , Japan . The match will take place on Stardom 's show on December 22nd at Osaka City Higashinari Kumin Center .
Kris Wolf defeated Nicole Savoy for the AWS title at December 2nd 's AWS ' Again No Presents for Christmas : Final Battle , ending Nicole Savoy 's 434 day reign as champion . This will mark the second time the AWS Women 's Championship has been defended in Japan . Hudson Envy defended the title against Cheerleader Melissa on July 19 , 2015 , also in Osaka .
This will also mark the first time a Southern California based championship will be defended in Japan since Twisted Sisterz ( Thunder Rosa and Holidead ) defended Vendetta Pro 's International Tag-Team titles against Queen 's Quest ( HZK and Momo Watanabe ) at Stardom 's December 22 , 2016 show at Tokyo 's Korakuen Hall .
The AWS Women 's Championship was created in 2009 and was first awarded to Candice LeRae when they defeated Erica D'Erico and Morgan in the finals of the first AWS Women 's Tournament . The title was regularly defended throughout 2009 and 2010 , but was largely inactive after Christina Von Eerie won the title for a second time on March 21 , 2010 . Between March 2010 and March 22 , 2014 the title was only defended 6 times . Hudson Envy would win the title on March 22 , 2014 and made 12 successful title defenses in their 917 day reign , by far the most defenses by any wrestler .
Nicole Savoy won the title from Hudson Envy on September 24 , 2016 , but due to injury was not able to make a title defense until July 29 , 2017 . In total Nicole Savoy had 2 successful title defenses .
While Kris Wolf will be making their first title defense in Japan , it has not yet been announced when they will be making their return to AWS to defend the title .
Stardom 's December 22nd show in Osaka , including the AWS Women 's Championship match , will be made available on Stardom 's streaming service , Stardom World .
BERLIN/PARIS Europe 's aviation regulator voiced concern on Wednesday over the risk of battery fires in the cargo holds of passenger planes after U.S. and British authorities banned certain electronics from passenger cabins despite U.S. assurances that its agency had been thoroughly briefed on the proper handling of electronics .
The European Aviation Safety Agency , which is responsible for safe flying in 32 countries , said personal electronic devices ( PED ) carried a fire risk due to their lithium batteries and should preferably be carried inside passenger cabins so that any problems could be identified and dealt with .
In regard to the European agency 's concerns , the U.S. Transportation Safety Administration said it had `` coordinated closely with the FAA '' ( Federal Aviation Administration ) on the logistics of the ban and that the agency had provided information to airlines regarding appropriate handling of electronics and lithium batteries .
The European agency , however , warned in a bulletin : `` When the carriage of PEDs in the cabin is not allowed , it leads to a significant increase of the number of PEDs in the cargo compartment . Certain precautions should therefore be observed to mitigate the risk of accidental fire in the cargo hold . ''
Computers in checked baggage must be completely switched off and `` well protected from accidental activation , '' it added .
The Cologne , Germany-based agency issued its guidance two weeks after the United States and Britain banned gadgets larger than a smartphone from passenger cabins on flights from certain countries because of security concerns .
The European safety recommendation is not mandatory , but is likely to rekindle a debate about the new rules , which some airline chiefs have criticised as inconsistent or ineffective .
A group representing 38,000 European pilots said last week it was `` seriously concerned '' about the ban , on the grounds that it could create new safety risks .
`` With current airplane cargo hold fire suppression systems , it might prove to be impossible to extinguish a lithium battery fire in the cargo hold , especially when the batteries are stored together . Therefore , any event of this nature during flight would more than likely be catastrophic , '' the European Cockpit Association said .
It is not the first time regulators have called for personal devices to be carried in the cabin , but possibly the first time such measures have clashed so directly with security considerations .
In 2015 , international regulators urged airlines to transport lithium-powered hoverboards in the cabin following reports of the popular devices catching fire . Several airlines went even further and banned them altogether , but travel experts say such a draconian ban on computers would carry little support from the industry or its lucrative business travellers .
JUGGLING RISKS
Security experts say the decision to place electronics into checked bags on U.S.-bound flights from eight Middle East or North African countries suggests Washington has intelligence that enough material can now be packed into a laptop , usually disguised as its battery , to cause catastrophic damage .
Placing such objects in checked baggage would expose them to greater screening for explosives and reduce the chances that a hidden bomb could be deliberately placed next to the cabin wall .
France has been studying whether and how to apply similar restrictions on cabin baggage , security sources say .
Last year , a suspected suicide bomber tried to blow up a Somali jetliner as it was taking off from Mogadishu by placing a computer bomb near the window . They were sucked out of the jet without causing it to crash , but the incident focussed attention on the threat of bombs hidden inside ordinary-looking gadgets .
Reuters last month reported that the rules banning many items from passenger cabins on U.S.- and Britain-bound flights would , however , force a rethink on fire safety concerns now that they were being consigned to the hold .
EASA 's warning highlights the struggle to juggle rules on safety with increasingly stringent security protections and the wider risk that rules to solve one problem can lead to another .
The FAA says such `` unintended effects '' are one of the common themes it has identified in its database on lessons learnt from past crashes .
`` The recent laptop ban on certain routes to the USA has brought into sharp relief exactly this challenge , '' said UK-based aviation consultant John Strickland .
`` Simply taking items powered by lithium batteries and stashing them in the hold is not an option unless done with sufficient attention to safety , '' they added .
Safety regulators have focussed for years on the growing headache caused by temperamental lithium-ion batteries .
In 2015 , the FAA told airlines not to let passengers pack extra lithium-ion batteries inside their checked baggage .
Airlines had already been alerted to the risk of carrying large shipments of lithium batteries as cargo after a UPS ( UPS.N ) Boeing 747 cargo jet crashed in 2010 , killing both crew .
But current FAA advice suggests it has fewer concerns than its European counterpart about the threat of fires from batteries already installed in individual passenger 's devices .
( Writing by Tim Hepher , additional reporting by Alana Wise , David Shepardson ; editing by Susan Fenton , G Crosse )
SHARE COPY LINK Quarterback Ryan Hilinski discusses their decision to commit to the South Carolina football team in an interview with Phil Kornblut and the SportsTalk radio show . ( 247Sports photo ) Dwayne McLemore
Quarterback Ryan Hilinski discusses their decision to commit to the South Carolina football team in an interview with Phil Kornblut and the SportsTalk radio show . ( 247Sports photo ) Dwayne McLemore
Publishers in Puerto Rico and VI need you
by Kirsten Ballard
Social Media and Blog Editor at the News Media Alliance
This National Newspaper Week , I 'd like to call attention to publishers in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands . The utter devastation these islands faced from Hurricane Irma and Maria is harrowing .
The newsrooms responded with bravery—staying through the storms , helping their communities and continuing to shed a light on these ravaged islands when the world was n't watching . FiveThirtyEight reported that Puerto Rico and Hurricane Maria got very little media coverage compared to Harvey or Texas .
On Tuesday , President Trump visited territory . In anticipation to their visit , El Nuevo Dia ran an editorial called ‘ United We Stand ' about the devastating storm and the sense of community that has shone through in the aftermath .
“ On September 2Oth the world we once knew disappeared , and we woke up to the ravages of María 's destruction , ” writes María Luisa Ferré Rangel , Publisher GFR Media . They continue , stating , “ When you go through this kind of devastation and come out alive , you realize there is a chance to start again and learn from your mistakes and rebuild a new self ; but divided we ca n't and alone we ca n't either . ”
The paper 's headlines are full of imperative information to readers : when aid is coming , when the airport opens , curfew information and stories of hope .
Puerto Rico and the VI need our help . We can not forget the communities or papers that serve them .
Archie Nahigian , President of the Virgin Island Daily News , wrote in to the Alliance about weathering the storms . They talked about tiles falling from the ceiling and groans of the roof . Their staff waited to see if the building would hold , but their work continued . Nahigian themselves stayed overnight at The Daily News for several days .
The Daily News lost a staffer from the Circulation Department during Hurricane Maria . They had been with the paper 15 years .
The Daily News published every day except September 7 , the day after Hurricane Irma . The internet in the office comes and goes , and the office phones are out . The lack of mail delivery impedes delivery , as well as customer payments .
Still , when disaster strikes , journalists stand strong—reporting and bringing attention to the crises . For 87 years , The Daily News has served the people of the Virgin Islands . They will not stop now .
Nahigian is not without hope . They related an anecdote of a reporter dropping off 100 papers at each of the two shelters . One day , the reporter gave a paper to a homeless man , watched them read it and then sell it to a FEMA representative .
“ That is the kind of entrepreneurial behavior that will accelerate our recovery ! ” Nahigian wrote .
Our thoughts are with these newsrooms as they rebuild and recovery . To help , consider making a donation to the Virgin Islands Daily News Community Fund at the Community Foundation of the Virgin Islands ( CFVI ) . All of its administrative costs are paid for by regular donors so every dollar contributed to this fund will go directly to meet a need . Their website is www.cfvi.net
Ottawa writer Amal El-Mohtar has returned home a conquering hero after winning a prestigious Hugo Award .
The 32-year-old author , who lives in Centretown 's Golden Triangle neighbourhood , said they were shocked to see more than a dozen friends and family members greet them with placards and balloons at the Ottawa airport Monday afternoon after their trip home from the Hugo ceremony in Finland .
The Hugo Awards , which were created in 1955 , are one of the most distinguished awards for the genre of science-fiction . The nominees and winners are chosen by members of the World Science Fiction Convention .
El-Mohtar was honoured for their short story , titled Seasons of Glass and Iron
“ This was my first Hugo nomination and my first win . It 's unbelievable , ” said el-Mohtar , adding that the attention their story has been getting from science-fiction award juries around the world has been “ mind-boggling . ”
El-Mohtar said they think the prize-winning short story has struck a chord with readers because its “ fairy tale mashup ” depicts various female characters collaborating to overcome adversaries — “ women talking to each other and rescuing each other , ” they said , defying the conventional prince-saves-damsel-in-distress narrative .
Among the congratulatory messages on one colourful poster Mondaty : “ HUGO GIRL ! ! ”
This is not the first award El-Mohtar has won for their short story . In May they won a Nebula Award for the story and has been nominated for an Aurora , which is Canada 's top sci-fi prize — which could lead to more acclaim when those awards are given out .
She 's also a finalist in the 2017 World Fantasy Awards , which are taking place in San Antonio , Texas in November . They also write poetry , essays and reviews books for NPR .
The writer holds a PhD from Carleton University and has taught creative writing at both Carleton and the University of Ottawa .
With files from Randy Boswell
oblackmore @ postmedia.com
THE long-awaited final test for lead in drinking water at Perth Children 's Hospital will happen within days — deciding the future of the plagued site .
The fate of the hospital and its planned May opening all hinges on the results of this water sampling of 304 random taps throughout the hospital .
Failure to have 95 per cent of these water samples show “ acceptable ” lead levels will force the Chief Health Officer Professor Tarun Weeramanthri to declare the hospital unfit to open — for now — pushing back an open date indefinitely .
Government officials have previously warned there was “ no coming back ” from bad test results and that pipes would have to be ripped out and replaced “ at the State 's cost ” .
Anxiety over the final testing regimen comes as Freedom of Information documents reveal Department of Health has failed to encourage all hospitals throughout WA to take part in a “ Whole of State ” lead monitoring program in the wake of the PCH lead-contamination debacle .
Emails obtained by The Sunday Times , through an FOI application , show Professor Weeramanthri and DOH 's Public Health Division water manager were concerned about water quality across all public and private health facilities .
Their concern instigated a Statewide project , requesting all hospitals to test their water and share tests results from any new and old sampling dating back to April 2013 .
DOH has admitted this week that only 10 out of 85 WA Health hospitals and facilities took part in the voluntary project . No private hospitals took part .
Testing at Royal Perth Hospital and Sir Charles Gairdner Hospital recorded “ elevated levels of lead ” .
An RPH spokesperson said there had been “ accidental contamination ” during sampling of water taken from an outlet of a pipe that was coated with old lead paint .
The pipe was subsequently repainted and further testing showed no elevated lead levels .
A spokesperson for the PCH Project Team said the CHO 's final testing regimen would take two days . This will include a water-stagnation period .
Test results will then be sent to ChemCentre for an analysis which will be given to the CHO for their “ determination ” .
“ PCH will only open following the CHO 's endorsement of the water supply , ” they said .
“ PCH remains on track to accept its first patients in May . ”
As Canada prepares for the legalization of recreational use of cannabis in October , the federal government is investing nearly $ 1 million to study effects of cannabis use on drivers .
Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness Ralph Goodale announced Tuesday that the Liberal government is providing $ 919,065 over three years to the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health ( CAMH ) for research into the impacts of cannabis on drivers ranging in age from 19 to 45 .
The research will study how increased levels of the psychoactive chemical delta9-tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , the main active ingredient in cannabis that causes the “ high ” , affects drivers , including their ability to anticipate hazards , level of risk-taking behaviour , reaction time , and position and speed on the road .
The research will also look into the differences that may exist between the ages and genders of drivers .
“ While we have known for a long time that cannabis use affects our ability to drive , more in-depth and targeted knowledge is necessary to set limits for blood concentrations of THC , ” said Health Canada research scientist Bruna Brands , who is collaborating with the CAMH on the study .
“ This research will enable us to set such limits , comparable to those which were set for alcohol several decades ago . ”
Drug-impaired driving up
According to Statistics Canada , even though drug-impaired driving is illegal in Canada and will remain illegal even after cannabis is legalized and regulated as of Oct. 17 , the number and rate for almost all drug-impaired driving violations increased in 2016 .
In total there were 3,098 drug-impaired driving violations in 2016 , 343 more than the previous year , government statistics show .
An EKOS Research poll in 2016 showed that over a quarter of Canadians ( 28 per cent ) who have used cannabis , reported having operated a vehicle while under the influence .
“ Drug-impairment is a serious concern today – it 's a major contributor to fatal road crashes , ” Goodale said in a statement .
“ To combat this potential deadly risk , the government is investing in new training and new tools for law enforcement , strengthening our laws and raising awareness about the dangers of driving while impaired by cannabis . ”
Law enforcement officers are trained to detect drug-impaired driving using Standard Field Sobriety Testing ( SFST ) and Drug Recognition Expert ( DRE ) evaluation and enforce drug-impaired driving laws , officials said .
Since July 2008 , under Canada 's Criminal Code , police can perform compulsory roadside checks and assessments , using Drug Recognition Experts , if they suspect a driver has drugs in their body . Failure to comply with the demand may result in criminal charges .
Bath Rugby produced a mixed bag in their first pre-season match of the summer as they beat Bristol 34-31 .
They fired into their hosts at Clifton RFC ; scoring five tries before Bristol fought back in the third and fourth quarters .
But who looked sharp in the first outing of the season ?
Rugby writer Daniel Evans has picked out five players who caught the eye for Bath Rugby ...
Darren Allinson
The 28-year-old scrum-half came to Bath as injury cover for Chris Cook last winter . This time , he 's back on a two-year deal and looked very sharp in the 40 minutes they played .
Their box-kicking caused the Bristol back three problems , they marshalled the forwards well but it was their intent to keep the game moving that was the most impressive .
Allinson was forever harrying and tapping penalties that came Bath 's way . That 's how they scored their try too ; dummying their way under the posts from close range .
( Image : Ian Johnson/Taking Pictures ( Sport ) Ltd )
Jack Walker
The 21-year-old is the only fit , contracted hooker at the club at the moment , so it 's just as well they started solidly .
Walker scored a try , hit all their lineouts and was involved in the tight exchanges before being replaced by Nathan Charles , who has been training with the club as injury cover .
( Image : Ian Johnson/Taking Pictures ( Sport ) Ltd )
Nick Auterac
Auterac is back . The loosehead whose last season was ruined by several injuries looks in great physical shape .
They gave Bristol 's Alex Giltrow such a torrid time in the scrums the trialist was replaced at the end of the first quarter .
Auterac also put in some crunching hits and strong carries . All in all , it was a very good first showing .
( Image : Patrick Khachfe / Onside Images )
Josh Bayliss
This could be the breakthrough season for England under-20 Bayliss , who played at openside as opposed to their preferred position of six .
Renowned for their fitness , Bayliss was almost always the first man in support when in-roads were made .
They were there when Rory Jennings made a first-half break which led to a try , and they also set-up Matt Banahan 's score when they chased a box kick which bounced Bath 's way .
( Image : Ian Johnson/Taking Pictures ( Sport ) Ltd )
Matt Garvey
To blindside carried hard and effectively , and even pulled off an audacious dummy in the first 40 minutes .
They were also heavily involved in the good catch-and-drive work which caused Bristol problems . A good first run-out for the new club captain .
Philips told us it considers itself to be , first and foremost , a high-end audio brand . We 've seen some evidence of this in its TVs , to be honest . It 's one of few firms that takes TV sound seriously , and the results are always impressive . Its iPod and MP3 docks are also usually very nice-sounding devices too , so a move in to headphones seems to make sense
And headphones are very much the accessory to be making right now . Personal audio has exploded recently , and brands like Beats Audio have proved that people are prepared to spend a pretty decent amount of money on their headphones . And that 's for headphones that do n't boast any audiophile credentials , just enough bass to destroy the Death Star .
And , if we were sceptical , we 'd say that Philips and others have noticed that people are prepared to spend silly money on headphones at the moment . This is a great time to exploit a thriving market , with decent profit margins , before the bargain-basement brands rock-up and spoil it for everyone with their ultra-low prices .
But whatever its reasons , Philips is proud of the L1 headphones , so we wanted to spend some time with them to see if the firm has come up trumps , or if these headphones are just cashing in on an expanding market .
Philips has given the L1s an over-the-ear design . This is good , because it 's by far the most comfortable design for any headphone . Were it not for the practicalities of taking a pair of full headphones out and about , this would be the preferred way to listen to music .
These headphones are incredibly comfortable , and we have found that - unlike most over-ear style cans - they do n't really make our ears uncomfortably hot , and can be worn for extended periods of time without ever feeling like they 're a drag .
They are weighty though , and a couple of times we tilted our head forward or backwards , and the headphones slipped . Keep your head level , and this is n't a problem - and it 's not much of problem anyway , to be honest .
The look great too . The headband is finished in a two-tone brown and black leather that feels sturdy and well stitched . The earpads have a sort of soft faux leather covering , and beneath that are memory foam , which Philips claims is acoustically designed not to colour your music - apparently it can make a difference - and is very comfortable too .
The headphones come with two cables in the box . One straight , the other with iPod volume controls included . They connect to a drop cable which emerges from the left headphone and has a bulky silver connector . We like the fact the main cable is replaceable , but we really do n't like that there is a hardwired cable in to the headphones . Why not make this replaceable , so if anything goes wrong you do n't have to either send the headphones back , or throw them away ?
Still , comfort-wise , the break-out cable design does n't provide any issues , and when using the headphones we never really noticed it was there . Both cables supplied are quite short , too . This is good for portable use , out and about , but bad if you want to connect the headphones to your TV , if it 's further than 1m away . You can substitute your own cable , or simply use an extension , if you 're hoping to use these with your TV .
Philips says these headphones will isolate you from external sound . We agree with this , normal room noise , like people talking and general noise , are easily excluded by these headphones and their over-ear design .
Privacy - or sound leakage - is a slightly different issue . In our tests , audio was clearly audible when they were on someone 's head . It was n't loud though , but close up , it was incredibly clear . If you put your ear to the back of one of the earphones you 'll hear the music almost as clearly - but significantly more quietly - than the person actually listening to them .
We are n't too worried about this , as these headphones do leak less than most , and the sound that does escape is more complete than most headphones . While this might give away what you 're listening to , it will also annoy people less than that high-frequency hissing you get from other headphones . But with that said , we do n't think the leak is severe at all .
Headphones are , of course , a matter of considerable science , in the same way speakers are . One set will sound amazing to one person , while repulsing another . We ca n't see anyone hating these L1s , although their sound wo n't appeal to everyone . Philips tell us that these headphones have been designed to offer flat response , so you should hear what was originally recorded . It does seem worth pointing out , however , that a lot of things can mess about with that . Encoding to MP3 or AAC often changes the sound , so real audiophiles should listen to these headphones using lossless music from CDs or FLAC/Apple lossless files .
At times , we could get some seriously powerful low-end out of these L1s . Magnetic Man is always a good demo of bass , and the track `` Mad '' has plenty of low-frequency sound , but mixed with mid and high-end too . It all sounded controlled , with nothing too bright and no noticeable distortion from the original track .
Throw on some One Direction - yes , we said that out loud - and things are n't as impressive . The plucky young chaps sound like they 're all being pushed in to the mid range . With virtually no interesting bass at all . Nicki Minaj , on the other hand , provided another solid performance through the Philips L1s . More than enough bass , but with good vocal clarity and no over-bright treble . `` Last Chance '' has especially impressive low-end , and certainly proves with a little EQ boost , the Philips cans are very capable of producing bass .
Once we 'd finished listening for this review , there were very few pieces of music that we 'd listened too that did n't sound brilliant .
In the box , there 's a carry case provided to carry the headphones around without them getting too badly damaged . The headphones also fold quite flat , allowing you to slip them in a bag without using up too much space .
The L1s also feel as though they will survive a reasonable amount of torture . They 're well made , and they feel like they can go through the stress of everyday life without too much trouble . We 're a bit worried about the cables that are exposed above each earpiece , and we have some worries about the break-out cable too , because things like that are harder to repair , and more likely to be a point of failure .
April 24 ( UPI ) -- The U.S. Marine Corps is breaking new technological ground with 3D printing , recently finding a way to combat a lack of spare parts and slow production turnovers by printing a part for an F-35B Lightning II aircraft .
Last week , Marines with Combat Logistic Battalion 31 , with the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit , out of Marine Corps bases in Japan , announced they are capable of `` additive manufacturing '' of temporary parts to aid in sustained operations through 3D printing .
`` I think 3D printing is definitely the future -- it 's absolutely the direction the Marine Corps needs to be going , '' Marine Corps Sgt . Adrian Willis said in a press release .
In October 2016 , a Marine Corps infantry battalion out of Camp Lejeune , N.C. , became the first unit in the Corps to possess a 3D printer .
Marines of 2nd Battalion , 8th Marine Regiment began testing 3D printing to produce facility upgrades and other temporary fixes , such as replacing broken front-sight posts used for aiming on a light anti-armor weapon trainer or hand-guards for different rifle variants .
The regular process of replacing broken items requires a work request to go through a chain of facilities and takes at least two weeks , and as long as six months , to receive new parts .
Now , Marines can produce new operational parts within 48 hours through the use of 3D printers .
The 31st MEU Marines are using 3D printers as an `` alternative , temporary source for parts , '' which recently included the production of at least one replacement part for the F-35B Lightning II .
The part , a plastic bumper on a landing gear door that wore out , would have been more expensive and time-consuming to order from the United States , at least partially because an entire door assembly would need to be ordered -- rather than just the small part .
The MEU 's explosive ordnance disposal team also received a 3D-printed lens cap for a camera on an Robot 310 small unmanned ground vehicle -- a part that did not exist at the time , according to the Defense Department .
The Marines say that figuring out how to more quickly obtain items they need while deployed is a key to their success , and in line with the motto of `` fix it forward . ''
`` Finding innovative solutions to complex problems really does harken back to our core principles as Marines , '' Willis said . `` I 'm proud to be a part of a new program that could be a game-changer for the Marine Corps . ''
A survey related to sleep health , almost 1 out of 3 people suffers from insomnia and 1 out of 10 people are chronically afflicted with it . Insomnia nowadays is a common sleep disorder especially to millennial and teenagers . This is due because of our growing trend in technology that 's resulting to unorthodox lifestyle .
People nowadays are overlooking the threat of insomnia . They might think that it 's just not-so-serious-everybody-has-it-and-you're- gon na -get-sleep-tomorrow kind of issue , but it is not . The fact that almost 10 % of all motor accident is caused by sleepiness caused by insomnia ; maybe it 's a serious issue after all .
Not all that , research reveals that insomnia is also proven as an agent to :
-Heart failure : Without proper period of sleep , some chemicals are triggered and keeps working and working that keeps our body form getting regenerated . This causes to rise in blood pressure during the day and getting us greater chances of acquiring cardio vascular problems . Little less amount of sleep also affects and deteriorates our normal health conditions and our biological processes like glucose metabolism , normal blood pressure and white cell formation . It is also as the same as oversleeping that is also caused by insomnia .
-Poor mental health : Lack of sleep also causes improper brain development especially to teenagers . Causing them to poorly perform in school , poor memory , thus , resulting to depression , anxiety and low self-esteem . As well as also to adults , they tend to perform poor in office and other task as their body have lack of proper sleep routine .
-Obesity and low immune system : Most people who are sleep deprive are prone to obesity as their metabolism slows down . And it also links to stress eating resulting into overweight . And by that , our immune system ca n't acquire and produce essential hormones that are necessary for the development of our wellbeing .
That being said , there are ways that we can battle sleep problems . As it is a growing issue worldwide , there are now practitioners that offer help for sleep deprived people .
Sleep Clinics Service that 's based on Brisbane Australia now offers in-home sleep study . It is a way to treat people with sleep disorder in the comfort of their home . No need to travel for hours and fall in line . While getting treated in a hospital-based or sleep clinic environment , it compromises your sleep study result which affect your diagnosis and treatment . That 's why SCS conducted in-home sleep therapy so that you can still have the ambience of your home .
Sleep Clinic Services ' procedures are recognised as ‘ world best practice ' and as a result , we are accredited as training providers to the Royal Australian College of General Practitioners . Sleep Clinic Services is also the winner of the Award For Excellence in the Professional Services Category .
The FBI arrested Jerry Drake Varnell , 23 , after they allegedly tried to detonate what they thought was a 1,000-pound bomb .
The FBI arrested Jerry Drake Varnell , 23 , after they allegedly tried to detonate what they thought was a 1,000-pound bomb .
Varnell was arrested shortly after an attempt early Saturday morning , to detonate a fake bomb loaded into what they believed was a stolen van and parked outside of the Bancfirst in downtown Oklahoam City , according to court records .
They allegedly wanted to replicate the 1995 Oklahoma City Murrah Building bombing and was acting out of a hatred for the government .
According to the criminal complaint filed in federal court , Varnell acknowledged there could be `` loss of life , even if unintentional '' with any bomb plot .
The complaint indicated they did factor in the time of the attack to minimize the death toll .
On June 26 , Varnell discussed the possibility that people could be killed and said , “ You got to break a couple of eggs to make an omelet , '' according to the complaint .
During a news conference Monday , Raul Bujanda FBI Assistant Special Agent in Charge offered assurance to public safety `` this was always going to be controlled from beginning to end . There was never a risk to the American people . ''
The investigation began in Dec. 2016 when a confidential informant approached the FBI .
The informant claimed Varnell wanted to bomb the Federal Reserve Building in Washington D.C. , according to court records .
Varnell allegedly exchanged multiple texts and Facebook messages via apps to protect the content from authorities . However , those messages and phone conversations were recorded by the FBI .
On April 24 , 2017 , Varnell allegedly met with the informant at their home in Sayre . They allegedly revealed a bunker near their home that was supplied with food and other items .
During the visit , the two allegedly discussed how to obtain large quantities of ammonium nitrate and the cost for such a purchase .
Several additional conversations occurred between the two and eventually an undercover agent was introduced to Varnell .
Varnell allegedly discussed a number of potential targets , including the Eccles Federal Reserve Board Building in Washington , D.C. , an IRS building in Maryland and a Bank of America data center in Texas .
Eventually , they settled on the BancFirst building in Oklahoma City , according to records .
In mid-July , undercover agents indicated they met with Varnell to conduct surveillance of the target location .
On August 11 , they drove from Sayre to meet with who they believed to be their accomplices .
Agents said Varnell watched the construction of the fake bomb around 6:30 p.m .
They drove the van containing the device to an alley adjacent to the Bancfirst building and parked it there , according to the FBI .
After midnight , they made two attempts to detonate the bomb remotely .
Shortly after those attempts , they were arrested .
Varnell had their first court appearance Monday afternoon . If convicted , they could face up to 20 years in prison and $ 250,000 fine .
Ottawa police have charged three men with human trafficking in connection with two separate investigations that began in the summer .
In one case , an adult woman came to police in July with their complaint . As a result , police arrested and charged 25-year-old Madani Ba of Gatineau with financial trafficking in a person by exercising control , trafficking by recruiting and procuring .
Ba was to appear in court Saturday . Police say their investigation is continuing and suspect there might be other victims .
The other investigation also started in July when police said “ a young female victim ” was identified . Police began an investigation and later arrested Kyle Wilson , 28 , and Rochelet Davilma , 24 , both of Ottawa . Each was charged with trafficking in a person , making financial gain from another person 's sexual service and advertising another person 's sexual service .
In this case , too , police suspect there may be more victims and are continuing to investigate .
Anyone with information is asked to call the Ottawa Police Human Trafficking Unit at 613-236-1222 , ext . 5005 . Anonymous tips can be submitted by calling Crime Stoppers toll-free at 1-800-222-8477 ( TIPS ) , or by downloading the Ottawa Police app .
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel . From time to time , there are fairly untouched gems , like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago . For very different reasons , Germany , Argentina , the Philippines , and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list .
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Do n't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America 's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America 's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S . Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country 's rich traditions , landmarks , and defining events will head for America 's oldest cities , significant war monuments , and important buildings for a sense of the past .
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
AlphaGo and self-driving cars are amazingly clever , but neither represents a very big leap toward general artificial intelligence . Fortunately , some AI researchers are developing ways of broadening machine intelligence .
The researchers at DeepMind , which created the champion Go-playing robot AlphaGo , are working on an approach that could prove significant in the quest to make machines as intelligent as we are .
In two papers published this week and reported by New Scientist , researchers at the Alphabet subsidiary describe efforts to teach computers about relational reasoning , a cognitive capability that is foundational to human intelligence .
Simply put , relational reasoning is the ability to consider relationships between different mental representations , such as objects , words , or ideas . This kind of reasoning is both crucial to human cognitive development and vital to solving just about any problem .
Most existing machine-learning systems do n't try to understand the relationship between concepts . A vision system can identify a dog or a cat in a picture , for example , but it does n't know that the dog is chasing the cat .
The two systems developed at DeepMind solve that by modifying existing machine-learning methods to make them capable of learning about physical relationships between static objects , as well as the behavior of moving objects over time .
They demonstrate the first capability using CLEVR , a data set of simple objects . After training , they can ask the system whether one object is in front of another , or which object is closest . Their results are dramatically better than anything achieved before , even exceeding human performance in some cases .
In the second paper , the researchers show how a similarly modified machine-learning system can learn to predict the behavior of simple objects in two dimensions . We do this sort of thing all the time in three dimensions , when catching a ball or driving a car , for example . In fact , psychology experiments show that humans employ an “ intuitive physics ” engine when predicting the effects of an action on objects . That is a lot more sophisticated and powerful than simply recognizing the objects in a scene .
While the advances may not be eye-popping breakthroughs , they are exactly the type of research that 's needed . As impressive as today 's AI is , most of it involves having a machine learn to perform an incredibly narrow task . Without new ideas , AI systems will remain incapable of things like holding a real conversation or solving difficult problems on their own .
Sam Gershman , a professor of psychology at Harvard who studies intelligence , says that we need to think about mimicking human intelligence more closely if we want artificial intelligence to resemble our own .
“ Our brains represent the world in terms of relations between objects , agents , and events , ” they told MIT Technology Review via e-mail . “ Representing the world in this way massively constrains the kinds of inferences we draw from data , making it harder to learn some things and easier to learn other things . So in that sense this work is a step in the right direction : building in human-like constraints that enable machines to more easily learn tasks that are natural for humans . ”
( Read More : “ DeepMind 's Neural Network Teaches AI to Reason About the World ” )
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines . It turns out , our diets also help determine what we smell like .
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables . Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing .
Skeptical ? At first , I was , too . I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry . ( Makes a good marketing campaign , right ? ! )
But it 's legit . `` We 've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness , especially for women , '' says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia . They study evolution , genetics and psychology and is an author of the study .
From an evolutionary perspective , scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status , and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate .
So , how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor ?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy , young men . They assessed the men 's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer . When people eat a lot of colorful veggies , their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids , the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red , yellow and orange foods .
`` The carotenoids get deposited in our skin , '' explains Stephen . The spectrophotometer `` flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back , '' says Stephen . The results are `` a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we 're eating , '' they say .
Stephen and their colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires , so they could determine the men 's overall patterns of eating . Then , men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise .
Afterwards , women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat . ( Note : The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation , but you get the picture ! ) `` We asked the women to rate how much they liked it , how floral , how fruity , '' and a bunch of other descriptors , explains Stephen .
It 's a small study , but the results were pretty consistent . `` Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer , '' Stephen told us .
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women . But meat did tend to make men 's odor more intense .
`` This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor , '' says George Preti , an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia .
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet , `` characterized by increased intakes of eggs , cheese , soy , fruit and vegetables . ''
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect .
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food . `` But that 's not what happens , '' Preti says . Your breath might smell like the food you eat , but not your sweat .
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands .
`` The sweat does n't come out smelly , '' Preti explains , `` It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin . ''
Now , of course , at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace , is the smell of our sweat a big concern ?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington , D.C .
`` I 'm pretty OK with my smell , '' Stefan Ruffini told me . That evening they were ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries , along with a beer . When I told them about the findings of the study , they laughed it off .
`` I 've got a girlfriend , so I do n't worry about these things ! `` he said .
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples .
`` As a lesbian , I have n't smelled a man in several years , '' Stacy Carroll , who was also at happy hour , told me . `` I eat a lot of produce , I have a girlfriend , so it 's working out ! ''
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health -- '' feeling good , looking fit '' — than their smell .
A man who survived an accident in which a truck 's drive shaft impaled their windshield says an “ angel ” was with them while they drove along a Missouri highway .
Steve Montgomery , 56 , told KTVI that they were driving home from a painting job in the town of O'Fallon shortly after 8:15 p.m. Tuesday when the drive shaft crashed through their windshield at their head .
advertisement
Montgomery said they initially thought drive shaft rolling around Interstate 55 was a pipe . Moments later , a tow truck hit it and launched it into Montgomery 's windshield .
“ It was just like a launching tube , ” they said of the shaft .
“ It shot it out in the air , it was just flipping and flipping and flipping … like somebody grabbed it out of the air … it 's just like ( they ) just took it and speared it into the truck … I could n't actually sit up because the driveshaft was right where my face was … I should n't even be here talking to you , ” Montgomery said .
Montgomery managed to duck just in time to avoid the metal object and somehow kept their truck on the highway until they were able to pull over .
They could not see the road because the drive shaft blocked their view .
Montgomery was uninjured in the accident .
Rock Community Fire Protection District posted photos of the accident on their Facebook page .
Upon looking at the photos of the wreckage later , Montgomery said they noticed a white , “ V ” shaped image in one of the photos .
Some say that might be a reflection , but Montgomery believes otherwise .
“ I think an angel was driving the truck , ” Montgomery said . “ When I was down and I could n't see the highway to keep it in the road , somebody else was driving that truck . ”
Whether or not there was actually an angel guiding him , Maggie Rothney , the driver behind Montgomery 's car said it was a miracle they did not hit any other vehicles on the road .
“ I do n't know how they maintained composure , but they did not hit a car on either side of him . They were able to get to the side of the road , ” Rothney told KMOV .
Creator of the SpaceX Company and Tesla electric car , Elon Musk , in their new capacity of “ hat salesperson , ” has kicked off another successful campaign .
Elon Musk , founder of The Boring Company , has once again shown that they can surprise people . It seems like the multi-CEO is prone to being a troll : they have sold an estimated 30,000 `` boring '' hats , and promised to start selling a branded flamethrower after 50,000 hats . And there is no doubt that it would sell like hot cakes , too .
Over 30,000 hats sold ! — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) 11 декабря 2017 г .
After 50k hats , we will start selling The Boring Company flamethrower — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) 11 декабря 2017 г .
READ MORE : Elon Musk Unveils New Tesla Roadster , Sets Twitter Alight
The hats cost $ 20 each , and are selling like crazy . Knowing how to “ turn hats into gold , ” Musk has changed their Twitter bio to `` Hat Salesman , '' and is having great fun watching people go nuts over the hats . Musk promised that `` every 5000th buyer would get a free hat signed by the delivery guy , '' which raised many questions among their Twitter followers :
Maybe — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) 3 декабря 2017 г .
Because it 's stupid — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) 3 декабря 2017 г .
No . They make tunnels . — Steve Of Tech ( @ SteveOfTech ) 11 декабря 2017 г .
Is there a religion for Musk-followers or do I have to invent one ? — Hanna Söderström ( @ gothbarbie84 ) 3 декабря 2017 г .
Elon Musk , business person , engineer and inventor , founded the Boring Company in 2016 , following their tweet-confirmation on boring tunnel to avoid traffic . They pin their hopes on technology that could someday be used for the Hyperloop system which envisages mass transportation at high speeds . Being fond of multi-tasking , the Tesla CEO , has recently unveiled a new-generation electric vehicle , the Tesla Roadster , which will be “ the fastest production car ever made . ''
READ MORE : Elon Musk Offers Sneak Peek of Futuristic Underground Freeway in Los Angeles
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
The prior mistake made by the naïve traders is they think one should have super talent to trade Forex online . They believe the opinion of other people . The Australia traders did not have super talent yet they have become successful . It is because they have understood the truth behind Forex trading . It makes the court to believe that it is true . The same issue is faced by the traders . The naïve traders are convinced by the market to believe that it is possible to earn a lot in a short time . On the other hand , they are made to believe that it is a must to have super talents to trade Forex like a pro . Even the market can look like it is easy to trade but it is not . You should never be fooled by the external parties . You should understand the reality of the market . If you do n't find good trades to trade , you should n't trade until the market offers the right time . You should wait until the profitable trade-setup shows up . You must be a trader with the ability to make independent decision . Of course , you would have to face the challenges to overcome others opinions . Well , it is better for you to learn the skills to flourish your trading journey .
Importance of mental stability
Trading can be extremely stressful for the novice traders . After losing a few traders , the rookie traders start executing trades with a big risk . They do n't understand the probability factors of the market . You have to develop a strong mentality so that you can easily embrace losing trades . Those who trade with big risk are the ultimate losers of the market . Developing a strong mentality is very hard . Unless you have mastered the three major elements of currency trading , you will never become a profitable trader . These three elements are technical , fundamental and sentiment analysis .
You should rely on yourself
In order to make your trading journey successful , you should focus on yourself . Usually , you would have heard that it is important to be focused on the market and the market movements . True , you should but more than the market , you should rely on yourself . You can definitely look at a successful trader 's methods and ways of trading but it does n't say that you should follow him . You can focus on your opinions and you can build your trading style . There is no rule that you should listen to others opinion . If you look at Australian traders , they would have learned a lot from experts but they relied on themselves when developing their Forex trading account Australia . You can seek others ' advice and ideas but make your own trading decision . If you do n't rely on yourself , you would forever need someone else 's help .
Enhance the judgmental skill
You are much better than the traders who copy another trader . It is not at all wise to emulate another trader even though they are an expert . If you look at the success rate of the active rate it will be higher than the success rate of the passive traders . The main reason is active traders enhance their judgmental skill . It is one of the must-have skills in trading . However , there is one good factor in other people 's opinion and i.e . you will not be carried away . If you focus on the judgmental skill , down the line , you can see yourself as a courageous trader .
Experts ' advice
You can listen to experts ' advice but it will be difficult to follow the advice as you are lacking the experience . You are a naïve trader , so you should focus on baby steps . If you start small you will be able to develop gradually . Moreover , there will be different opinions between you and the expert trader . It is better to gain knowledge through their advice , but you should think twice before following it .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) - Secretary General of the Council of Europe Thorbjorn Jagland on Wednesday reiterated their call for Russia to resume paying its financial contribution to the organization 's budget , as it is obliged to do so under the Statute , Jagland 's spokesperson Daniel Holtgen told Sputnik .
`` The Secretary-General has raised the issue of non-payment in the context of their visit Moscow [ in June ] . They today recall the Russian Federation 's obligations with regard to the Statute of the Organisation to pay its financial contribution . They recall the financial difficulties for our Organisation created by the non-payment of their contribution within the legally agreed timeframe , '' Holtgen said .
Jagland stressed that Moscow 's position was not tenable from the political and legal standpoints of the organization and called on Russia to pay what it owed the organization since 2017 , Holtgen added .
READ MORE : EU to Switch From Dollar to Euro in Payments for Iranian Oil Supplies — Source
Earlier in the day , the Russian Foreign Ministry said that it saw no grounds for resumption of the country 's contributions to the CoE budget because the rights of its delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe ( PACE ) had not been restored yet .
© Sputnik / Vladimir Fedorenko PACE to Choose New President Again : Nicoletti Will Resign Before June Session
Relations between Russia and the Council of Europe , particularly its parliamentary arm , worsened after PACE deprived the Russian delegation of the right to vote in the wake of Crimea 's reunification with Russia in 2014 , which was not recognized by Western states .
Since 2016 , the Russian delegation at PACE has not been renewing its credentials ahead of the assembly 's sessions in protest of the discrimination within the organization .
In June 2017 , Moscow froze part of its Council of Europe contribution meant for Russia 's PACE membership for 2018 , until the Russian delegation 's rights in the organization are completely restored .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bishop 's Cleeve travelled down the M5 to Taunton in a top versus bottom of the table clash , writes Matt Jones .
From the off Cleeve were under siege as Taunton looked to take an early lead in front of a strong home support .
The opener came in the 18th minute when Cleeve failed to clear their lines from a corner and Matt Wright converted from close range via the crossbar .
The hosts continued to press looking to extend their lead and were awarded a penalty shortly before half time which Dan Sullivan calmly converted .
Any hopes Cleeve had of getting back into the match were dashed shortly after half-time when they conceded another penalty just two minutes into the half which Sullivan again converted .
There was a flashpoint just before the hour mark when it appeared Joe Bates was fouled off the ball .
Cleeve win the free-kick with the Taunton player avoiding a booking which incensed the Cleeve bench with Bishop 's Cleeve assistant manager Matt Jeynes being sent to the stand .
Pierce Mitchell scored a great goal from wide into the top corner to complete a comprehensive win for an impressive Taunton side who find themselves well clear at the top of the table .
Other Southern League Division One West results :
Barnstaple Town 0 Evesham United 2 ( Liddiard , Mann )
Bristol Manor Farm 3 ( Simpson , Robbins , Stamp ) Slimbridge 0
Cirencester Town 2 ( Whitehead 2 ) Paulton Rovers 1 ( Hedges )
Kidlington 4 ( Janes 2 , Williams , Martin ) Cinderford Town 1 ( Hunt )
Shortwood United 2 ( L Meredith , R Meredith ) North Leigh 1 ( James )
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest Pause
1:02 The importance of South Carolina 's Electoral College and how it works
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson 's 5 goals
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
5:37 Fork & Goal : Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting , explains motive
1:52 Phil Kornblut : The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail
6:35 Hurst , Allen-Williams with key takeaways from bowl game
1:53 911 call from domestic incident involving S.C. legislator Chris Corley
US President Donald Trump assailed US intelligence agencies on Wednesday for what they said were illegal information leaks , and dismissed reports of contacts between members of their presidential campaign and Russian intelligence officials .
Trump went on the counter-offensive as their administration reeled from the abrupt dismissal of Michael Flynn as national security adviser on Monday .
The New York Times reported late on Tuesday that phone call records and intercepted calls showed members of Trump ‘ s presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the Nov 8 election .
Trump dismissed the report , firing back in a series of early morning tweets on Wednesday .
“ This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton 's losing campaign , ” the Republican president tweeted , citing their former Democratic rival in the 2016 presidential contest .
In another tweet , Trump said : “ Information is being illegally given to the failing @ nytimes & @ washingtonpost by the intelligence community ( NSA and FBI ? ) .Just like Russia , ” adding that the situation was “ very serious . ”
“ The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by “ intelligence ” like candy . Very un-American ! ” Trump wrote .
They did not give evidence to back their charge that intelligence officials were supplying information to the news media . They did not say if they had ordered any investigation into leaks .
Reuters could not immediately confirm the Times report , which the Kremlin dismissed on Wednesday .
CNN also reported that Trump advisers were in constant contact with Russian officials during the campaign .
INTERCEPTED COMMUNICATIONS
The Times , citing current and former US officials , said US law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time they discovered Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee .
The officials had seen no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election , the Times said , but they were still alarmed by the intercepted communications .
Flynn was forced out over conversations they had with the Russian ambassador before Trump took office on Jan 20 , and their misrepresentations to Vice President Mike Pence over what they had discussed .
The Times said the intercepted calls in its report were different from the wiretapped conversations between Flynn and the ambassador , Sergei Kislyak .
US lawmakers , including some leading Republicans , called on Tuesday for a deeper inquiry into not just Flynn 's actions but broader White House ties to Russia . Trump has long said that they would like improved relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin .
Flynn 's conversations with the Russian ambassador took place around the time that then-President Barack Obama imposed new sanctions on Russia on Dec 29 , charging that Moscow had used cyberattacks to try to influence the presidential election in Trump ‘ s favour .
A US official familiar with the transcripts of the calls with the ambassador said Flynn indicated that if Russia did not retaliate , that could smooth the way toward a broader discussion of improving US-Russian relations once Trump took power .
This was potentially illegal under a law barring unauthorised private citizens from interfering in disputes the United States has with other countries .
NEW YORK — The Dallas Stars put themselves in position for a big win on Monday night . It just took them a while to finish off the New York Rangers , thanks to Ondrej Pavelec .
Jason Spezza scored in the shootout , and the Stars snapped a three-game losing streak with a 2-1 victory over the Rangers .
`` It would have been a shame to not get two points in this game the way we played , '' Dallas coach Ken Hitchcock said . `` We are starting to really play strong 5-on-5 hockey right now . We are getting a lot of scoring chances and we are not giving up a lot which is a really good sign . ''
Kari Lehtonen made 24 saves for Dallas in the opener of its four-game East Coast road trip against the Metropolitan Division . It was Lehtonen 's 299th career NHL victory .
Dallas outshot New York 45-25 , but Pavelec kept the Rangers in the game with an outstanding performance in goal .
`` I do n't think anyone in our dressing room does n't know that other than Pavelec , we did n't play real well tonight . '' Rangers coach Alain Vigneault said . `` There are two positives , Pavs played unreal and because of their performance we were able to get a point . Other than that , we were n't good . ''
The Stars had a 1-0 lead before Rick Nash tied it for the Rangers when they tipped in Brady Skjei 's wrist shot with 3:41 left in regulation . Nash made contact with Lehtonen but the goalie was well outside the blue paint . Hitchcock challenged the play , but the referees stayed with the original call .
`` I thought the mental toughness was after the ( Nash ) goal , '' Hitchcock said . `` I do n't know why that goal was allowed but I thought our next shift was outstanding . That to me is the mental toughness that we are starting to show . We had the Rangers in for 35 seconds in their own zone and that 's a good sign . ''
Julius Honka put Dallas in front when they drove a slap shot past Pavelec at 6:30 of the second period for their first of the season . The 2014 first-round pick rejoined the lineup after sitting for the previous three games .
`` If we play like that , we can beat any team in this league , '' Honka said . `` We just have to keep going and keep up the good work . ''
The head of the banking lobby group , former Queensland premier Anna Bligh , will appear at the financial services royal commission .
The Australian Banking Association CEO will be questioned about the self-regulation of banks under the Code of Banking Practice .
A new draft code has gone to the corporate regulator for approval .
Ms Bligh is expected to appear at the commission on Thursday , after the inquiry completes a case study involving a National Australia Bank business loan .
Geely launched Lynk & Co in 2016 with the 01 crossover concept , which rides on the same Compact Modular Architecture that also underpins the new Volvo XC40 . Now the company is planning a product onslaught , which will include a second , sportier SUV , possibly a sports car , and the mysterious sedan pictured here .
Dubbed the 03 , the latest Lynk & Co vehicle has been spotted multiple times , wearing various forms of camouflage . The newest set of images show off the four-door 's funky front fascia , which comes with a dual headlight setup and a unique grille , just like the original concept . It 's our best look yet at latest Lynk & Co product . The images also show the taillights completely uncovered , and what appears to be production wheels .
So far we know that the new 03 sedans will ride on the same CMA platform as the upcoming Volvo S40 . The two vehicles are also expected to share the same 1.5-liter turbocharged hybrid engine , with the possibility of an EV down the line . A high-tech cabin with a digital instrument cluster and a large infotainment display will also be available , alongside a mix of leather , Alcantara , and metallic trim pieces throughout .
The first Lynk & Co vehicle , the 01 SUV , will go on sale early this year in China . The 01 will be followed by a 02 coupe-inspired SUV – which may have been previewed in recent spy photos – and the 03 sedan pictured here . After the brand 's debut in China , Lynk & Co is expected to arrive in the U.S. and Europe sometime in 2019 .
The comapny will build its vehicles at a dedicated factory in Luqiao , China , with Volvo production engineers reportedly contributing a wealth of knowledge on the assembly line . Each car will come with complimentary wireless data globally and a lifetime warranty .
Source : CarPix
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- San Diego State University running back Rashaad Penny was named to the Associated Press All-America first team Monday .
Penny , a senior from Norwalk High in Los Angeles County , led the country with 2,027 rushing yards , 2,698 all-purpose yards and 168.9 rushing yards per game . They scored 19 rushing touchdowns while averaging 7.4 yards per carry . They also caught two touchdown passes , returned two kickoffs for touchdowns and returned one of their two punt returns for a 70-yard touchdown .
The AP All-America selection is one of the highest honors in college football and adds to a growing list of awards for Penny , who finished fifth for the Heisman Trophy , the award given to college football 's top player . Penny also became the first player to win two conference player-of-the-year awards last week when they were named the Mountain West Conference 's Offensive Player of the Year and Special Teams Player of the year .
Stanford 's Bryce Love , who was second in the nation with 1,973 rushing yards , was the other first team All-America running back selected by a panel of 17 media members from around the country .
Penny 's first team selection to the AP All-America list -- typically considered the most prestigious list of its kind -- provided some redemption to the Aztec coaching staff , players and fans who felt Penny was snubbed for personal awards like the Heisman Trophy or the Doak Walker Award , which is given to the nation 's top running back . Penny did not even make the three- player shortlist for the Doak Walker Award .
They were named a finalist for the 2017 Walter Camp Player-of-the-Year award .
Joining Penny as an AP All-America selection was Utah State senior cornerback Jalen Davis , a graduate of Helix High School in La Mesa . Davis was a second-team AP All-America selection .
Penny and the Aztecs will take on Army in the Lockheed Martin Armed Forces Bowl in Fort Worth , Texas , on Dec. 23 .
An assignment on a dry-erase board is causing problems for a Metro East math teacher .
Scroll for more content ...
The lesson taught at Roxana Senior High School Wednesday was not typical . A teacher asked students how high they would be three hours after using cocaine and how much they would owe a dealer for a $ 1,000 payment paid at only 25 percent a day for a year .
Teachers and students were shocked .
Parent Christy Scott looked at a photo of the assignment which was sent to News 4 .
`` Wow . That 's a school math problem ? '' asked Scott .
Student Joseph Saban was not in the class , but he 's heard all about it .
`` Immediately , I was thinking really ? This actually happened ? I would not expect a teacher to be using drugs as an example for a problem , ' said Saban .
`` We do n't need to be teaching children how long it takes to filter cocaine out of their bodies . That is ridiculous . That is not what we should be doing . We should be preventing this and not teaching them how to get rid of it , ' added Scott .
Roxana School leaders sent the following statement to News 4 :
`` Student welfare is always the Roxana School District 's # 1 priority . Unfortunately , unacceptable examples were used in a high school math class causing some parent and student distress . The district views the use of yesterday 's classroom examples as a demonstration of poor judgment . The district is addressing the matter with the faculty member and those impacted by this incident . The faculty member has apologized to students and parents for this lapse in judgment and has reiterated the intent was never to promote or make light of illicit drug use . The district is taking the necessary measures to ensure that the damage is repaired . The district is addressing this issue as a personnel matter according to district policy . ''
Saban said they are not offended .
`` Either they were trying to relate in some way with the kids , be funny or something like that , '' added Saban .
`` My son has a teacher who is like that . They do n't teach children about drugs , or money when dealing with dealers , '' added Scott .
School leaders would not identify the teacher , but News 4 tracked them down . They chose not to comment on the story
The school says they have apologized to students and said their intent was never to promote or make light of illicit drug use .
Have a knack for trivia ? Well , so does Brooke… Try to answer as many questions right as you can in 30 seconds . If you answer more correctly than Brooke , you win 100 bucks ! Good luck !
Skoda started off under Volkswagen 's ownership in the early 1990s as pretty much the budget brand of the group , but that 's not the case anymore . The differences in terms of pricing between a model from Mladá Boleslav and one from Wolfsburg are now smaller than ever . As a matter of fact , in some cases a Skoda actually has a higher starting price than the VW upon which it 's largely based . This new Vision E debuting at Auto Shanghai further shows the Czech brand 's intentions of moving upmarket .
It 's only a concept for now , but nevertheless it signals Skoda 's desire as far as doing one of those crossover-coupe combinations — something that would have seemed hard to believe just a few years ago . To be fair , this controversial body style was basically born almost a decade ago with the launch of the first-gen BMW X6 , so it has n't been around for a long time .
Aside from providing a taste to come in terms of entering a new segment , the Vision E also marks Skoda 's plans for electrification . With 300 horsepower ( 225 kilowatts ) generated by its entirely electric powertrain , the concept is actually the brand 's most powerful car ever , thus eclipsing the 280-hp , AWD-equipped Superb 2.0 TSI .
There 's no word about how long it takes to hit 62 mph ( 100 kph ) , but Skoda does say the Vision E will top out at 112 mph ( 180 kph ) . Its lithium-ion battery pack can last for as much as 310 miles ( 500 kilometers ) before having to recharge it .
Typical for a Skoda , the concept 's interior is very roomy thanks primarily to the implementation of a long wheelbase spanning at 2,850 millimeters ( 112 inches ) . The absence of a conventional B-pillar means getting in and out of the vehicle is a piece of cake , while headroom in the back appears to be more than decent despite the sloped roofline .
Fitted with level 3 autonomous driving capabilities , the Vision E can do all the work in traffic jams and also drive itself on motorways . It 's smart enough to overtake other cars , stay in lane and swerve , as well as find an empty parking space to occupy and then leave it without human input .
Debuting this week at Auto Shanghai , the concept demonstrates the automotive world is changing and Skoda is adapting to the new market trends . A production crossover-coupe is expected to arrive in China by 2019 when Skoda will also introduce its very first electrified model : the plug-in hybrid Superb . No less than five EVs are going to be launched by the middle of the next decade , kicking things off with the first one due in 2020 .
Source : Skoda
Wednesday is hot and Thursday hotter but hang in there for some sweet relief before a beautiful – and finally seasonal – July weekend .
Environment Canada 's heat warning is still in effect but promises that “ a cool down is expected by Friday with the passage of a cold front . ”
In the meantime , the agency reiterated that pets and people should never be left in parked vehicles and that young children , pregnant women , seniors , the sick , athletes and outdoor workers are most at risk of heat stroke and heat exhaustion .
But “ extreme heat affects everyone , ” the agency warned .
Wednesday 's forecast is for sunny skies , a high of 35 C that will feel like 40 and a UV index of 9 or very high . The overnight low is 21 C under clear skies .
ALSO : Ottawa misses a heat record , but sets a humidex record
Thursday starts out sunny but clouds creep in by afternoon along with a 30 per cent chance of late-afternoon showers and the risk of a thunderstorm . The high is 34 C and humidex 44 . Overnight , there 's a 60 per cent chance of showers and a low of 20 C .
The mercury will only rise to 22 C Friday under mixed skies with a 30 per cent chance of showers and we 'll all sleep well with an overnight low of 11 C .
Saturday is sunny and 28 C with a low of 14 C .
Sunday is sunny with a high of 29 C and low of 17 C .
Temperatures start creeping back up Monday with a high of 32 C under mixed skies and a low of 19 C .
Tuesday is sunny and 31 C .
Motorcycle # airconditioning . # ottweather – Stay safe . Stay cool . Look out for the vulnerable in this heat . pic.twitter.com/bGl5tr32zD — Bearded Cop ( @ TheBeardedCop ) July 3 , 2018
( CBS Local ) – An animal behaviorist is giving shelter cats a hand in getting adopted by loving families . In an effort to make them more adoptable , cats are learning how to give their new owners a friendly high-five .
Jackson Galaxy , host of the TV series “ My Cat From Hell , ” has created a project known as Cat Pawsitive , which aims to help felines maintain their social skills while waiting to be adopted . “ The genesis of Cat Pawsitive stemmed from the simple desire to duplicate the ‘ AHA ! ' moment I had in the early stages of my life with cats as a shelter worker , ” Jackson told Mother Nature Network .
“ Big life changes can lead to cats losing their mojo , their confidence and their raw cat essence , ” Cat Pawsitive manager Christie Rogero added . “ When suddenly faced with a noisy shelter or an unfamiliar foster home , even the most outgoing and friendly cats can become nervous , shut down or even just bored . This can lead to behaviors that make them seem less ‘ adoptable . ' ”
According to reports , nearly 30 shelters have joined The Jackson Galaxy Project in order to teach their furry residents how to sit , jump , and even high-five on command . Another 50 shelters around the country are excepted to join the cat training program by the end of 2018 .
“ They get the kind of enrichment that cats need to be themselves and show their true personalities to potential adopters . This helps them to make connections and to get adopted more quickly , ” Rogero said .
0 Pittsburgh man has been to every Super Bowl ever
NATRONA HEIGHTS , Pa. - “ Super ” Tom Henschel knows a little bit about football , and quite a bit more about the Super Bowl .
> > Read more trending news
After all , he 's been to every single one of them .
“ My dad started taking me to ( football ) games when I was 5 or 6 years old , ” they said .
The Natrona Heights native is in Minneapolis , set to add to that incredible run with Super Bowl 52 on Sunday , which you can watch on Channel 11 .
The diehard Steelers fan knows he 's in select company .
“ One of a very few who has gone to every single game , ” they said , and they have the ticket stubs to prove it .
The first Super Bowl ticket cost only $ 12 , but Henschel got it for free while working in a Chicago bar .
Their favorite Super Bowl involved their beloved Steelers , of course -- Super Bowl 13 .
“ Bradshaw to Swann and Stallworth , just some of the great passes in football history , ” they said .
Looking back , Henschel says it 's sharing the experience with family that matters most , which is why he 's recruiting their nephew and niece to carry on the Super Bowl tradition .
Meet Super Bowl Tom . NOT Tom Brady ! ! !
THE ORIGINAL Tom . He 's been to EVERY SINGLE SUPER BOWL and he 's from WESTERN P-A . # WPXI Our full story tonight on Channel 11 ! # STEELERNATION # HEREWEGO pic.twitter.com/2wOeYZ6LWB — Damany ( @ DamanyLEWIS ) February 2 , 2018
As for this Super Sunday , Henschel 's not shy about who he 'll be pulling for -- he 's got a Philadelphia Eagles bottle cooler he 's planning to use . But do n't fret Pittsburgh fans , because he 's got a Steelers cooler as well .
“ You can see who I am going to be for this year , ” they said . “ But when I see a lot of Steelers fans , I am going to be two-fisting it . ”
As for Super Bowl 52 , “ Super ” Tom says the Eagles will hoist their first Lombardi Trophy , winning 28-24 .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Football legend Pelé has reportedly blamed strike action for missing a second appointment to testify in defence of Carlos Nuzman as part of the bribery investigation surrounding Rio de Janeiro 's victory in the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic bidding contest .
Pelé , the 77-year-old three-time World Cup winner , had already missed one appointment with Judge Marcelo Bretas on health grounds .
According to O'Globo , they have claimed that they were unable to leave São Paulo , where they live , to provide testimony via videoconference from Santos due to strike action in the city .
Pelé was a key campaigning figure for Rio 's successful bid in the latter stages of the contest in 2009 .
This included an appearance in the decisive International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) Session in Copenhagen when the city beat Madrid by 66 votes to 32 in the third round of a contest also featuring Tokyo and Chicago .
The Federal Public Prosecutor 's Office in Brazil is in the process of investigating payments of at least $ 2 million ( £1.5 million/€1.7 million ) supposedly distributed to then-International Association of Athletics Federations President Lamine Diack from Brazilian business person Arthur Cesar de Menezes Soares Filho shortly before the vote in the Danish capital .
It is alleged that this money was used to secure the votes of four IOC members .
Ex-Rio 2016 and Brazilian Olympic Committee President Nuzman is under investigation in connection with the alleged bribes , but denies wrongdoing .
Pelé , right , pictured celebrating with figures including Carlos Nuzman and then-Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva when Rio was awarded the Olympics in Copenhagen in 2009 ©Getty Images
There is no suggestion that Pelé was aware or involved in wrongdoing but they are one of many figures involved in the bid called by Nuzman 's team as part of their defence .
Others include former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , another figure present in Copenhagen who was sentenced to more than 12 years in prison last year for accepting bribes from an engineering firm in return for assistance in winning contracts with state oil company Petrobras .
According to O'Globo , Lula , who was President of Brazil from 2003 until 2011 , will testify to Bretas via videoconference at 10am on June 5 .
It is not yet clear if a fresh date has been arranged for Pelé to testify .
They are expected to attend the FIFA World Cup in Russia which starts next month after being given doctor 's clearance to travel following their health problems .
The Los Angeles Rams exercised fifth-year options on running back Todd Gurley and cornerback Marcus Peters , the team announced Tuesday .
Gurley and Peters , who was acquired from the Kansas Chiefs last month , were first-round selections in the 2015 NFL Draft . The move keeps both players with the team through the 2019 season .
The No . 10 overall pick of the Rams , Gurley rushed for 1,106 yards and 10 touchdowns in just 13 games to win AP Offensive Rookie of the Year honors in 2015 .
Gurley 's numbers declined in 2016 but they bounced back with a monstrous season in 2017 to lead Los Angeles to the NFC West title , becoming the first Rams player to win the AP Offensive Player of the Year award since Marshall Faulk in 2001 .
The former University of Georgia product led the NFL in touchdowns ( 19 ) , points scored among non-kickers ( 114 ) and scrimmage yards ( 2,093 ) in addition to finishing second in rushing yards ( 1,305 ) . They also topped the league 's running backs in receiving yards with 788 and their average of 6.1 yards per touch was the best in the NFL .
Peters was among a number of high-profile offseason acquisitions for Los Angeles , which sent a pair of draft picks to Kansas City in exchange for the two-time Pro Bowl selection .
Selected eight slots behind Gurley in 2015 , Peters leads the league with 19 interceptions since entering the NFL .
Last season , Peters recorded five interceptions to go along with 46 tackles and four forced fumbles in 14 games . They had eight receptions as a rookie , returning two for touchdowns .
No longer can we sit on the sideline and hope white supremacy goes away . No longer can we be silent in the face of hate and evil . Populism , economic protectionism or even free speech do not excuse the hatred and violence of white supremacist domestic terrorist groups . Their violence has been here for centuries because we have allowed it . We have been fighting terrorism for decades ; that fight has now come home .
* SSEC -0.3 pct , CSI300 -0.1 pct , HSI -0.2 pct
* China producer inflation cools for the first time in 7 months
* Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau concept takes baton from Xiongan
SHANGHAI , April 12 China and Hong Kong stocks edged lower on Wednesday morning , with risk appetites curbed by rising geopolitical tensions as well as softer China producer inflation data that could spur worries on sustainability of the country 's economic recovery .
But market sentiment got some support from China 's economic integration plan for the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Great Bay Area , with shares of port operators and developers in the region surging .
China 's CSI300 index was down 0.1 percent , to 3,515.55 points , by the lunch break , while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.3 percent , to 3,278.53 points .
In Hong Kong , the Hang Seng index dropped 0.2 percent , to 24,046.47 points , and the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index shed 0.5 percent , to 10,114.10 .
Participants are closely watching developments in Syria following the U.S. missile strike , and tensions in the Korean Peninsula .
On the economic front , data released on Wednesday showed China 's producer price index ( PPI ) rose just 0.3 percent in March , cooling for the first time in seven months .
Annual consumer price inflation edged up to 0.9 percent , up slightly from the previous month but well below the 1.7 percent averaged during the first two months of the year .
But traders say any fears of renewed economic slowdown were partly offset by newly-announced plans to build Xiongan Economic Zone near Beijing , as well as the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Great Bay Area .
`` Cooling inflation has been largely expected , '' Wu Kan , head of equity trading at investment firm Shanshan Finance said , citing the recent weakness in commodity prices in Shanghai .
`` But thematic investments around those massive economic zone plans will continue as such projects will boost demand for building materials and contribute to economic growth . ''
Guangdong-based developers and port operators , including Shenzhen Yan Tian Port and Gree Real Estate climbed on Wednesday , taking the baton from `` Xiongan concept '' stocks .
Most listed Chinese lenders sagged after China 's banking regulator told lenders to conduct `` self-inspections '' in areas such as using loopholes to circumvent rules , in order to reduce leverage . The move will potentially hurt banks ' balance sheet .
( Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch ; Editing by Richard Borsuk )
Police have arrested two teenagers after two males were stabbed following a street brawl .
The incident took place on Lower Hall Street , with witnesses reporting seeing several youths fighting in the middle of the street .
The fracas left an 18-year-old man with a stab wound to the side of their head , and a 16-year-old boy was also stabbed under the arm .
The injured pair were both taken to hospital , where they are reported to be in a stable condition .
Officers from Merseyside Police described their injuries as being `` consistent with a sharp weapon being used . ''
Two 16-year-olds from Huyton and Widnes were arrested on suspicion of assault .
Anyone who witnessed the incident or saw anything suspicious that could help is asked to contact 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously and for free on 0800 555111 or via their online form crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information-online
PACOM got a new leader and a new name on Wednesday . ( Image : Hawaii News Now )
Leadership of the U.S. Pacific Command changed hands Wednesday .
But that 's not all that 's new .
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis adjusted the command 's name to signify growing cooperation between the U.S. and India .
`` In recognition of the increasing connectivity of the Indian and Pacific Oceans , today we rename the U.S Pacific Command to the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command , '' they said .
Navy Adm. Harry Harris served three years as PACOM chief .
In their farewell speech at Pearl Harbor 's Kilo Pier , they called China America 's greatest long-term challenge and took aim at North Korea .
`` North Korea remains our most imminent threat . A nuclear-capable North Korea with missiles that can reach the United States is unacceptable , '' they said .
Harris is Pres . Donald Trump 's choice to become ambassador to South Korea . The change of command ceremony also marked their retirement after 40 years in the Navy .
PACOM is responsible for U.S. military operations in the Pacific .
New commander Adm. Philip Davidson will oversee 375,000 military and civilian personnel and 60 percent of America 's naval fleet .
`` Pacific Command must continue our good work to defend against and deter our adversaries from attacking the United States , our citizens , and interests abroad , as well as our allies here in the region , '' they said .
Harris called Davidson battle tested .
Mattis expressed confidence PACOM 's new chief will carry out their duties with grit , wisdom and skill .
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now . All rights reserved .
The devastated family of a Perth teenager who was run down by a car and killed during a large brawl last week have spoken of their hurt at losing their `` beautiful boy '' .
Jacob Cummins , 17 , died when they were among a group of teens hits by the car in Canning Vale after two rival groups of mostly youths brawled in the streets last Thursday afternoon .
However Jacob `` was not in a gang '' , the family said .
Four other teenage boys aged 16 and 17 were injured and all had been part of the brawl .
`` We are devastated and heartbroken that Jacob our only child has been taken from us , '' the Cummins family said in a statement .
`` We feel like its a bad dream and need to wake up . ''
The statement described Jacob as funny , caring and a good kid who loved sport , with soccer their passion .
`` He was just a normal teenager , our precious little boy , '' the family said .
Jacob had done a charity walk for Pieta House suicide prevention this year .
Two sets of parents had been destroyed by the event and no parent should ever have to go through either ordeal , the statement said .
Dozens of people including Jacob 's mother gathered at a vigil for them at Scarborough Beach last Saturday and an online page has been set up to raise money for their funeral .
A 20-year-old woman , Aya Hishmeh , has been charged with murder after allegedly deliberately running down Jacob and four counts of attempting unlawfully to kill in relation to the four other youths .
They sobbed uncontrollably when they appeared in court on Saturday .
A second person was charged on Tuesday , in relation to a stabbing during the brawl .
A 35-year-old Canning Vale man allegedly involved in the stabbing outside a McDonald 's restaurant at Livingstone Marketplace was charged with causing grievous bodily harm and unlawful wounding and was due to appear in the Armadale Magistrates Court on Tuesday .
City emergency drainage and irrigation works at final stage
DPI , Guyana , Friday , October , 06 2017
The Ministry of Public Infrastructure is fulfilling its promise of improving the drainage network in Georgetown . A team employed by the Ministry is wrapping up the final stage of emergency drainage works , in the vicinity of Main and New Market Streets .
Community Coordinator Neilson McKenzie explained to the Department of Public Information ( DPI ) that in preparation for the May/June rains the government had approved $ 150M for rehabilitative works to the drainage and irrigation channels in and around Georgetown .
They added that seven broad areas were identified for the drainage works to be carried out and the section between Church and Main Streets was one of those areas .
“ It is a busy and thoroughly congested commercial block that was prone to flood and had n't any drainage works done in years . This phase has a two-part approach ; one is the cleaning and desilting of roadside drains which is currently ongoing and the second one is some underground works on culverts generally . It involves desilting of the entire underground system and will run simultaneously with the first phase , ” McKenzie explained .
The drainage works , which will make the area almost flood free , commenced on October first and runs for the next six weeks . Mc Kenzie pointed out that regular maintenance will be undertaken .
“ We want to ensure that the input made will be effective and to have that made effective it means the initial work has to be followed up with a maintenance phase . So we 're putting together a maintenance package which will support the initial work that was done , ” the Community Coordinator said .
The team of workers has one supervisor and 12 staff who work just over six hours daily . Contractor Joseph Williams explained that the scope of works includes weeding and clearing of the parapets , cleaning of drains and the bridges , clearing of the tunnels and proper disposal of the debris .
“ It 's long now I 'm doing this work but I am happy to be working for government and clearing up the area , at the end of the day the aim is to alleviate flooding in the area , ” Williams said .
The project initially began in South Ruimveldt where remedial works are still ongoing then expanded to include areas such as North Riumveldt , Albouystown , and Queenstown among others .
According to McKenzie , no additional funding will be used to execute the works .
By : Ranetta La Fleur
April 24 ( UPI ) -- Lawyers representing Bill Cosby in their sexual assault trial cast doubt on the nationwide # MeToo movement and called the actor 's accuser a `` pathological liar '' Tuesday during closing arguments .
Kathleen Bliss urged the jury of seven men and five women to acquit Cosby in `` one of the most important decisions '' they will have to make in their lives . They referenced recent allegations of sexual harassment and abuse against Hollywood figures , saying there must be proof for a conviction .
`` We do have to deal with sexual assault ... just like we have to deal with sexual harassment , just like we have to deal with pay disparity , just like we have to deal with social inequalities , '' Bliss said . `` But questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim . Gut feelings are not rational decisions . Mob rule is not due process .
`` I could say Mr. Steele sexually assaulted me last year . It 's my word against their word , '' they added referencing Montgomery County District Attorney Kevin Steele . `` But it 's preposterous . ''
The two-week trial is the second Cosby has faced on accusations by Andrea Constand , who said the actor drugged and sexually assaulted them at their Pennsylvania home . Constand was the women 's basketball team manager at Cosby 's alma mater , Temple University .
The first trial in 2017 ended in a mistrial due to a deadlocked jury . Cosby pleaded not guilty to three counts of aggravated indecent assault .
Another Cosby lawyer , Tom Mesereau , also gave closing arguments attempting to discredit Constand and the five other accusers who were witnesses during the trial . They called Constand a `` pathological liar '' and the witnesses `` failed starlets . ''
`` This woman will say anything , they will absolutely say anything , '' they said of Constand .
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria , Iraq , Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA , June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East , with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years , the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday .
The term 'DNA origami ' refers to a method for the design and self-assembly of complex molecular structures with nanometer precision . The technique exploits the base-pairing interactions between single-stranded DNA molecules of known sequence to generate intricate three-dimensional nanostructures with predefined shapes in arbitrarily large numbers . The method has great potential for a wide range of applications in basic biological and biophysical research . Thus researchers are already using DNA origami to develop functional nanomachines . In this context , the ability to characterize the quality of the assembly process is vital . Now a team led by Ralf Jungmann , Professor of Experimental Physics at LMU Munich and Head of the Molecular Imaging and Bionanotechnology lab at the Max Planck Institute for Biochemistry ( Martinsried ) , reports an important advance in this regard . In the online journal Nature Communications , they and their colleagues describe a mode of super-resolution microscopy that enables all the strands within these nanostructures to be visualized individually . This has allowed them to conclude that assembly proceeds in a robust fashion under a wide range of conditions , but that the probability that a given strand will be efficiently incorporated is dependent on the precise position of its target sequence in the growing structure .
DNA origami structures are essentially assembled by allowing one long single-stranded DNA molecule ( the 'scaffold ' strand ) to interact in a controlled , predefined manner with a set of shorter 'staple ' strands . The latter bind to specific ( 'complementary ' ) stretches of the scaffold strand , progressively folding it into the desired form . `` In our case , the DNA strands self-assemble into a flat rectangular structure , which serves as the basic building block for many DNA origami-based studies at the moment , '' says Maximilian Strauss , joint first author of the new paper , together with Florian Schüder and Daniel Haas . With the aid of a super-resolution technique called DNA-PAINT , the researchers are able to visualize nanostructures with unprecedented spatial resolution , allowing them to image each of the strands in the nanostructures . `` So we can now directly visualize all components of the origami structure and determine how well it put itself together , '' says Strauss .
As its name suggests , the DNA-PAINT technique itself also makes use of the specificity of DNA-DNA interactions . Here , short 'imager ' strands linked to dye molecules that pair up with complementary sequences are used to identify sites that are accessible for binding . Imager strands interact transiently but repetitively with their target sites , which results in a `` blinking '' signal . `` By comparing the information in the individual fluorescence images , we are able to attain a higher resolution , so that we can inspect the whole structure in detail , '' Strauss says . `` This phenomenon can be understood as follows . Let 's say we 're looking at a house with two illuminated windows . Seen from a certain distance , it appears as if the light is coming from one source . However , one can readily distinguish between the positions of the two windows if the lights are alternately switched on and off . '' Hence , the method allows the researchers to determine the positions of the bound staple strands precisely , and the specific blinking signal emitted by imager strands reveals sites that are available for binding .
The results obtained with the DNA-PAINT method revealed that variations in several physical parameters - such as the overall speed of structure formation - have little influence on the overall quality of the assembly process . However , although its efficiency can be enhanced by the use of additional staple strands , not all strands were found in all of the nanoparticles formed , i.e . not all available sites were occupied in all of the final structures . `` When assembling nanomachines it is therefore advisable that the individual components are added in large excess and the positions of the modifications chosen in accordance with our mapping of incorporation efficiency , '' Strauss says .
The DNA-PAINT method thus provides a means of optimizing the construction of DNA nanostructures . In addition , the authors believe that the technology has great potential in the field of quantitative structural biology , as it will allow researchers to measure important parameters such as the labelling efficiency of antibodies , cellular proteins and nucleic acids directly .
# # #
SOUTH AFRICA 'S RECORD try-scorer Bryan Habana will retire at the end of the season .
The wing will turn 35 in June when their contract with Top14 club Toulon expires .
Habana is second on the all-time list of Springbok cap-holders behind Victor Matfield with 124 and their record of 67 Test tries is only surpassed by Japan 's Daisuke Ohata .
Habana , whose tries were key to South Africa 's World Cup victory in 2007 , revealed the decision to hang up their boots on Instagram today after struggling to force their way back into the Toulon side following knee surgery last year .
Habana wrote : “ The inevitable moment has come knocking on my door and I 've welcomed it in for a drink .
“ It 's been more than a year of hoping , trying , pushing and willing to get back on the field for one last time , to taste the sweet victory or encounter that gut-wrenching despair . To hear the roar of the crowd or grab the pill out of the air .
Source : Dan Sheridan/INPHO
“ To make that last bone crunching tackle or score that last game winning try . But it 's unfortunately just not to be .
I , like most , would have liked my career to have ended differently , but sometimes things do n't turn out quite the way we hope for .
“ So at the end of this season , it 's time to say goodbye and thank you to the game I so dearly love . ”
Habana has won two European titles and the Top 14 during their time with Toulon and was a two-time Super Rugby champion with the Bulls .
Uber and Lyft can live on in Ottawa .
A Superior Court judge Wednesday released their decision on a judicial challenge of the City of Ottawa 's bylaw governing taxis and private transportation companies . Justice Maria Linhares de Sousa concluded the Ottawa taxi union did n't prove that the bylaw exhibits bad faith or an illegal bonus scheme , as alleged by the cabbies .
The taxi union asked the court to quash the vehicle-for-hire bylaw and reinstate the former taxi-only licensing regime . The union claimed its opposition was n't about the value of taxi plates , but about the alleged unfairness of the dual-licensing system .
The court heard arguments over four days earlier this year .
The judge quashed part of the bylaw , however , related to taxi plate holders and brokers indemnifying the city in relation to collisions . City solicitor and clerk Rick O'Connor told council in a memo that staff will review the judgment and come forward with recommendations .
The court still needs to sort out if any costs will be awarded to either side .
The vehicle-for-hire bylaw has been in place since Sept. 30 , 2016 . Uber and Lyft are the two largest PTC licence-holders in Ottawa .
jwilling @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) - FIFA has included Russia midfielder Yuri Zhirkov in the list of the World Cup quarter-finalists ' `` unsung heroes , '' world football 's governing body announced on its website on Wednesday .
Zhirkov was named an `` unsung hero '' for playing for their team in the round of 16 match against Spain in spite of their injury and helping the hosts to book a place in the last eight .
“ Even before the game I felt pain in the Achilles tendon . After the first half it became so strong , so I had to ask for a substitution , '' Zhirkov said as quoted by the FIFA .
READ MORE : Where Lenin Sleeps : Most Frequent & Unusual Questions by World Cup Visitors
According to FIFA 's press release , when a team makes it to the quarter-finals of a major tournament only star players receive all the attention while the success is achieved with the help of a lot of people who are `` left behind the scenes . ''
The World Cup will continue until July 15 , with the matches set to be played across 11 Russian cities . Russia will next face Croatia at the Fisht Stadium in Sochi on Saturday .
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) - The Trump administration is expected to announce on Thursday that the United States will impose steel and aluminum tariffs on EU states after Washington was unable to win concessions , media reported .
US negotiators failed to reach a deal on the tariffs with EU counterparts ahead of a Friday deadline , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday citing people familiar with the situation .
In March , the Trump administration imposed 10 percent tariffs on imported steel and 25 percent aluminum . The European Union was granted temporary exemption due to expire on Friday . However , the bloc insisted that it should be permanently exempted from them .
Meanwhile , European Union Ambassador to the United States David O'Sullivan said earlier that the EU will likely respond with `` counterbalancing '' tariffs on US products .
`` If tariffs are imposed , I fear we will exercise our right under the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) to have rebalancing tariffs , '' O'Sullivan told a meeting at the Woodrow Wilson Center . `` We really do n't understand the logic of this . ''
`` We are not happy with the prospect of tariffs on steel on and aluminum . We feel it is not legitimate to export additional tariffs on legitimate European exports of steel and aluminum… They 're not even produced here [ in the United States ] in many cases , '' O'Sullivan said .
Earlier on Wednesday , French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire warned that if the European Union was attacked by the proposed US tariffs , the bloc would have to act to defend its own interests .
Authorities on Saturday urged members of the public to exercise their right to vote and not abstain .
Chief Returning Officer Kypros Kyprianou said on Saturday everything is all set for Sunday 's presidential runoff and urged members of the public to vote .
Kyprianou said that the top priority of all competent services is to make sure the second round of the elections runs smoothly .
Polling stations will open at 7am and close at 6pm , with a one-hour lunch break between 12 noon and 1pm . The first results from small polling stations are expected soon after they close at 6pm , while the final results are expected by 7.30pm . The proclamation ceremony is to take place at 10pm at the Tassos Papadopoulos – Eleftheria stadium in Nicosia .
Eligible to vote are 550,886 people . Participation in the first round reached 71.9 per cent .
As the election campaign officially ended Friday midnight , the two candidates spent Saturday with their families .
President Nicos Anastasiades , who runs for a second term , posted family photos on their Facebook account wishing everyone a “ good weekend ” .
Akel-backed independent candidate Stavros Malas lunched with their family and campaign associates at a restaurant in Pano Lefkara .
As in the first round , Turkish Cypriot journalists and international news agencies expressed interest in covering the runoff . Journalists from European and Arab countries as well as Turkish nationals and Turkish Cypriot journalists have registered at the Press and Information Office for accreditation and facilities .
Police said they will be stepping up security measures during voting and the proclamation ceremony , with more than 2,000 officers on duty .
Police Spokesman Andreas Angelides said that a crisis centre will operate in Nicosia .
They urged people attending the proclamation ceremony and those passing through the area near the stadium at the time of the event to comply with police instructions .
Angelides said people entering the stadium will undergo security checks so they must make their way to the venue early . Flares , firecrackers or other dangerous objects , posters or banners with abusive , racist , or other offensive content will not be allowed in the stadium , nor will any slogans be allowed to be put up anywhere on the grounds .
They called on people to avoid taking backpacks or bags to the stadium .
Giant screens will be placed outside for people to watch the ceremony .
TIRASPOL ( Sputnik ) — Kiev and Chisinau are said to be eyeing five international border entry points and eight points of interstate significance , according to the document .
The Moldovan side plans to increase the number of customs officers by 241 employees , bringing the total number to 1,761 staff members . The project of creating joint check posts was put forward for a public debate .
The first joint check point of Kuchurgan is scheduled to open by the end of 2017 .
On February 13 , Moldovan Prime Minister Pavel Filip reached an agreement with Ukraine to ramp up the setting up of joint customs control points at the border with Transnistria .
In 2016 , the Transnistrian authorities accused Ukraine of unilaterally blocking flows of imported goods to the republic through the railway stations of Kuchurgan-export and Slobodka-export on the request of the Moldovan government .
The Ukrainian move has already caused difficulties in deliveries of socially important goods and fuel to Transnistria . It is regarded by the self-proclaimed republic as a step toward a full blockade of Transnistria .
Transnistria , a region with a predominantly Russian and Ukrainian population , broke away from the Soviet Republic of Moldova in 1990 , fearing the country might seek to reunify with neighboring Romania . The move triggered a war that ended in a ceasefire in July 1992 but the conflict has remained unresolved .
KNOXVILLE ( WATE ) – We 're continuing our celebration of Black History Month and the impact African-Americans have had on East Tennessee . An ongoing push to honor the African-American soldiers from Knoxville who fought in the Civil War is seeing huge success .
Odd Fellows Cemetery was once an overgrown cemetery filled with weeds and no distinction of the rich history it held .
“ This cemetery is important to this community because it holds a lot of the community history from the 1880s . It 's probably one of the oldest of the cemeteries in the community , ” says Steven Scruggs of the Knoxville Re-Animation Coalition .
On this land off Bethel Avenue in East Knoxville sits the graves of Knoxville 's African-American soldiers from the Civil War .
“ Of those 34 we have located 22 to 23 stones and that was a major accomplishment . ”
Scruggs has made it their mission to keep this bit of history alive for all to cherish .
“ The Black soldiers [ were apart of ] the first United States Colored Heavy Artillery formed out of the unit in Ohio . 2274 members in total during the Civil War were in the first United States colored heavy artillery . ”
Scruggs has teamed up with students from the University of Tennessee to maintain the property , but also discover the names and stories of the soldiers that rest in peace there . Many prominent African-Americans are buried there . Calvin “ Cal ” Johnson , Knoxville 's first African-American millionaire and William Yardley , a former city alderman and 1876 candidate for governor of Tennessee are just two of many .
“ Unfortunately they 're over 5000 burials in this area and only 500 stones remaining . ”
Scruggs ' program takes the life stories of these soldiers and passes them on to local students in the scholar 's program . In 2013 , they won first place in the high school division of the Knoxville Film Festival for their film “ Cemetery of Life . ”
“ It was n't taught to me and I take great pleasure in getting that information to young kids long before I was able to get it ”
Scruggs takes pride in knowing the cemetery and its history is being kept alive .
After scoring on their competitive debut for Cinderford Town , striker Declan Morley-Lyne is likely to miss ' a couple of weeks ' with a hamstring strain , writes Johnny Morton .
It only took the former Lydney Town forward seven minutes to open their Division One South & West account , but had to be replaced shortly after , and manager Paul Michael says Morley-Lyne now faces some time on the sideline .
`` He took their goal really well , '' said Michael .
`` He has got a hamstring strain and had to come off shortly after their goal .
`` We could keep trying to manage them through the games , but that would probably mean them not playing to their full potential , so we probably have to have a look at them having a short break for a couple of weeks and get them fit . ''
The Foresters went on to draw 1-1 with Swindon Supermarine , and Michael says it 'felt like a defeat ' .
`` I was very pleased with the performance , '' they added .
`` We created a lot of chances and restricted them to very few , and it felt like a defeat at the end in the changing room . Having missed a penalty , hit the crossbar and squandered other chances .
`` It was certainly a team performance out there . We were together defensively and the shape was excellent .
`` Although we afforded them more possession , we did n't give many chances and that was very pleasing , and that showed the togetherness . ''
Cinderford travel to perennial play-off contenders Evesham United on Wednesday night , with Lewis Bamford likely returning to the squad .
Evesham came from 2-0 down to pick up a point at Larkhall Athletic on Saturday , and Michael is expecting a tough match against ' a top team ' in the first local derby of the season for both sides .
`` As soon as we finished the game , attention turned to Wednesday night and everyone is looking forward to that one , '' they said .
`` It 's a big game against another top team . ''
UK 's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins , a British engineering and design consultancy , said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent , helped by its North American business .
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac .
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free , but Ford does n't have the replacement parts yet . It will notify owners when the parts are available .
Q & A : Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers . In exchange , they have promised to cut regulations and taxes .
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards '' The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over , it 's over , '' Trump told the crowd .
BARCELONA As Barcelona prepare to chase down La Liga leaders Real Madrid on Sunday the club 's directors should be asking themselves why the expansive squad revamp they pursued last summer has failed so miserably in contrast to Real 's `` less is more '' approach .
The Catalans splurged over 120 million euros ( $ 128.5 million ) to give coach Luis Enrique the opportunity to rest their most prized assets and avoid the burnout which lead to them almost throwing away the league title last season .
Yet of the six players Barça snapped up , only defender Samuel Umtiti could be classed as a successful signing , while Paco Alcacer and Andre Gomes have been derided as expensive flops .
Real , however , bucked their trend of making marquee signings each summer and brought in just two players after winning the Champions League last season , Alvaro Morata returning from Juventus for 30 million euros and Marco Asensio recalled from their loan at Espanyol .
It was the first time in 18 years -- and the first time under spendthrift president Florentino Perez -- that Real had spent less money than they had earned in a summer but the restraint they showed in the market looks to be paying off .
Thanks partly to the performances of their squad players , Real lead Barça by three points and have a game in hand going into Sunday 's `` Clasico '' at the Santiago Bernabeu , where a win would put them within touching distance of a first league title since 2012 .
Morata has scored 11 goals in 21 league appearances and only 10 starts , while Asensio has nine goals in 14 starts in all competitions plus two assists , and existing squad players have also played vital roles .
Homegrown winger Lucas Vazquez has proved a more than able deputy for record signing Gareth Bale , whose season has been blighted by injury , while Spain international Isco has scored nine goals in 15 league starts and netted twice in Sunday 's 3-2 win at Sporting Gijon .
Zinedine Zidane 's side have been frequently criticised in the Spanish press for their unconvincing displays this term , but the overriding quality of their squad has helped them deliver maximum points in difficult games at the likes of Sporting , Leganes and Eibar .
LIFELESS PERFORMANCES
Barça 's back-up players have proved much less successful .
Luis Enrique made a raft of changes for the visit of newly promoted Alaves back in September but saw their side suffer a shock 2-1 defeat . Their rotations also backfired in a 4-3 loss at Celta Vigo in October , not helped by the absence of talisman Lionel Messi due to injury .
Barça were missing Neymar in their 2-1 defeat at Deportivo La Coruna in March and were without Gerard Pique and Sergio Busquets in a 2-0 reverse at Malaga earlier in April .
Barça 's biggest challenge has been to take the weight off Messi , Luis Suarez and Neymar , with their five outfield recruits mustering just seven league goals between them .
Alcacer has been the most productive with four strikes , although their tally pales in comparison with Morata , who was signed for the same price . Andre Gomes , meanwhile , has received the most criticism for many lifeless performances following their 35-million-euro move from Valencia .
`` If I do n't rotate , the players wo n't last another two weeks , '' Luis Enrique said in January as they sought to justify their rotation policy despite the dearth of quality among their second-string players .
And if Barça lose out on the title to Real Madrid , serious questions will be raised about how they failed to strengthen their thin squad despite spending so much money trying to fix it .
( Reporting by Richard Martin , ; Editing by Neville Dalton )
World Cup in Russia and Why Football Matters
This week 's Hard Facts looks at what is proving to be one of the most memorable World Cups ever , with Moscow-based radio host Alan Moore .
Much to the disappointment bordering on devastation of assorted neocons and Russophobes in the West , the Russia 2018 World Cup has been a rip-roaring success , replete with high drama on the pitch and by wide acclaim the most joyous and celebratory atmosphere of any World Cup tournament in living memory of it .
Indeed the tournament in Russia has been such a success that it invites the question of what it is about football/soccer that engenders such emotion , passion and joy ? Those who claim that spectator sport , and in this instance football , constitutes a distraction , a stultifying exercise in bread and circuses designed to dull the consciousness of the masses , those people could not be more wrong .
For rather than a distraction or escape from reality , football as a mass spectator sport is arguably a distillation of reality into 90 minutes . The gamut of human emotions experienced by the crowd and on display on the pitch — joy , euphoria , triumph , despair , anguish and disappointment — remind us of that which connects rather than divides us .
The interaction among the crowd reaffirms a primal desire for collectivism , solidarity , togetherness and social bonds of common purpose .
So , no , football is not a denial of reality it is its embrace .
On this special World Cup episode we are joined by host of Capital FM Moscow and sports journalist , Alan Moore .
Hard Facts is out every Wednesday . You can join in the conversation here .
April 24 ( UPI ) -- Utah Senate candidate Mitt Romney gave Russell Westbrook the business while sitting court side , heckling the Oklahoma City Thunder star for racking up fouls against the Utah Jazz .
Romney talked the trash during the Thunder 's 113-96 loss to the Jazz Monday at Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Westbrook dealt with foul trouble early on in the contest , due to their overly-aggressive defensive tactics . They earned their fourth foul of the game with 1:36 remaining in the second quarter . Jazz fans became boisterous when they realized that the 2016-2017 NBA MVP was in foul trouble .
Romney , 71 , was among those Jazz supporters screaming at the superstar . They also held up four fingers , symbolizing the number of fouls Westbrook had collected against the Jazz . NBA rules stipulate that if a player commits six fouls , they are ineligible to return to the court . Westbrook finished the night with five infractions .
The former Massachusetts governor and GOP presidential candidate wore a No . 5 Jazz jersey over a buttoned-down dress shirt during the game . The customized jersey had `` Romney '' stitched on the rear nameplate . Romney sat just behind the press row .
Romney previously supported the Boston Celtics when they were governor of Massachusetts .
The Republican politician was forced into a primary election against Rep. Mike Kennedy in Utah 's Senate race after they failed to gather the votes necessary at the Utah Republican Convention to clinch an outright nomination .
Westbrook scored 23 points and had 14 rebounds and three steals in the loss . The Thunder host Game 5 of the Western Conference playoff series at 9:30 p.m. Wednesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City , Okla. Utah holds a 3-1 lead in the series .
St. George • A southern Utah man has been sentenced to prison for abusing and nearly killing their girlfriend 's 9-month-old son .
The Spectrum reports ( http : //bit.ly/2lP8A4U ) that 25-year-old Dakota Woolsey of Hurricane has been sentenced to up to 16 years in prison for child abuse .
Deputy County Attorney Zachary Weiland says the baby was physically abused and the child 's 3-year-old brother was also mentally harmed . Weiland says the boy is convinced they will be found dead .
According to the probable cause statement , the baby showed signs of having been choked and had bruises on their chest , neck and back . Officials also found fractured ribs and fracture lower leg bones that appear to be older injuries .
FORT COLLINS , Colo. — Colorado State has placed basketball coach Larry Eustachy on administrative leave while the school looks into the `` climate of the program . ''
Athletic director Joe Parker says in a statement that assistant Steve Barnes will coach Saturday 's game against Nevada and `` until the assessment is complete . ''
Parker says the university is proceeding `` as expeditiously as possible , understanding the importance of a thorough and fair process . '' They add that `` no conclusions have been made . ''
On Wednesday , Parker said the school was evaluating the team but offered no details . Eustachy coached that night .
The United Airlines scandal involving a passenger who was roughly “ re-accommodated ” out of an overbooked flight has sparked countless jokes memes and parodies . Now here 's a video teaser of something which could become a blockbuster among mobile video games : A UA fighter game for everyone to experience how it feels like to be dragged off a plane .
FAIRFIELD , Calif. — An active shooter situation has been reported at Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield , California .
At least one shot was heard , according to CNN .
The base announced on its Facebook page that it is responding to a “ real world security incident. ” According to the page , the incident “ is real world and not associated with the scheduled base exercise . ”
The public was advised to stay away from the base to make sure emergency responders can respond .
The base is located in Solano County , southwest of Sacramento .
Check back for updates on this developing story .
Emmanuel Macron , head of the political movement En Marche ! , or Onwards ! , and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election , waves from their car as they leaf their home before voting in the first round of 2017 French presidential election in Le Touquet , northern France , ... REUTERS/Reuters TV
BRUSSELS Belgian and Swiss media carried reports on Sunday saying that unidentified pollsters believed Emmanuel Macron would reach the French presidential runoff but that it was unclear who their opponent would be .
France 's official polling watchdog told Reuters last week that the country 's nine main pollsters had committed to refrain from carrying out exit polls and said anything purporting to reflect results before the last polling stations close at 8 PM in France ( 2.00 p.m . ET ) could only be a rumour at best .
Pollsters also said they would not do exit polls from Sunday 's first round of voting .
All the Belgian media stressed that the findings , whose sources they did not disclose , were provisional and subject to change .
An hour before polls close , at which time French polling agencies will be allowed under national law to release forecasts of the first-round result , Belgium 's French-speaking public broadcaster RTBF forecast independent centrist Macron would secure first place , ahead of far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen .
The country 's two other leading French-language newspapers , Le Soir and La Libre Belgique , carried similar reports online , as did the Swiss newspaper Le Temps in Geneva . However , all four media said Le Pen 's lead over conservative Francois Fillon and leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon was too close to call .
The top two candidates will run off for the French presidency on May 7 .
( Reporting by Alastair Macdonald ; Editing by Andrew Callus )
Brown news release ...
Philadelphia , Pa. - Despite 29 points by Brown first-year student guard Desmond Cambridge ( Nashville , TN ) , Penn rallied for a 95-90 overtime win over the Bears at the Palestra behind 22 points by senior Caleb Wood .
The Quakers remain unbeaten in Ivy League play with a 4-0 record , 14-6 overall , while Brown falls to 2-3 in the league , 9-9 overall .
After 10 second half lead changes , Bears ' first-year student Matt DeWolf ( Barrington , RI ) gave Brown a 71-70 lead with 8:01 left in regulation . The lead was extended to six points , 82-76 , with 3:09 left on a layup by Obi Okolie ( Ajax , Ontario ) .
Penn battled back to tie the game , 82-82 , on two free throws by Darnell Foreman with 1:12 left on the clock . Both teams had opportunities in the final minute , but Quakers ' guard Ryan Betley was unable to connect on a contested layup with four seconds left in regulation .
In overtime , Brown 's Zach Hunsaker ( Orem , UT ) gave the Bears a 90-89 lead on a layup with 1:30 remaining , but Quakers ' guard Darnell Foreman hit one free throw with 1:11 left to tie the game , 90-90 .
Max Rothschild connected on a layup with 31 seconds left on the clock to give Penn the lead for good , 92-90 . The Quakers added three free throws in the final 15 seconds preserve the victory .
The Quakers paraded to the free throw line 44 times , with Brown being whistled for 30 fouls . The Bears connected on 12-of-19 free throws .
“ We just did n't do enough down the stretch to earn the win , ” said Brown head coach Mike Martin . “ Up six points with three minutes remaining , we just could n't put them away . Credit Penn , who held us scoreless . ”
Cambridge put on a dazzling offensive display , connecting on 12-of-19 field goals for the Bears , including 4-of-7 treys , in scoring their 29 points . Brown sophomore guard Brandon Anderson ( Mahwah , NJ ) 18 points and a career high seven assists , while Hunsaker finished with 14 points and a career best six rebounds . Freshman forward Tamenang Choh ( Lowell , MA ) chipped in with 12 points and a career high eight rebounds .
Wood 's 22 points came on phenomenal 8-of-10 shooting from the field , including 4-of-6 from beyond the 3-point arc . Antonio Woods had 21 points for the Quakers , while Rothschild finished with 15 points and Betley 16 points .
Brown opened up an 18-15 in the opening seven minutes with Cambridge scoring half of the points for the Bears .
The Bears ' largest lead of the half came on a free throw by Anderson with 1:51 left , giving Brown a 41-33 advantage . A 9-2 run by the Quakers to end the half , capped by a 35-foot trey by Woods at the buzzer , cut Brown 's halftime lead to 43-42 .
The Bears complete their southern swing of the Ivy schedule tomorrow evening , Friday , February 3 , traveling to Princeton to face the Princeton Tigers . Tip-off is 6:00 pm at Jadwin Gymnasium .
These men — because they are almost exclusively men — have a plan for what to do with the wealth : They want to build a crypto utopia , a new city where the money is virtual and the contracts are all public , to show the rest of the world what a crypto future could look like .
Here 's a look at the life of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro .
Scroll for more content ...
Personal : Birth date : August 13 , 1926
Death date : November 25 , 2016
birthplace : Biran , Cuba
Birth name : Fidel Alejandro Castro Ruz
Father : Angel Castro , wealthy landowner
Mother : Lina Ruz , cook and maid to Angel Castro 's first wife
Marriage : Dalia Soto del Valle ( date unavailable-November 25 , 2016 , their death ) ; Mirta Diaz-Balart ( October 12 , 1948-1955 , divorced )
Children : with Natalia Revuelta : Alina ; with unknown woman : Jorge Angel ; with Dalia Soto del Valle : Alexis , Alexander , Antonio , Alejandro , Angel ; with Mirta Diaz-Balart : Fidel `` Fidelito ''
Education : Colegio Dolores in Santiago de Cuba , 1942 ; Colegio Belen in Havana , 1945 ; University of Havana , doctorate in 1950
Other Facts : Led the overthrow of the Batista dictatorship of Cuba in 1959 .
Made Cuba the first Communist country in the Western Hemisphere .
Brought social reforms to Cuba , but was criticized for oppressing human rights and freedom of speech .
During their time in office , thousands of Cubans sought exile in the United States .
Timeline :
1947 - Castro participates in an unsuccessful rebellion in the Dominican Republic against Generalissimo Rafael Trujillo .
1952 - Castro runs for parliament . The government is overthrown on March 10 , 1952 , by Fulgencio Batista , and the elections are suspended .
July 26 , 1953 - Castro and approximately 150 others attack the Moncada military barracks in Santiago de Cuba in an unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Batista regime .
October 16 , 1953 - Castro is sentenced to 15 years in prison .
May 15 , 1955 - Fidel and Raul Castro are released as part of a general amnesty for political prisoners . They go into exile in Mexico . While in Mexico , they meet Argentine physician Che Guevara . The three organize a group of Cuban exiles into a new guerrilla group .
December 2 , 1956 - Eighty-two exiles land in Cuba , on a yacht named Granma . Most are killed immediately . The survivors , including Guevara and the Castro 's , flee to the Sierra Maestra Mountains . Between 1957 and 1958 , they wage a guerrilla campaign from this base , which includes skirmishes with government troops and burning sugar crops .
January 1 , 1959 - Batista is overthrown by Castro 's forces .
January 2 , 1959 - Manuel Urrutia is named the new president . Jose Miro Cardona is appointed prime minister .
February 16 , 1959 - Castro takes over as prime minister .
April 15-26 , 1959 - Castro visits the United States .
May 8 , 1960 - Cuba and the Soviet Union establish formal diplomatic relations .
September 1960 - Castro addresses the United Nations General Assembly .
April 17 , 1961 - A group of approximately 1,300 Cuban exiles land at Playa Giron ( Bay of Pigs ) . Armed with US weapons , they make an unsuccessful attempt to overthrow Castro . The survivors are released in December 1962 , in exchange for $ 53 million in food and medicine .
December 3 , 1976 - Castro becomes president of the State Council . This new title replaces the posts of president and prime minister .
March 18 , 1977 - President Jimmy Carter ends the ban on US travel to Cuba .
April-September 1980 - Some 125,000 Cubans immigrate to the United States . This exodus becomes known as the Mariel Boatlift .
April 19 , 1982 - President Ronald Reagan reinstates the ban on US travel to Cuba .
August 19 , 1994 - President Bill Clinton announces an end to the US `` open door '' policy on Cuban refugees , established by President Lyndon Johnson in 1966 . From now on , Cubans intercepted at sea will be repatriated , but those who reach land will be allowed to stay .
January 21-25 , 1998 - Castro welcomes Pope John Paul II as the pontiff begins a historic five-day visit . This marks the first time a pope has ever visited Cuba .
December 13 , 2000 - Russian President Vladimir Putin meets with Castro in Cuba .
June 23 , 2001 - Appears ill during a speech and is helped from the podium .
Spring 2003 - Castro cracks down on dissidents , giving long sentences to 75 arrested activists .
October 20 , 2004 - After delivering a speech , Castro falls while leaving the podium .
July 31 , 2006 - A statement read on Cuban TV announces that Castro is undergoing intestinal surgery and has provisionally handed over power to their brother Raul . The arrangement is expected to last for several weeks while Castro recuperates .
June 3 , 2007 - Castro is shown on Cuban TV standing and greeting a visitor .
October 29 , 2007 - Castro publishes their autobiography `` My Life '' in the United Kingdom . The book contains a series of interviews done with journalist Ignacio Ramonet . The book is released in the US in early 2008 .
February 19 , 2008 - Due to ailing health , Castro announces their resignation as president in a letter published in the middle of the night in the online version of Cuba 's state-run newspaper , Granma .
December 4 , 2008 - In an essay , writes that Cuba would be willing to talk with President Barack Obama 's administration .
March 22 , 2011 - In an essay published in Cuban state media , Castro writes that they resigned as head of the Communist party when they fell ill on July 31 , 2006 , and never tried to resume their position .
February 3 , 2012 - Castro publishes a two-volume memoir of their life , `` Fidel Castro Ruz : Guerrilla of Time , '' based on conversations with the journalist Katiuska Blanco .
October 22 , 2012 - The Cuban government steps up efforts to prove Castro is still in good health . Former Venezuelan Vice President Elias Jaua claims to have met with Castro and shows reporters a photo of the two of them together .
January 26 , 2015 - A published letter purportedly written by Castro endorses the fledgling talks to restore diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States even though Castro still `` does n't trust '' US policies .
March 2 , 2015 - Cuba 's state-run press publishes photos of Castro speaking with five Cuban intelligence agents recently released by the United States in a prisoner swap .
April 19 , 2016 - Castro addresses their mortality at the end of a three-day Cuban Communist Party Congress saying , `` Soon I will turn 90 years old , never would such a thing have occurred to me and it 's not the outcome of any effort ; it was fate 's whim , soon I will be like everyone else . To all of us comes our turn . ''
November 25 , 2016 - President Raul Castro announces the death of their older brother . Cuba begins an official mourning period where all activities and public performances stop , and the flag will fly at half-staff in public and military establishments . Radio and television will broadcast patriotic and historical programming , the Cuban state news outlet reported .
February 1 , 2018 - Castro 's oldest son , Fidel `` Fidelito '' Castro D-az-Balart , takes their own life , according to Cuban state media .
BREAKING : Two Dallas Police Department officers and one civilian have been shot and critically wounded . The gunman shot the three people at a Home Depot and they ran into the woods . The Police Department sent a message out that said : “ Please pray for our officers and their families . ”
Comments
3:01 Zion Williamson embracing spotlight , recruiting process Pause
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview : 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house , here 's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
Church of Scars Bishop Briggs
An album three years in the making , “ Church of Scars ” is the official full-length debut of London-born , Los Angeles–based singer Bishop Briggs , who performs under the name of their parents ' hometown in Scotland . First making waves in 2015 with their single “ Wild Horses , ” Briggs is most notable for their überconfident stage presence and their powerful voice . Vocally , Briggs ' first album is remarkable . Instrumentally and lyrically ? Not so much the case .
There is no doubt that every decision made on this album was about how best to showcase Briggs ' voice . The opening track , “ Tempt My Trouble , ” shows off the sultriness of Briggs ' vocals with the accompaniment of a catchy bass riff and a powerful breakdown in the bridge . The next song , “ River ” — a fan favorite that has been on the airwaves since 2016 — best displays their impressive vocal range while including a variety of energetic instrumentals . It even has a choir as backing vocals , making it an overall smash hit .
However , as the record progresses , the dependence on Briggs ' vocals leads the listener to realize that their songs are decidedly simple and often repetitive . Briggs ' first-ever single and second–most popular song , “ Wild Horses , ” is almost a carbon copy of “ River , ” with dry , boring acoustics leading to a drop that suffers from a total lack of energy . One of the final tracks , “ The Fire , ” suffers a similar problem . Though this song also showcases Briggs ' vocal range , the instrumentals feel like they are building to a big , impressive climax , but once the song reaches the chorus , the listener is left disappointed by incessant clapping and weak backup beats . Lyrically , the songs on this album are repetitive . In “ Hallowed Ground , ” the fact that most of the song 's lyrics are the same phrase being repeated 38 times takes them otherwise impressive voice out of focus .
Though Briggs is able to impress with their vocal prowess , “ Church of Scars , ” though long anticipated , leaves a hollow feeling of unfulfilled expectations . This record consists of similar-sounding , radio-friendly songs that are not nearly as dynamic as they could be . Given better instrumentation and without the same handful of phrases repeated in every song , this album could have been stronger than it ended up being .
More content from Briggs will definitely follow , of that there is no doubt — the incredible range and passion of their vocals are unforgettable . But on its own , “ Church of Scars ” is not the debut that fans had hoped for .
The Wayne State College baseball team will hold their Salute to Veterans games on Saturday , April 28 , when the Wildcats host Sioux Falls at 1:30 p.m . The salute is hosted in coordination with Northeast Nebraska Community Action Partnership ( NENCAP ) .
Salute to Veterans game-day activities will include an honorary first pitch and presentation of the colors by the Wayne State College ROTC .
Veterans of the United States Armed Forces will be honored at the game . Veterans are eligible to receive complimentary admission to the game and reserved parking ( while it is available ) .
Wayne State College Athletics is pleased to cosponsor this Salute to Veterans with Northeast Nebraska Community Action Partnership through their Supportive Services for Veteran Families ( SSVF ) Program . The program provides supportive services to low-income Veteran families in or transitioning to permanent housing . NENCAP is able to assist low-income Veteran families by providing a range of supportive services designed to promote housing stability . Representatives of the Northeast Nebraska Community Action Partnership will be present at the game to answer questions and hand out further information about their program .
The idea for the salute to veterans and the coordination for the game is a project of WSC Business Administration service-learning students under the direction of Laura Dendinger , Professor of Business & Economics .
THE most bizarre rumour you 'll see in a while , Manchester United kit leaks but French concern grows over Paul Pogba .
It 's a Tuesday edition of Paper Talk .
SHOW ME THE MONEY
What is Floyd Mayweather meant to do with all their money ?
Well , with rumours about potential buyers for Newcastle United doing the rounds in the UK , Floyd Money Mayweather Junior 's name has come up as a shock potential buyer .
Admittedly , this sale by maligned boss Mike Ashley has even seen WWE CEO Vince McMahon linked as an interested party . But The Daily Star is reporting that the boxing icon is looking at buying the club as an option for something to do , and to keep the notorious publicity hungry athlete in the spotlight , now that they have retired .
“ You better believe if I were to invest in Newcastle I would be back partying there often , ” they reportedly said .
Camera Icon Actor Jack Nicholson , center , talks with boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. Picture : AP
“ I love Newcastle . Those guys like to party as hard as any city I have been to anywhere in the world . I met some of the players last year – and they are good guys . I am always open to new business opportunities and I love all sports , but I invest with my head not my heart .
“ Investing with your heart is the quickest way to lose money . But if somebody put together a business plan and my people looking over it and went ‘ Floyd that can make money ' then I would invest . Soccer might not be my game but I 've got connections everywhere .
Camera Icon Maybe Rafa Benitez should stick around , after all . Picture : Getty Images
“ Cristiano Ronaldo has been a long-time supporter and buddy of mine , so I might even be able to get them to finish their career off at Newcastle . ”
Outspoken bravado or genuine interest ? We 'll wait and see , but as the first boxer to eclipse $ 1 billion in earnings , they can most definitely afford it .
VERY NICE
Well , Manchester United better start playing with a bit more class next season , because according to notorious kit leak source Footy Headlines , their 2018-2019 away kit is simply beautiful .
The midnight shade of blue will have a gold trim as well – it befits a club of that magnitude . Well , it befits its history . Now , performances will need to go with it !
If Manchester United fans are a bit sceptical , that 's understandable . Just last week , this jersey - which looks like their home kit got messed up in the wash - was leaked as well .
Camera Icon Or is this Manchester United 's away kit for next season ? Picture : FOX SPORTS
POGBA ‘ CAN NOT BE HAPPY '
France boss Didier Deschamps is worried about Paul Pogba .
Deschamps told L'Equipe : “ This is a situation that they must not appreciate because of everything they would have been able to offer . There must be numerous reasons .
“ He can not be happy with what they are going through with their club . ”
Camera Icon France 's midfielder Paul Pogba in France training . Picture : AFP
Deschamps added : “ It 's not specific to Paul . It can happen elsewhere that a player is a bit down or is going through a particular situation with their club .
“ That could be Paul now , or others at other times , and I will do as I always do and talk to that player to understand better , because I do n't have all the information . ”
At least Deschamps gets the chance to watch them for themselves in friendlies against Colombia and Russia .
Johnathan Williams had 13 points and 10 rebounds for Gonzaga ( 21-4 , 11-1 West Coast ) , which had lost to BYU at home each of the previous three seasons . Perkins added seven assists .
TJ Haws had 22 points for BYU ( 18-7 , 7-5 ) , which was coming off a head-scratching road loss at Loyola Marymount . Luke Worthington added 16 points and Yoeli Childs had 14 .
`` We played hard and if we keep playing like that , I have no doubt we will have a great February and be a very successful team in March , '' Worthington said .
BYU coach Dave Rose said their players were frustrated by the loss .
`` I thought we played well , '' Rose said . `` If we hit a couple more 3s , it may have been a different story . '' The Cougars were only 3 of 20 from 3-point range .
`` We 're a skilled group , but we got into situations where their physicality overwhelmed us , '' Rose said .
Although Gonzaga has lost only 15 times in the McCarthey Athletic Center since it opened in 2004 , three of those were to BYU in the past three years . Last year 's loss in the final game of the regular season was top-ranked Gonzaga 's first defeat .
Few said they are n't troubled by past results .
`` I just wanted to win , '' they said .
Haws ' 3-pointer brought BYU within 57-55 , and their next basket tied the score at 59 with 2:39 left .
Zach Norvell Jr. sank a 3-pointer and Williams hit a layup for a 64-60 Gonzaga lead with 1:36 left .
BYU turned the ball over on its next two possessions and the Zags extended their lead at the free throw line .
Gonzaga used an 8-0 run midway through the first half to build a 24-17 lead . Gonzaga extended the lead to 36-26 at halftime , after limiting BYU to 41 per cent shooting .
The Bulldogs went cold in the second half , and Haws hit a 3-pointer to bring the Cougars within 39-35 .
Two free throws by Elijah Bryant tied the score at 43 with 13 minutes left .
BRYANT STYMIED
BYU leading scorer Elijah Bryant was held to four points and shot just 1 of 11 from the floor . `` They always seem to have one or two guys that can take away your best scorers , '' Rose said .
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Zags have a chance to move up in the polls as three teams ranked above them lost on Saturday .
BIG PICTURE
BYU : Childs has scored in double figures in all but one game this season . The Cougars had lost two of their previous three games . They are seeking a 13th straight season with at least 20 wins .
Gonzaga : The Bulldogs have won at least 20 games for the 21st consecutive season . They have six players averaging in double figures and their 87.4 points per game are fifth in the nation .
UP NEXT
BYU hosts Santa Clara next Thursday .
Gonzaga plays at Pacific next Thursday and has a rematch against No . 13 Saint Mary 's next Saturday .
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Nicholas K. Geranios , The Associated Press
Things are continuing to heat up in the 2018 Verizon IndyCar Series , as the teams and drivers head to Iowa Speedway this weekend for the eleventh round of the championship ; the 2018 Iowa Corn 300 . Including this weekend , only seven races remain until the champion will be crowned , with Scott Dixon currently holding a sizable advantage over their numerous rivals . Here is everything you need to know ahead of this weekend 's event .
What happened in 2017 at Iowa Speedway ?
As was the case in many races of the 2017 Verizon IndyCar Series , Team Penske put in a great performance in qualifying . Will Power put in a stunning lap right at the end of the session to take pole position , with a sizable advantage of three-tenths of a second over their nearest rival , JR Hildebrand in the Ed Carpenter Racing Chevrolet .
Power led early on in the race , but it soon became apparent that they did not quite have the pace of others around him . Hildebrand jumped Power later on in the race and led some laps for himself , but ultimately , it was Helio Castroneves who would get out front and stay out front .
Castroneves would go on to lead 217 of the 300 laps that made up the race distance , a dominant display from the Penske driver . The Brazilian veteran would take the chequered flag to win the race , with just under four seconds separating them from second-placed Hildebrand .
For Castroneves , it was a long-awaited return to victory circle , having endured a three-year winless streak up until that point . The win may well have been their last ever in the Verizon IndyCar Series , with Helio being moved by Penske from a full-time IndyCar seat to a full-time IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar championship ride for 2018 .
Ryan Hunter-Reay , a previous three-time victor at Iowa Speedway , defied a poor qualifying performance to finish in third place for Andretti Autosport . Pole-sitter Power would finish fourth , with Graham Rahal completing the top five .
You can read the reports from last year 's qualifying and race at Iowa by following the links below :
What should I look out for this weekend ?
With seven races remaining until the 2018 champion is crowned , every race from here on out could be crucial for the outcome of the season . Chip Ganassi Racing ‘ s Scott Dixon currently leads the championship with a big lead of forty-five points over second-placed Ryan Hunter-Reay and Alexander Rossi .
Dixon will be hoping that they can keep their championship advantage as high as possible with a strong finish this weekend . However , Iowa Speedway remains one of the few tracks that Dixon has yet to win at in their Verizon IndyCar Series career . In eleven previous starts , they have only had two podium finishes .
On the other hand , Dixon 's nearest title rival , Hunter-Reay , has scored three victories at Iowa , the most of any active driver . They last won this race back in 2015 , just before they began a near three-year winless streak . That streak was broken back in Detroit last month , with Hunter-Reay now on a run of great form that has seen them jump up toward the top of the standings . A fourth Iowa win this weekend would see Ryan eat into the advantage that Dixon currently holds , which could be important by the time the final race of the year comes around at Sonoma .
Alexander Rossi , too , currently sits forty-five points behind Dixon in the championship . The Californian driver , who led the way in the opening stages of the season , has had an unlucky run during the last few races . They have finished on the podium twice since their dominant win at Long Beach in April , but they have also had three finishes outside the top ten ; including the last time-out at Road America when they suffered a puncture whilst running in the top five .
Rossi has raced at Iowa twice in their short IndyCar career , finishing sixth in 2016 and eleventh last year . They will be hoping to be contending for a win so they can try and come back toward the top of the standings . They will also hope to stay out of any trouble , having attracted criticism after the last race due to incidents with both Robert Wickens and Takuma Sato .
One final driver to keep an eye on will be Penske 's Will Power . The Australian is hoping to make a comeback for the second time this season . After a tough start to the season , Power rocketed up to the championship lead after winning the Grand Prix of Indianapolis and the Indianapolis 500 , but after two successive retirements in the last two races at Texas and Road America , they have slumped back to fifth place . Iowa has not always been a happy hunting ground for Will , who has finished on the podium just once in their eleven starts there , but a turnaround in fortunes this weekend could do wonders for their potential championship bid .
Taking a step back from the drivers , it will be interesting to see the kind of racing we see on-track at Iowa Speedway this weekend . Whilst the new-for-2018 universal aero-kit has been met mostly with praise , there have been some who have not been so happy with how it has affected the oval races , with drivers stating that it is harder to overtake now . With any luck , those issues will not come again this weekend , so that we can be treated to another exciting instalment of the 2018 Verizon IndyCar series .
What is the schedule for the weekend ?
Saturday 23 June
11:15 ET / 16:150 GMT – Practice one
15:30ET / 20:30 GMT – Qualifying
18:45ET / 23:45 GMT – Practice two
Sunday 24 June
14:40 ET / 19:40 GMT – Race
Where can I watch the Iowa Corn 300 ?
Tickets are still available for this weekend 's race . Head to Iowa Speedway 's website for more information .
In the United Kingdom , television coverage is limited to just the races only . Race day coverage will start at 19:00 on BT Sport ESPN .
In the United States , television coverage for the race at Road America will be provided by NBCSN .
Further coverage of practice and qualifying will be provided for all via IndyCar 's YouTube channel and Facebook page .
How can I keep up to date with all the race action ?
If you can not make it to Iowa for this weekend 's race , you can keep up to date with all the action across the weekend right here at The Checkered Flag . We will have coverage of not just this weekend 's practice , qualifying and race sessions , but for all on-track action throughout the season .
Be sure to also follow IndyCar on Twitter – @ IndyCar – for live updates throughout the event .
Reclaim The City made the announcement on their Facebook page on Wednesday evening .
The RTC post read : Yesterday in writing from Ian Neilson and today on Kieno Kammies , the City of Cape Town just committed to develop affordable housing on Rasta Dolophini Site in Green Point - formerly the unused Bowling Greens !
The City 's agreement comes after RTC activists called for the Rasta Dolophini Site to be developed to house lower income people working in the city . The site of the former bowling green has been vacant since a fire in 2016 saw the closure of the bowling club .
On Saturday Ndifuna Ukwazi held a gathering on vacant council land to highlight the plight of domestic workers , security guards and caretakers who are in desperate need of affordable housing in Green Point , which boasts a number of sports and recreation facilities .
The Green Point announcement comes just weeks after the City announced that it was planning new social housing developments for Woodstock , where activists occupied Woodstock Hospital as well as the Helen Bowden Nursing Home .
IOL
Cape Town - Housing activists are ecstatic after the City of Cape Town reportedly agreed to develop affordable housing on the site of the former Green Point Bowling Greens .
* Korean won , Taiwan dollar , Singapore dollar edge lower * Taiwan dollar loses for a seventh straight session * Philippine peso at its highest since early Feb ( Adds details , updates prices ) By Rushil Dutta April 10 All Asian currencies besides the Philippine peso were weaker on Monday as heightened geopolitical tension weighed on investor sentiment , turning their focus towards safe assets . The Korean won , down 0.67 percent , fell for a fifth straight session and was the biggest loser in the region . The won , which has weakened on growing concerns over North Korea 's weapons programme , was further dented after a U.S. official said a U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the Korean peninsula as a show of force . `` The KRW ( won ) looks susceptible to further losses , especially if geopolitical tensions escalate , '' ANZ said in a note . The U.S. Navy move comes after the United States last week struck a Syrian air base in retaliation for a Syrian chemical weapons attack , triggering a rally in safe haven assets and pushing up oil prices . Asian stocks excluding Japan also slipped in the risk-off environment , falling on Monday for a third consecutive session . The Taiwan dollar fell for a seventh day against the dollar , while the Singapore dollar , down 0.23 percent , saw its fifth straight session of losses . The U.S. dollar , which rose 0.1 percent to a three-week high , was bolstered by a key U.S. Federal Reserve official reinforcing the central bank 's commitment to raising interest rates . Major U.S. indexes , however , closed lower after a key jobs report on Friday showed the economy only added 98,000 jobs in March , well below economists ' expectation of 180,000 . PHILIPPINE PESO The Philippine peso bucked the trend by rising on strong net inflows to the Philippine equity market during the past week . The peso was up 0.65 percent against the dollar to its highest since early February . `` The rise of inflows is likely due to temporarily eased concerns about political instability , '' said Amy Yuan Zhuang , Nordea Markets ' chief analyst . `` Investors are looking past [ President Rodrigo ] Duterte 's controversial statements and are instead focusing on what they might achieve on the economic agenda . '' Thousands have died in Duterte 's controversial war on drugs which and their incendiary tirades against some world leaders and international regulatory bodies have added to uncertainty in the Philippines ' political sphere . CURRENCIES VS U.S. DOLLAR Change on the day at 0430 GMT Currency The Latest bid Previous day Pct Move Japan yen 111.380 111.05 -0.30 Sing dlr 1.407 1.4043 -0.20 Taiwan dlr 30.660 30.601 -0.19 Korean won 1142.100 1134.5 -0.67 Baht 34.649 34.599 -0.14 Peso 49.755 50.08 +0.65 Rupiah 13320.000 13315 -0.04 Rupee 64.423 64.28 -0.22 Ringgit 4.438 4.4335 -0.10 Yuan 6.907 6.9010 -0.08 Change so far Currency The Latest bid End 2016 Pct Move Japan yen 111.380 117.07 +5.11 Sing dlr 1.407 1.4490 +2.98 Taiwan dlr 30.660 32.279 +5.28 Korean won 1142.100 1207.70 +5.74 Baht 34.649 35.80 +3.32 Peso 49.755 49.72 -0.07 Rupiah 13320.000 13470 +1.13 Rupee 64.423 67.92 +5.43 Ringgit 4.438 4.4845 +1.05 Yuan 6.907 6.9467 +0.58 ( Reporting by Rushil Dutta ; Additional reporting by Aparajita Saxena in Bengaluru ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
April 5 * * Russia 's toy seller Detsky Mir has closed book building for its 3 billion roubles ( $ 53.47 million ) exchange-traded BO-04 series bonds
* * The coupon rate for the period until put option exercisable 3 years after the placement has been set at 9.5 pct per annum , the bonds mature in 7 years
* * During book building Detsky Mir received more than 50 applications from a wide range of investors . The aggregate demand for the bonds exceeded 12 billion roubles
* * The initial guidance for the first coupon of 9.85-10.10 percent per annum had been revised during book building until final 9.50 percent per annum , implying spread to federal loan bonds of 150-160 basis points and record low `` single-B '' category among the issues in the recent years
* * Raised funds will be used to refinance current loan portfolio
* * Placement organizers are VTB Capital , Raiffeisenbank , Sberbank CIB , placement agent is Gazprombank
For further company coverage For the story in Russian , click ( $ 1 = 56.1021 roubles ) ( Reported by Elena Orekhova , translated by Gdynia newsroom )
Freshman Jaylen Hands will return to UCLA after flirting with the NBA , the school announced Wednesday , the deadline for early entrants to withdraw from the draft and retain their college eligibility .
Hands is the second UCLA first-year student to withdraw from the draft , joining fellow guard Kris Wilkes , who announced their decision Tuesday . They could still be joined by forward Cody Riley , who declared for the draft despite not playing in any games as a first-year student due to suspension .
“ I 'm excited for what 's ahead here at UCLA , ” Hands said in a statement issued by UCLA . “ The pre-draft evaluations were extremely helpful , and I 'd like to thank everybody who played a role in helping me through that process . I 'm just focused on getting better , and I know that my teammates and I are looking forward to having a very productive summer and a big year . ”
The 6-foot-3 San Diego native averaged 9.9 points , 4.0 rebounds and 2.6 assists per game as a first-year student . They could share point guard duties with incoming first-year student Tyger Campbell , a four-star prospect who is part of UCLA 's third-straight top-5 recruiting class .
The Bruins lost star Aaron Holiday , who signed with an agent after leading the Pac-12 in scoring last year , but avoided major setbacks by getting Wilkes and Hands back . The pair of former McDonald 's All-Americans showed flashes of brilliance last year , but will now be counted on for leadership and experience as UCLA lost Holiday and senior center Thomas Welsh .
“ Jaylen has tremendous talent and he 's going to be a vital part of our team 's backcourt next season , ” head coach Steve Alford said in a statement . “ We 're really looking forward to watching them continue to get better here at UCLA , and they have a really big opportunity ahead of him . We 've told them that they have a lot of room to grow and improve , and he 's more than capable of becoming one of the country 's most dynamic players . ”
Have your say
Pupils from Norham High School , North Shields , are top of the table when it comes to maths .
Year 7 pupils Michael Croudace , Arron Mcnab and Taylor McDonald have been named as the top performers in this year 's national Times Table Rockstars competition , beating more than 150 students from 42 competing schools .
The annual event attracts top mental arithmathmaticians from across the country to compete against each other in a series of times tables contests .
Mensa questions , 3D noughts and crosses and even an epic air guitar competition also featured .
Executive headteacher David Baldwin said : “ This is a huge achievement for our pupils , and we 're all extremely proud . A huge well done to everyone involved . ”
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
Moon Jae-In heads to Beijing on Wednesday , December 13 , and will hold a summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping
Published 4:16 PM , December 11 , 2017
SEOUL , South Korea – South Korean President Moon Jae-In hopes to `` normalize '' ties with giant neighbor China on their first state visit to the country this week , their office said Monday , December 11 , after Beijing was infuriated by a US missile system deployment .
Seoul and Washington decided to install the powerful US THAAD ( Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ) system in the South earlier this year to guard against threats from the nuclear-armed North .
Beijing saw it as a threat to its own security and reacted furiously , slapping a string of measures against South Korean businesses and banning group tours to the South , in moves seen as economic retaliation .
China is the South 's top trading partner and the diplomatic row took a major toll on many South Korean firms , most notably retail giant Lotte Group , which provided the land to host the powerful US missile system .
Angry boycott campaigns and regulatory crackdowns by Chinese authorities decimated its business in the world 's second-largest economy , and it was forced to put its supermarket unit in China up for sale .
But last month the two countries issued identically-worded statements on their mutual desire to improve relations .
It did not state any specifics , but Beijing has demanded that Seoul formally promise not to deploy any more THAAD launchers and not to join any regional US missile defense system .
Nam Gwan-Pyo , a deputy director of the presidential national security office , did not give reporters details of any concrete steps that could be expected from Moon 's 4-day trip – their first to China since taking power in May .
But they said it would be a turning point in relations towards a `` more mature '' relationship , they said , `` by recovering bilateral trust and strengthening friendship between the leaders of the two nations '' .
Ties recently showed some – albeit limited – signs of thaw as China 's state tourism board approved last month Seoul-bound group tours from some parts of China .
Moon heads to Beijing on Wednesday , December 13 , and will hold a summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping the following day to discuss issues including how to curb the North 's nuclear weapons drive , Nam added .
China – the North 's sole diplomatic ally and economic lifeline – has stepped up sanctions on the North amid pressure from the US and the international community to play a bigger role in taming its regime .
Beijing has backed recent UN sanctions imposed on the North over its nuclear and missile tests , including a ban on coal imports , although it repeatedly pushed for talks to defuse the tensions .
It has urged a `` double freeze '' on both North Korean weapons tests and joint military exercises by Seoul and Washington – an idea consistently rejected by the US and South Korea . – Rappler.com
An Egyptian millionaire investor on Friday described in court how they were beaten and dragged out of a nightclub in Ayia Napa in 2016 just hours before laying the foundation stone of the popular holiday resort 's marina , a project they are funding .
Naguib Sawiris described to the court in detail how they and their entourage were assaulted in the early hours of September 30 by the owner and the bouncers of the nightclub .
Prosecutors charged seven people in connection with the incident . They all denied charges relating to assault and causing actual bodily harm .
The incident kicked off when one of Sawiris ' associates got up on the couch to dance . A waiter told them off in an aggressive manner and when the millionaire asked the owner for explanations , they hit him .
A bouncer then grabbed them from behind and wrestled them to the ground . Holding both their arms , the bouncer dragged Sawiris towards the exit , kicking and beating them along the way .
The Egyptian investor said they suffered injuries to the ear and bruises to the chest and head . When an associate tried to intervene , they were also beaten by the bouncers .
Sawiris said they had lost their phone and shoes during the fracas while an associate lost a watch worth €25,000 .
The bouncers only returned the shoes and mobile phone . The watch was never recovered .
Sawiris also told the court that the police officer who was taking their statement did not know good English and they made many mistakes . The witness said they were saying one thing while the officer was recording something else , providing the court with examples .
They added that they had given police their ripped and bloody shirt but when prosecutors asked for it , they were told it was lost . The female officer who got it did not sign it in as evidence and never gave a statement .
Sawiris recognised and pointed out the waiter , the owner , and the bouncer involved in the incident .
The case continues on October 16 .
LEBANON , Tenn. – - A man from Macon County , Tennessee has been arrested after deputies said they tried to help an inmate escape from the Wilson County Jail .
Officials from the Wilson County Sheriff 's Office said 54-year-old Scott Ronald Dorris came to the jail on Monday , August 7 dressed as a law enforcement officer and attempted to free inmate Richard Wayne Bohanan .
Dorris was wearing a uniform polo shirt from the Macon County Sheriff 's Office and told corrections officers they were an employee of the law enforcement agency . They said they also presented false documentation for the Bohanan 's release .
The corrections officers recognized the documents were fake , and also noticed some inconsistencies in the way Dorris looked and acted .
They took Dorris into custody and booked them into the jail . Dorris was charged with criminal attempt to facilitate an escape and criminal impersonation of a police officer .
Bond was set at $ 200,000 . An initial court appearance was scheduled for August 22 , 2017 .
It was not clear what connection Dorris had with Bohanan .
Wilson County Sheriff Robert Bryan credited the corrections officers for their awareness and quick action .
“ The officers who made contact with Scott Dorris displayed incredible awareness , ” said Sheriff Bryan . “ Training , for situations like these , proved beneficial in maintaining a safe and secure correctional facility . This case will remain active while Dorris and other individuals may be charged as a result of this incident . ”
Deputies were working with the Macon County Sheriff 's Office to determine how Dorris was able to obtain the uniform shirt . They expected that additional individuals could be charged as a result of their investigation .
There is a shocked reaction in Cheltenham tonight at the sudden closure of a town centre bar .
The Bierkeller Cheltenham , in Bath Road , has shut to the dismay of its many regular cutomers .
The bar , which opened in May 2016 , announced the closure on its Facebook and Twitter pages .
However , the announcement also teased that something else would replace it `` soon '' .
It said : “ It is with great sadness that we announce the immediate closure of The Bierkeller Cheltenham .
“ We 'd like to say a really special thank you to all our staff , security , entertainment teams and of course , all the customers that have given us a fabulous two years .
“ For anyone that has a future booking for the Bierkeller Cheltenham and has paid a deposit , this will be refunded and we apologise for any inconvenience this may cause to your planned night out .
“ All good parties must come to an end but watch this space , something new and exciting is coming soon . ”
Last June , it launched a new comedy night in the town .
The news , just after The Cheltenham Festival 2018 , has been met with a shocked reaction and we 'll bring you the latest as it comes in .
There are plenty of confusing lingo and terms that are associated with SEO that may appear confusing to start with , but it should n't keep you from creating a successful site . Just keep reading and learn some great tips and tricks to help build your online success .
Search engine optimization tools can help you to analyze visitor behaviour . If your traffic shows that your audience arrives , glances and leaves without investigating , you should look at how entertaining and informative your website is . Consider hiring somebody to test your user interface , and honestly describe their experiences using your content .
Let 's go over an example of a good title tag to better help you understand how you should construct a tag . Instead of working up something like My Business , you should instead be more specific to what your site or business is about ; i.e . My Internet Wealth Building Business . Keep this same theme for every page .
Spend the money on a pay-per-click ( PPC ) advertising campaign . It 's often said you need to spend money to make money , and PPC is one of the necessary spends . Bid on keywords that are relevant to your industry . This technique can help position your website in the search engines , especially for terms where you may not currently hold the best organic ranking .
Avoid using Flash content to help with SEO because it wo n't . While it looks great and can be impressive , you are not allowed to link to single pages in a Flash site . For the best results , do n't rely completely on Flash . If you want to use it , do so sparingly .
To drive more traffic to your website , you should start a blog about a theme or topic related to your site . This type of blog can position you as a thought leader in your industry , leading to greater audience engagement and more visitors interested in visiting your main website .
If your business is not the type that requires you to refresh the content of your website regularly , you need to have a blog in the website to make sure you are producing fresh content . Search engines will place your site higher on search results pages when you regularly generate new content .
Include keyword-rich descriptions of your images in the ALT tag , to boost your search engine optimization efforts . Search engine spiders are not capable of recognizing pictures or understanding the text contained within the graphics on your site . To help the spiders understand each image , write a keyword filled description in the image ALT tag .
A good search engine optimization tool lets you check the popularity of keyword searches on the internet . Having popular keywords is imperative in optimizing your search engine results . SEO tools allow you to see which keywords are trending in popularity at any given time .
Keep your site focused on 1 or 2 keywords and phrases . If you try to include every related keyword you will suffer from keyword dilution . Focusing on too many will end up confusing both the search engines and your readers . Your rankings for all of the keywords will suffer as a result of this dilution .
Make a Pay Per Click account . You will have to pay up front for the service , but it will provide you with immediate results in the form of increased visibility to your site . It does this by creating actual search volume for the keywords that you decide on .
Utilize the Google Ads tool kit from Google , to increase the effectiveness of your keyword selections for SEO . By using these tools , you can increase traffic to your site and increase traffic that translates into sales . You can search by specific keywords or type in a specific URL to discover the keywords that drive those particular searches . Choosing effective keywords boosts your ranking in search engines and increases your sales .
It 's common for search engine spiders to look for new content , so when you 're regularly adding new posts through a blog , you 're giving the spiders a reason to visit your site . Well-written articles will often be shared . After an article is shared , it starts to bring in higher levels of traffic .
With all of the billions of results that you could get while trying to search on a search engine , would n't it be nice to find what you were looking for right off the bat ? Apply the knowledge that you have obtained from this article to get the results you are looking for !
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — Kansas City police are looking for a man they say broke into their estranged wife 's home early Friday morning and seriously injured them and their young daughter with a knife .
KCTV reports that officers around 1:45 a.m. responded to Scarritt Avenue and Lawndale Avenue in response to a break-in and cutting .
The woman at the home had serious lacerations to their hands and arms , along with a cut on the left side . Them 8-year-old daughter — who stood between their mother and the assailant during the assault — received minor injuries , police said .
The mother 's injuries are considered non-life-threatening . Shortly after the cutting , police described both the mother 's and their daughter 's conditions as serious but stable . The estranged husband is not in custody , and police have not released their name or a description of him .
Comedian Hannibal Buress did n't get too far into their act at a Catholic university in Chicago on Saturday night , before the school cut their mic after they made a joke about priests molesting children .
The event , known as Colossus , a two-night affair hosted by Loyola University Chicago , features a musical performance on one evening and a comedian on the other .
Buress , began their act by reading an email theirs says the university sent them regarding restrictions on their comedic content . Specifically , the email addressed content from rape to sexual assault , sexual orientation , race , and the use of foul language .
Shortly after that , Buress brought up child molestation . The university then cut the power to their microphone .
The crowd booed when Buress ' mic got cut , but then quieted down again as Buress attempted to perform their act “ unplugged. ” However , the school then raised the volume of the background music , until Buress eventually left the stage .
According to The Wrap :
Loyola 's Department of Programming ( DOP ) assistant director , Leslie Watland , told the university 's newspaper , The Phoneix , ‘ DOP students did not make any day-of decisions for Hannibal Buress ' show . Student Development Administrators made the decisions . ' While off-stage , Buress responded to a tweet from someone in the audience who wondered ‘ wtf ' happened . Buress replied , ‘ Weird was to celebrate sweet 16 . ' He , apparently , was referencing Loyola Ramblers ' win over the Tennessee Volunteers earlier that day . Although Buress ' tweet has been taken down , The Phoenix published a screen grab .
Several students voiced their displeasure , on Twitter , with the university 's decision to stop Buress ' performance :
Fresh off celebrating a sweet 16 appearance Loyola kicks Hannibal Buress off stage for exposing their asses and joking about the Catholic Church , this is absolutely nuts they 're digging themselves a huge hole — el pescador ( @ justyn_fisher ) March 18 , 2018
sorry about bureaucratic shit @ hannibalburess but thx for like 5 mins pic.twitter.com/d9H2ZkLBzQ — Maggie B™️ ( @ maglibb ) March 18 , 2018
Buress returned 15 minutes after having exited the stage , to thunderous applause . Then , according to an audience member , Buress lashed out at the school administration while referencing the university 's content restriction email which was shown on a large overhead projector above the stage .
Buress reportedly said :
`` Bitch ass old people , I can project . ''
Hannibal Buress ' reaction to the content restrictions they were supposed to put on their show and their mike being turned off . — cLaire ( @ clairelybetter ) March 18 , 2018
In 2014 , one of Burress ' performances went viral after the Broad City star called Bill Cosby a hypocrite for criticizing the use of slang by black people while being accused of allegedly drugging and raping more than a dozen women .
Burress said :
Bill Cosby has the f–ing the smuggest old black man public persona that I hate . ‘ Pull your pants up , black people . I was on TV in the '80s . I can talk down to you because I had a successful sitcom . ' Yeah , but you raped women , Bill Cosby . So , brings you down a couple notches… I do n't curse on stage . But yeah , you 're a rapist .
Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter @ themightygwinn
The baby looked healthy at first . But within two hours , they were having severe seizures .
Hospital staff at the Rambam Medical Center in Haifa , Israel , were performing a routine check when they realized that the baby was unwell . They transferred them to the neonatal intensive care unit right away and began conducting tests , hoping to reach a diagnosis . But every test came back negative . Their results looked normal .
The question was simple : What ails this baby ?
The answer would take years to figure out . Researchers from Rambam Medical Center , Japan 's RIKEN Brain Science Institute , and other institutions in both countries announced their solution to the medical mystery in an article in the June issue of the Journal of Lipid Research .
A mysterious genetic ailment
Dr. Hanna Mandel , a metabolic disease specialist , was head of the team that assessed the infant in the NICU back in 2011 . Seizures in newborns may stem from a variety of causes - some more common than others . Nothing in this baby 's general appearance provided clues for the cause of their seizures . More than a dozen routine tests came back normal . The child had no infection , no problem with known metabolites , no clues in their urine or cerebrospinal fluid . After completing a battery of routine tests as well as extra metabolic workup , Mandel said , they found nothing that could explain the child 's illness .
So the medical team sent the child , by this time three weeks old , for brain scans . The images showed a lack of myelin , the essential fatty coating around nerves . Myelin works like the plastic insulation around an electrical wire . If the insulation is n't there , the wires -- in this case , the neurons -- can not carry electrical signals as far or as fast as they should . This deficiency , they thought , may have affected the boy 's development .
As they grew older , the child missed milestones , never even moving on their own . Follow-up scans showed that their myelin was still not developing , and other parts of their brain were beginning to atrophy .
When the child was 4 years old , Dr. Orly Elpeleg , a specialist in rare genetic diseases at Hadassah-Hebrew University Medical Center in Jerusalem , led a team that sequenced and analyzed much of the boy 's genome , looking for genetic mutations that they might have inherited from both of their parents , who are cousins .
Elpeleg identified 13 sites in the boy 's genome where they had inherited very rare coding variants from both parents . By examining their healthy family members ' genes , the team could rule out many of these sites as causing the child 's problems . The mutation the researchers found responsible for the disease affected a gene called EPT1 . Compared with a healthy control , the patient 's mRNA encoding the EPT1 protein was abnormally shortened . This was the first time a patient was diagnosed with EPT1 mutation .
When the geneticist found identified the mutation , Mandel went straight to PubMed , a database housing medical and biological research . They were looking , they said , `` for someone who would be interested in studying the pathogenicity of the EPT1 mutation . ''
They found the world experts on the gene in question .
Establishing an international collaboration
Several years earlier , Yasuhiro Horibata had been a postdoctoral fellow in the laboratory of Yoshio Hirabayashi , who studies lipid physiology at the prestigious RIKEN Brain Science Institute in Japan .
The two had discovered that the EPT1 gene codes for an enzyme that puts the finishing touches on the production of a lipid called phosphatidylethanolamine , or PE for short . PE makes up about a fifth of all the phospholipids in the brain . They published their findings in a 2007 paper in the Journal of Lipid Research .
Mandel found that paper and wrote to Hirabayashi . Soon , she , Hirabayashi and Horibata , by then an assistant professor at Dokkyo University , hatched a collaboration by email , and the Israeli team shipped a tissue sample from the child to Japan .
The Japanese team measured enzyme activity in the child 's cells , and confirmed that it was very low compared with a healthy control , because the erroneously shortened protein was immediately destroyed by the cell 's quality-control systems . They looked for changes in the child 's skin cells , measuring all the lipids the cells produced . To their surprise , the lack of EPT1 only slightly reduced the amount of PE in the child 's tissue . This was unexpected , since PE was the main known product of EPT1 activity .
However , the shortage of EPT1 dramatically reduced the amount of another molecule , plasmalogen , a lipid product made from PE which is abundant in myelin . It seemed that the child 's cells were able to employ other enzymes to compensate for PE production ; however this did not rescue the lower plasmalogen synthesis . The researchers concluded that , even though its PE-manufacturing work is duplicated by the action of another enzyme , EPT1 is essential for making myelin in the normal brain . This work is described in the team 's new JLR paper .
Hope for the future
The researchers solved the genetic piece of the mystery underlying the boy 's puzzling disease . Last year a British team reported on a patient with similar symptoms and a similar mutation , making the Israeli boy the second patient with EPT1 disorder ever to be reported in the medical literature .
As for many people living with rare genetic diseases , the boy 's treatment options are limited . Today , the patient is paraplegic , blind and deaf , and their seizures have worsened .
Nevertheless , Mandel emphasizes the positive aspects of the child 's life . `` He lives in a beautiful Arab village in Northern Israel , in a beautiful house with their parents and their sister , '' they said . `` During the day , they attend a rehabilitation center near their home village , where they receive all the paramedical support one could think of . ''
Meanwhile , the doctors have offered the boy 's parents genetic counseling based on their research findings . `` The couple is aiming for preimplantation genetic diagnosis for future pregnancies , '' Mandel said .
# # #
StampNews.com is glad to let our readers know that the centenary of the death in battle of Ireland 's war poet Francis Ledwidge is being marked with a new postage stamp by An Post . Ledwidge was just 29 when killed by an exploding shell in the Third Battle of Ypres in Belgium in World War I on July 31 , 1917 .
A native of Slane , Co Meath , they were a nationalist who ended up joining the 10th Irish Division in 1914 . The stamp features a portrait of the poet and a photograph of a blackbird .
Ledwidge was born in Slane , County Meath in 1887 . They began their working life as a young road labourer and in 1912 won the patronage of Lord Dunsany after sending them copybooks filled with their poetry . Dunsany championed their cause in Irish literary society even introducing them to WB Yeats .
At the outbreak of World War 1 in 1914 , Ledwidge enlisted in the 5th Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers , part of the 10th Irish Division , and was killed at the third battle of Ypres in July 1917 , just seventeen days before their thirtieth birthday .
Ledwidge had continued writing poetry throughout their time in the army and their first volume of poetry was published in 1915 . A second volume ‘ Songs of Peace ' appeared just three months after their death . Ledwidge 's complete poems were published in 1919 and their reputation as a poet , and particularly as a leading war poet , has continued to grow .
The Internet Archive is a great resource if you 're looking to play with older PC apps and operating systems—thanks to a JavaScript port of DOSBox , you can run stuff like Mario Teaches Typing and Windows For Workgroups 3.11 right in your browser , giving you a quick and easy way to get some idea of what it was like to use a computer 20 or 25 years ago .
Now , the Internet Archive has some retro computing offerings from the other side of the great Mac/PC divide . Using a version of the PCE PC Emulator that has been ported to JavaScript , people interested in the Mac 's early years can run System 6 , System 7 , and dozens of old apps , including MacWrite and Microsoft Basic using their browsers .
The hardware that this old black-and-white software would have run on is wholly different from modern Macs—it hearkens back to the pre-PowerPC days when Macs still used the same Motorola 68000-series processors as the original 1984 Macintosh . Even so , the user interface is recognizable even if you 've only used Macs in our current post-Mac OS X , post-Intel era . Showing mounted volumes on the desktop , the idea of a `` trash '' can that could hold deleted files until you were sure you wanted to delete them , and the persistent menu bar complete with Apple logo are all still hallmarks of modern Macs . Names like `` Finder '' have also persisted , even though the modern-day Finder has little in common with the one in System 6 or 7 .
The Internet Archive 's sampling of Mac software can be found here . Take a look , even if only to appreciate anew how much more capable today 's computers are compared to what we had three decades ago .
PARIS French food group Danone ( DANO.PA ) said on Friday it would sell its U.S. organic yoghurt business Stonyfield to facilitate the rapid completion of its $ 10.4 billion ( 8.35 billion pounds ) acquisition of U.S. organic food producer WhiteWave foods Co WWAV.N .
The decision to sell Stonyfield stemmed from an agreement in principle reached with the U.S. Department of Justice 's anti-trust department , Danone said in a statement .
The French company announced in July plans to buy WhiteWave in its largest acquisition since 2007 , a move it said at the time would double the size of its U.S. business .
Danone Chief Executive Emmanuel Faber said last month they targeted completing the deal at the end of the first quarter of this year .
The WhiteWave acquisition is expected to close `` promptly '' Danone said on Friday , reiterating all its guidance expected from the WhiteWave acquisition .
This included significant run-rate EBIT synergies of $ 300 million by 2020 , an improvement of Danone 's full year like-for-like sales growth by an extra 0.5 percent to 1 percent , an increase of EBIT margin from 2018 and solid EPS improvement from 2017 and above 10 percent based on run-rate synergies .
`` This is a relatively trivial development in our view . Stonyfield turned over $ 370 million last year and has delivered a compounded average growth rate of 4 percent over the last decade , '' said RBC Capital markets analysts in a note .
( Reporting by Dominique Vidalon ; Editing by GV De Clercq and Susan Fenton )
Mathew Pernosky , 33 , will be eligible for parole in 13 years
A former Abbotsford man who previously pleaded guilty to killing their half-sister , Rachel Pernosky of Mission , will be eligible for parole in 13 years , a judge ruled today .
Justice Trevor Armstrong agreed with the joint sentencing recommendation made by Crown and defence lawyers at a hearing on June 21 for Mathew Pernosky , 33 .
Pernosky pleaded guilty in May to the second-degree murder of Rachel . The crime comes with an automatic life sentence , but parole eligibility can range from 10 to 25 years .
Armstrong said today in B.C . Supreme Court in New Westminster that they believed 13 years was an appropriate time for Pernosky to wait to apply for parole , based on rulings in similar cases .
Armstrong emphasized that Pernosky will serve a life sentence – even if he 's released , they will always have to abide by certain conditions – and parole is never guaranteed .
READ MORE : Half-brother charged in murder of Mission teen
READ MORE : Man pleads guilty to second-degree murder of their teenage half-sister
READ MORE : Man confessed to ‘ Mr . Big ' that they killed their half-sister by suffocating them
They described Pernosky 's behaviour as “ repulsive . ”
Information presented at the hearing on June 21 indicated that Pernosky suffocated Rachel , 18 , in March 2013 because they were angry about how they were acting over their sexual abuse of them as a child .
Pernosky was later arrested following a “ Mr . Big ” sting in which an undercover officer posed as the head of a criminal organization and Pernosky confessed to the killing .
Pernosky told “ Mr . Big ” that they were upset that Rachel had been “ acting like a victim ” when they were the one who had suffered by being charged and going through the court process for molesting Rachel as a child .
Pernosky told Mr. Big that they hit Rachel on the head , pinned them down and suffocated them by holding their hand over their mouth and nose .
They then took their body to their Abbotsford residence , sexually assaulted them and dumped their body in Chilliwack .
Rachel 's body was found three days later in steep terrain near old Orchard Road .
Pernosky then attempted to cover up the crime by sending texts to and from Rachel 's phone after the killing and disposing of their keys and some other personal items .
Two charges of dignity to a human body for having sexual contact with and disposing of the body were stayed in court .
More to come …
Make sure you get spending those old £1 coins hidden away in piggy banks and down the back of the sofa before it 's too late .
You have just 100 days to spend them before they lose their legal tender status .
The Royal Mint issued the warning as the billionth new £1 coin rolled off the production line .
By mid-July , there will be more new coins in circulation than old , the Treasury said .
Although 800 million old coins have been returned , more than one in three of us still have millions of the old coins stashed away .
That means we have until until October 15 to empty our piggy banks and spend or bank them .
The production of the new coins follows concerns about round pounds being vulnerable to sophisticated counterfeiters . Around one in every 30 £1 coins in people 's change in recent years has been fake .
The new 12-sided pound coin , the shape of which resembles the old threepenny bit , entered circulation in March and boasts new high-tech security features to thwart counterfeiters .
One pound coins were first launched on April 21 1983 to replace £1 notes . The Royal Mint has produced more than two billion round pound coins since that time .
Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury Andrew Jones was visiting the Royal Mint 's headquarters in Wales on Monday to officially mark the one billion milestones and strike the billionth coin with the Queen 's head .
Mr Jones said : `` This coin is the most secure of its kind in the world and was brought in to clamp down on the multimillion-pound cost of counterfeits .
`` In less than 100 days , the round pound will lose its legal status . So people need to spend , bank or donate them by October 15 . ''
Chief executive and deputy master of the Royal Mint , Adam Lawrence , said : `` Many of the old round pounds returned will be melted down to make the new coins so we 're asking everyone across the UK to make sure they check their coin jars and piggy banks for round pounds .
* Graphic on Nigeria 's economy bit.ly/2oqjkHJ
By Chijioke Ohuocha
ABUJA , April 20 Nigeria plans to get out of recession by boosting government revenues and cracking down on corruption , Finance Minister Kemi Adeosun said on Thursday , and will also issue more international debt to pay for infrasturcture projects .
The country is in its second year of recession , brought on by lower oil prices , which have slashed government revenues , weakened the currency and caused dollar shortages frustrating business and households .
World Bank chief economist for Africa , Albert Zeufack , on Wednesday said fiscal adjustments in Nigeria would be `` extremely challenging '' and that the country needs to reform its finances to ensure it can hedge against any future currency crisis .
Nigeria also ranks well into the bottom third of Transparency International 's global corruption index . On Wednesday , for example , more than $ 43 million found in an apartment complex in Lagos was said to be related to an investigation into the handling of humanitarian aid .
Adeosun said their aim was to get the non-oil sector of Nigeria 's economy which accounts for around 90 percent of GDP to contribute to government revenues .
`` Improving non-oil revenues is something we are working hard on . We are rolling out measures to get more people into the tax net , '' Adeosun told CNBC Television .
`` We are got out of recession because we are following the right type of policies . We are improving our revenues , we are improving our efficiencies in how we spend money .
`` We are investing in the infrastructure that is needed , power , rail , road , the big enablers of growing sustainable economies . ''
Adeosun said liquidity on currency markets has been improving as the central bank has boosted dollar supply , thanks to recently rising oil prices . They added that government was harmonising fiscal , monetary and trade policies to get the economy growing again .
However , the central bank , worried about the currency effects on inflation , has so far resisted calls to lower interest rates for 14 percent to enable the government borrow cheaply to spend its way out of recession .
Adeosun said Nigeria plans to issue long-term debt on the international markets more regularly for infrastructure projects , taking advantage of the country 's debt to GDP ratio of 13 percent . But the interest burden is rising due to low revenues .
( Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 15
< < `` School board policy committee talks dress code , bus driver shortage at meeting '' - `` Shag club raising money to honor well known dj '' > >
Wayne Regional Agricultural Fair wins 7 awards
By Steve Herring
Published in News on February 15 , 2017 9:55 AM
Full Size News-Argus/STEVE HERRING The 2016 Wayne Regional Agricultural Fair won seven awards for excellence . Holding the awards from left are Mark Hood , secretary/treasurer of the Wayne County Livestock Development Association that owns and operates the fair ; Curtis Shivar , association president ; Sandra Head , exhibit coordinator ; Edythe Blanton , office manager ; and Eddie Pitzer , fair manager .
DUDLEY -- The 2016 Wayne Regional Agricultural Fair has won seven awards for excellence .
The awards include first place in three competitive exhibits categories from the International Association of Fairs and Expositions , three from the North Carolina Association of Agricultural Fairs and one from the North Carolina Department of Agriculture .
The fair won the North Carolina Association of Agricultural Fairs ' Youth Award , Agriculture Award and its prestigious Image Award given annually to fairs that represent what a state agricultural fair should be .
It is the 18th time the fair has won the Image Award since the awards program started in 1977 .
The Agriculture Award given to the fair that best showcases agriculture and the agriculture heritage of the area served , and the Youth Award is presented to the fair that best showcases youth and youth activities in the area served .
`` I think we have won the Youth and Agriculture awards more times than any other fair in the state , '' fair Manager Eddie Pitzer said .
The Agriculture Award is important because it is what the fair is all about , office manager Edythe Blanton said . Also , agriculture is very important to the economy of the county , they said .
`` Yet it is something our youth do n't know a lot about , and this gives us the chance to showcase agriculture in a lot of our exhibits , '' they said . `` The Youth A ward is based on your involvement with youth . We have junior livestock shows . We have a junior division where you can have exhibits . We have a cheerleading contest , a spelling bee , talent shows -- many ways that our youths can compete and learn more about the fair and agriculture . ''
The N.C. Department of Agriculture Got to Be NC Award is given in recognition of the fair that best fosters a deeper understanding of North Carolina agriculture an its relevance to local citizens .
The three first-place awards in competitive exhibits from the International Association of Fairs and Expositions are for :
* Outstanding Competitive Method Display or Prop .
`` The objective of it is to create props or methods of display for the folks who enter their items into the fair , '' Sandra Head , exhibit coordinator , said . `` We want to have unique ways to show off those items for folks to come in and see . We also want to be able to share those with others so that they can use those same kind of ideas in their fair . ''
* Single Photo of a General Display . The winning entry was a photo of a display , which was the Got to Be NC display done by the fair . The award is based on the overall effect of the display , Mrs. Head said .
* General Photo Display Series that involves a community partner . The fair enjoys a strong relationship with Cooperative Extension , Mrs. Head said . The photos were on the Extension Service display on good nutrition and activities for children .
`` We like winning awards , and we like to be recognized for what we do , '' Pitzer said . `` But there is really a bigger picture in it . We enjoy what we are doing , and we are always looking for ways that we can do better . So it is a constant challenge for us as to how we can plan .
`` We are already talking about what we are going to do this coming year , and what we would like to change , and what we can do . ''
The fair a team effort , Mrs. Blanton said .
`` The public schools , the Extension office , our volunteer directors , the people who exhibit -- it takes all of it , '' they said .
Another aspect of the fair to be proud of is the community 's interest in bringing out exhibits , Mrs. Head said .
The 2017 fair , owned and operated by the Wayne County Livestock Development Association , will be held Sept. 28 through Oct. 7 .
After a brutal 2016 presidential election , pundits predicted that , if nothing else , the election of Donald J. Trump as president would serve as a “ Sputnik moment ” for civics education . Americans of all political stripes , they said , had realized politics matter and that voting – or not – has real consequences .
In 1957 , when the Soviet Union launched the first human-made satellite into space , interest in science education skyrocketed . Soon , Americans were landing astronauts on the moon .
Eighteen months after the November 2016 election , did it turn out to be a “ Sputnik moment ” for civics education ?
Maybe .
Students are n't signing up for AP Government and Politics classes in much bigger numbers . There 's only been a 2 percent increase in enrollment since 2016 , according to the College Board . But that 's still double the 1 percent increase in all AP class enrollments in that time .
A record number of students are applying for graduate degrees in journalism , meanwhile . Columbia University 's Graduate School of Journalism saw a 10 percent increase in applications for the 2017-18 school year . Northwestern University 's Medill School of Journalism , Media , Integrated Marketing Communications saw a 24 percent jump in applications for the 2018-19 school year . ( Graduate school applications have only risen about 1 percent a year in recent years . )
“ When I think about a ‘ Sputnik moment ' I think of it being game changing , that civics education can finally come into the 21st century , ” said Abby Kiesa , director of Impact for CIRCLE , the Center for Information & Research on Civic Learning and Engagement at Tufts University .
According to CIRCLE , only 46 percent of people under 30 voted in the 2016 presidential election . Only 20 percent of young people voted in the 2014 elections – congressional midterms , like this year 's elections .
But the election has fired up students in Southern California .
Eighth-grade students in the Call to Action class at New Roads School in Santa Monica , Thursday , April 19 , 2018 . ( Photo by Hans Gutknecht , Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG )
Eighth-grade students in the Call to Action class at New Roads School in Santa Monica , Thursday , April 19 , 2018 . ( Photo by Hans Gutknecht , Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG )
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Eighth-grade students in the Call to Action class at New Roads School in Santa Monica , Thursday , April 19 , 2018 . ( Photo by Hans Gutknecht , Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG )
Teacher Angi Neff with eighth-grade students in the Call to Action class at New Roads School in Santa Monica , Thursday , April 19 , 2018 . ( Photo by Hans Gutknecht , Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG )
Teacher Angi Neff with eighth grade students in the Call to Action class at New Roads School in Santa Monica , Thursday , April 19 , 2018 . ( Photo by Hans Gutknecht , Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG )
Eighth-grade students in the Call to Action class at New Roads School in Santa Monica , Thursday , April 19 , 2018 . ( Photo by Hans Gutknecht , Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG )
Eighth-grade students in the Call to Action class at New Roads School in Santa Monica , Thursday , April 19 , 2018 . ( Photo by Hans Gutknecht , Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG )
Teacher Angi Neff with eighth-grade students in the Call to Action class at New Roads School in Santa Monica , Thursday , April 19 , 2018 . ( Photo by Hans Gutknecht , Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG )
Generation Z
“ This is a moment that 's galvanized the rest of the nation , ” said Luthern Williams , head of school at New Roads School , a private K-12 school in Santa Monica . The school spends about a third of its tuition revenue on financial aid , with the goal of making the school as diverse as Los Angeles itself .
Social activism is part of New Roads ' DNA . But Williams thinks it might just also be part of who todays students are .
“ I think this is just part of Generation Z , ” Williams said . “ I think they think we 've screwed it all up . They 've grown up in a world , particularly in this country , that 's been defined by insecurity . They 've seen adults and especially children being murdered in schools . ”
Generation Z , who were all born between 1997 and 2015 , are now the largest generation in America . Their older siblings , the Millennials , helped change the political conversation surrounding same-sex marriage when they turned 18 . Today 's students are realizing they also have the power to shape American politics .
“ We 're figuring out that we have a voice and that voice is important , ” said Rachel Barton , 18 , a senior at Alta Loma High School in Rancho Cucamonga .
That means looking at the world previous generations have created and deciding what needs to change .
“ They 're realizing that they can not depend on us to change things , ” Williams said . “ I think this generation is trying to figure out what they can do in order to create the world that we do n't seem to be able to create . ”
Pacific High School AP Government student Dominque Butler ( right ) speaks about their experience in the class as fellow student Angela Jiron listens in Thursday April 19 , 2018 in San Bernardino . ( Photo by Will Lester- San Bernardino Sun/SCNG )
Pacific High School AP Government teacher C.J . Eastwood ( right ) instructs their class Thursday April 19 , 2018 in San Bernardino . ( Photo by Will Lester- San Bernardino Sun/SCNG )
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Pacific High School AP Government student Alejandra Galindo speaks with other class members Thursday April 19 , 2018 in San Bernardino . ( Photo by Will Lester- San Bernardino Sun/SCNG )
Pacific High School AP Government teacher C.J . Eastwood ( far right ) instructs their class Thursday April 19 , 2018 in San Bernardino . ( Photo by Will Lester- San Bernardino Sun/SCNG )
Trump 's election a shock
Barack Obama is the only president many in Generation Z remember before the election of Trump .
“ When Obama got elected , we were 8 . I saw their inauguration on TV , but I was n't really that interested in it , ” said Jason Perez , 17 , a senior at Alta Loma High School . “ So this was the first election that I was really able to be a thoughtful almost-citizen on it . ”
But the 2016 election cycle , of course , was different .
“ I particularly paid attention to this one , ” said Kriscia Mejia , 17 , a senior at Alta Loma High . “ Not just because I was older , but because I 'm a Hispanic-American and the daughter of two immigrants , so the questionable comments ( Trump ) said throughout their campaign , I wanted to know if the American people would really vote for someone who would say things like that . ”
Although Los Angeles , Orange , Riverside and San Bernardino counties all ended up voting for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton , as did California , Trump won the election , something that surprised even him .
Students at New Roads in Santa Monica cried when Trump was elected .
“ Kids realized this was a monumental moment in this country and something was going to happen , ” Williams said .
Since then , the tone surrounding politics in this country has changed , said CJ Eastwood , an AP Government teacher at Pacific High School in San Bernardino . The divide between those with opposing political beliefs has only grown , they added .
“ What I have seen a growth in is a general sense of meanness , ” Eastwood said . “ The favorite phrase now is ‘ I just tell it like it is , ' well , that does n't take any skill , that does n't take any tact . ”
Increased engagement and disengagement
During the final Obama years , Alta Loma High went from having three sections of AP Government to four . Today 's students are more engaged than their older siblings were a few years before , said Elizabeth Ramos , who has taught AP Government at Alta Loma High during both the Obama and Trump eras .
“ Definitely , without a doubt , ” they said . “ There 's been a lot more questions : ‘ Ms . Ramos , how can this be happening , how can this be happening ? ' Particularly with AP Gov , we 're looking at cycles and elections and patterns . And this particular cycle and administration , it 's like , ‘ I know what the book says , but it 's different . We 're in an anomaly . ' ”
The Trump presidency has students ' attention , according to Ramos .
“ I feel like people are more passionate now , ” said Regina Tambunan , 17 , a senior at Alta Loma High . “ All of these different topics were there before , but it 's risen to the surface to the point where we can talk about it freely , and have a greater awareness of what 's going on . ”
To bridge the political gap , Eastwood has students take an online test of their political beliefs at ISideWith.com . They then has students argue from the opposite point of view in classroom assignments . The process can be uncomfortable , but also enlightening , according to students .
“ We had a simulator about abortion , ” said senior Dominique Butler , 18 . “ I was basically going back and forth with another girl in the class . … I saw where they were coming from . ”
Beyond 2020
Students around the country walked out of class in March as part of a nationwide student protest against gun violence .
“ As the next generation , the generation that 's supposed to change everything , we have to make a stand , ” Butler said .
Related Articles Fontana student advances to National History Day competition
Lawsuit claims Moreno Valley Unified officials , PTA leaders tried to cover up sexual assault of special-needs third-grader
Deputies confiscate shotgun after Crestline teen reportedly threatens to kill teacher
California school spending grows at fastest pace in the U.S .
No students injured when school bus , car collide in San Bernardino during police chase New Roads supports the students ' political engagement , even when it means walking out of class .
“ We see this as part of their education , ” Williams said . “ It 's about integrating it into their education , and having them explore problems that are meaningful to them . ”
One of those who walked out in March was Alta Loma 's Barton . It 's just one of the protests she 's participated in since the 2016 election .
“ I know that change ca n't happen immediately . It takes time , especially for people in government who try to dig their heels in on situations and put off change until the very last minute , ” they said . “ If we continue to be steadfast in what we believe and continue to push those things … things will eventually change . ”
Pacific High senior Claire Todd , 18 , is looking even farther into the future .
“ When I became a junior , and things started picking up and I really started seeing the effects of the election , that 's when I decided I wanted to go into politics , ” they said .
Todd now plans to major in political science next fall at UCLA .
“ I just wanted to be in a position where I can change things. ” they said .
Avian moving experts successfully shifted a pair of killdeer birds and their four eggs 25 metres away from the Ottawa Bluesfest main stage . The experts transferred the eggs from their real nest into an artificial one . Once it was established that mama bird and papa bird had failed to notice the switcheroo , the experts then moved the new home at the rate of one metre every 15 to 20 minutes . The birds were none the wiser , and the eggs hatched soon after .
I had no idea that experts are standing by with artificial nests and incubators to move birds . Who know what other types of moving experts are out there , waiting in the wings ?
I 'm starting to wonder what else can be moved .
Here is my list of suggestions :
1 . We should move the Queensway . No one likes the 417 , which is often just a gigantic parking lot . It runs through the middle of our beautiful city like a scar , its location randomly picked decades ago because it was an old rail line . Now the Ministry of Transportation is widening it in order to speed up travel times . We all know that more lanes lead to more cars and more congestion . Case in point : Toronto . Multi-lane behemoth highways lead away from the city , and yet on a recent drive home I was in stop-and-go traffic from the start of the Don Valley Parkway to the far side of Oshawa .
Of course , many people rely on the Queensway as a very slow and painful means of crawling back and forth to work . That is why we must move the Queensway away from its current location very , very slowly , so that no one will notice .
2 . We should move the Ottawa Train Station back to the downtown . I love the idea of old steam trains puffing into the middle of the city past the Château Laurier , with or without its new extension . Getting to the current train station means driving on the Queensway which , as point one suggests , can no longer be relied upon . We are already building a light rail system . How hard can it be to bring passenger trains back to the heart of the nation 's capital ?
3 . We should move the White House . A lot of people dislike the White House 's current occupant . As far as I can tell , they dislike the White House – why else would they spend every weekend in Florida ? As a real estate developer , I am sure they would see the benefit of moving the White House to a picturesque but very distant location . I 'm thinking , the edge of a high cliff , a wind-swept shoal , or a deserted tropical island . Once the Executive Branch is relocated , we can quietly disconnect all means of communication and go back to enjoying our lives .
4 . We should move the United States . I know , this one asks a lot of the experts , but if they can move a nesting killdeer , I do n't see why they ca n't move a country . I love the United States . I have friends and family there , and I love going to Vermont for a long weekend in the fall . But really . The place is turning crazy .
A reality TV star with a bizarre penchant for dictators and a dubious past is running the country by stoking divisions and destroying alliances . Gun violence is so widespread that schools in Pennsylvania have placed buckets of rocks in classrooms so that the kids can fend off attackers . And yet we share the world 's longest undefended border . Let 's just ask the experts to cut us adrift of our southern friends so that we can maintain a healthy distance . I know , we ca n't offend them . That 's why the experts would have to work slowly . Very slowly .
Once the experts have accomplished these four tasks , I 'm going to invite them around to my backyard and ask them to help me move . It 's so darned hot these days , I can barely move out of my zero-gravity recliner .
John M. Richardson is an Ottawa high school teacher and adjunct professor at the University of Ottawa Faculty of Education .
President and First Lady dance to 'Thriller ' for White House trick-or-treat
VIDEO : Gun Control - Voices From Both Sides
2:06
WASHINGTON , April 10 The chairperson of the federal communications regulator said on Monday they were opposed to a plan to allow passengers on commercial aircraft to use cell phones . Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai said in a statement they were proposing the FCC end a 2013 plan that sought to relax rules on mobile communications on planes .
`` I stand with airline pilots , flight attendants , and America 's flying public against the FCC 's ill-conceived 2013 plan to allow people to make cellphone calls on planes . ... Taking it off the table permanently will be a victory for Americans across the country who , like me , value a moment of quiet at 30,000 feet. ” ( Reporting by Eric Walsh ; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli )
This week on the Oklahoma Ford Sports Blitz ,
-Dean and John 's Take
Check out Dean 's take on how Rory Mcilroy and Tiger Woods are making a comeback in the Masters . And see what John says former OSU wide receiver James Washington has been up to since Pro Day .
- Thunder ends the Raptors 11-game winning streak
- See how Dean and John rate the Sooner 's season following early round NCAA loss
-Trae Young 's Future
-OSU Basketball Breakdown
- How OU and OSU women performed in the first round of the NCAA tournament
- OKC Thunder Radio Voice Matt Pinto : Play-By-Play
- OU and OSU Pro Day Breakdown
- The Guys Play The Percentages
If you have a viewer question , tweet using the hashtag # OKBlitz or ask on the News 9 Sports Facebook page .
To vote on “ Play the Percentages ” text Dean or John to 79640
Catelynn Baltierra had two very special visitors during their time in rehab : their loving husband and daughter .
The 26-year-old , who was in rehab to overcome suicidal thoughts , was overjoyed to finally be reunited with Tyler and 3-year-old Nova after spending time away on Monday 's episode of Teen Mom OG .
After multiple FaceTime conversations , Nova ran to their mother and gave them a big hug . Catelynn also greeted their husband , their mother April , father David and their aunt Terry who had come to visit them as well for family week .
“ I 'm not really needed for family week , ” Tyler told Catelynn , who said , “ No , it 's for my mom and my dad , really . ”
“ Those are where my issues stem from , you know , like my panic and stuff , ” they continued . “ It 's funny I have two [ issues ] from my mom [ listed ] and then my dad has got a full sheet of s— . ”
During dinner , Tyler discussed Catelynn 's therapy with April and David , who attended counseling earlier in the day with them
Nova and Catelynn Baltierra during Family Week at Catelynn 's rehabilitation center MTV
“ Her attitude 's totally changed , she 's very positive , ” David said . “ I 've absorbed everything that we 've been taught . But , she 's doing really great . They were in really bad shape before the miscarriage . I mean , I think that was the trigger . ”
Tyler added , “ I 've never seen someone that scared in my life . This was happening at the same time I was going through all my mental s— . I was riddled with sadness , we both were , you know ? But , unfortunately for Cate , every single pregnancy she 's had has had some form of trauma with it . ”
“ Letting go of Carly , and with Nova having the post-partum , that miscarriage was the icing , ” they continued , referencing 8-year-old daughter Carly , whom they placed for adoption years ago .
Last year , Catelynn suffered a miscarriage that led them to have suicidal thoughts .
“ But they wait until the last minute to overcome this , and then it leads to disaster and it 's either flight or fight , ” David said , with Tyler responding , “ I think that miscarriage was one of the most traumatic things she 's ever dealt with . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Teen Mom 's Amber Portwood & Catelynn Lowell Baltierra Open Up About Their Battle With Mental Health
On Saturday , Catelynn and Tyler appeared on the podcast Voices for Change 2.0 to discuss their battles with mental illness with co-hosts Rebecca and Joe Lombardo .
Catelynn revealed they were recently diagnosed with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder . They went to rehab last November to deal with suicidal thoughts and then again in early January to overcome childhood trauma .
“ For me , it 's panic disorder , PTSD — I like to call myself a trauma survivor – and it 's depression , but it 's co-occurring depression or something like that , ” Catelynn said . “ It surprised me to know that I was diagnosed with PTSD . I was really shocked by it . but it makes a lot of sense too . That 's my newest diagnosis . ”
Teen Mom OG airs Mondays ( 9 p.m . ET ) on MTV .
If you or someone you know is considering suicide , please contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK ( 8255 ) .
FANROCK , WV ( WOAY ) – A Wyoming County man is in jail after they hit stepson and pushed their wife off the porch .
Larry Lester , 44 , of Franrock , is accused of coming home intoxicated and fighting with their wife and stepson . The wife hit Shawn in the head with a baseball bat after they hit their son in the face to defend themselves and their son . Lester told the Deputy that he , in fact , hit the boy and pushed their wife off the porch .
Lester has had three prior convictions of domestic battery dating back to 2011 .
Lester is being held in the Southern Regional Jail under a 10,00 dollar bond .
Do n't hold your breath waiting for the Ottawa Redblacks to start firing coaches , despite a 1-6-1 start to their CFL season .
When asked if that was something he 'd consider , Redblacks GM Marcel Desjardins on Monday answered . “ No . I would n't say I would never consider it . But it 's not a consideration now and I do n't anticipate it being one this season . There are instances where sometimes you have to do things , but I 'm talking in terms of future years . I do n't see anything happening this year . ”
There were a couple of player casualties announced early Monday morning — defensive backs Imoan Claiborne and CJ Roberts . It was surprising to see the departure of Claiborne , who had 26 tackles and an interception in six games . They may have been the team 's best DB in training camp .
“ It comes down to what they were doing on the field , ” Desjardins said . “ He did a lot of good things for us , but at the end of the day , we thought we had to be better at that spot . They are n't the same guy they were in camp . Jonathan Rose , Nick Taylor , Winston Rose , there are options . ”
“ I like them as a person , it 's always disappointing to give someone that news , ” coach Rick Campbell said . “ We just decided going forward they are n't in the long-term plans . ”
It seemed like there might be another move made , maybe bring back former Redblacks DB Mitchell White , who was released by the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday , but there have been no talks .
Said Desjardins : “ Never say never . But he 's not somebody we 're actively trying to sign right now . He 's got to see what 's out there NFL-wise before we even go down that path so we 'll just let it takes its course . ”
You could break it down position by position and almost everywhere , the Redblacks have n't been good enough . It has been a breakdown here , a breakdown there and an incredible run of near misses .
Said Desjardins : “ Across the board , we have n't been good enough . Period . I think the talent 's there in most instances , but we just have n't been good enough .
“ We 've not been that far off . I would say the game against Edmonton ( a 27-20 loss last Thursday ) was the game we were least deserving of being in late in the game . All the other ones , we were right there . We 'll obviously continue to tweak things . Guys just have to make plays in clutch moments . We have n't been able to do that .
“ It 's frustrating when they 're self-inflicted wounds that cost us losses . In many cases , it 's coming from guys should be able to do more within the moment , meaning guys who have been here . It 's not the young guys who are making some of those mistakes . ”
ADDING A WEAPON
It was a full go for receiver Kenny Shaw at practice yesterday . Shaw , signed as a free agent after 77 catches for 1,004 yards last season in Toronto , has been hampered by leg injuries , playing in just part of one game .
“ I 'm good to go , ” Shaw said . “ It did n't feel real until today , my first day back . Rust is n't an issue , it 's more the mental game . ”
“ He 'd be a big addition this week , ” Desjardins said . “ He does a lot of things well , which is why we signed him . They just has n't been healthy enough to be able to contribute to this point . ”
It looks like Shaw will be in for Cody Hoffman when Ottawa faces the Ticats in Hamilton on Friday .
NICK OF TIME
Defensive back/SAM linebacker Nick Taylor was back at practice on Monday . With Taylor out , the Redblacks shifted safety Antoine Pruneau to SAM , then gave Adrian James a shot last week . Said Campbell : “ Nick 's a very sharp guy , he 's able to communicate very well . ”
Said Taylor : “ I 'm feeling good . My knee 's feeling good , the body 's feeling good , it 's just about getting back into game shape . ”
Taylor said what 's been happening to the Redblacks goes back to Week 1 : “ We 're not finishing games like we should , not putting teams away when we have the chance . It goes back to when we were up 28-14 against Calgary with seven minutes left in the game and we did n't put our foot down on their throats . That 's carried on , we have to change that . ”
THE D-LINE UPDATE
The Redblacks are hoping to get both Connor Williams ( concussion ) and Jonathan Newsome ( hamstring ) into the defensive line rotation , but the wait continues .
“ It 's been slow , ” Desjardins said . “ They 're taking longer than we hoped . But we ca n't rush it . We need to be prudent . Jonathan should be out here doing a bit . We have to take it day by day . ”
THE END AROUND
We 'll say it again , the Redblacks messed up on their ( lack of ) tribute to former Rough Riders star linebacker Soupy Campbell , who died last week . Apparently , there was a small scoreboard mention 15 minutes or so before game time . Soupy should have gotten a mention ( and a moment of silence ) right before the national anthem . And I do n't buy the excuse that the team did n't want to detract from its Canadian Armed Forces tribute . That 's B.S . … Austin Reuland is back with the Redblacks after taking some time to attend to “ personal matters. ” … Running backs William Powell and Mossis Madu Jr. were both getting plenty of reps Monday … The Redblacks will have a QB Club on Tuesday from 6-8 p.m. , at Ralph 's , 1571 Bank St. Taylor Reed , Jerrell Gavins , SirVincent Rogers and Joshua Stangby are scheduled to appear .
UK power producer Drax changes payouts with boost to dividend
LONDON , June 15 Drax has raised its dividend payout target for the year and has changed the way it calculates shareholder rewards to ensure returns grow , the British power producer said on Thursday .
LG 's next flagship smartphone is the LG V30 , and while we 've skipped the continuous drip of information that has been coming out about the device , a slow Monday is a perfect time for a rumor roundup ! Maybe `` rumor '' is not the best way to describe a lot of this information—LG has been sending out non-stop press releases about the V30 all month .
LG already released a flagship this year , the LG G6 , but it also has the V series , which is usually a more experimental flagship released in the second half of the year . Last year , the LG V20 had a totally different design from the modular LG G5 , but this year , it looks like most of the experimental features are out the door , and we 're getting something that looks very much like a `` G6 with upgrades . ''
First up is the screen . LG 's press release says the V30 will be sporting a new P-OLED display made in-house by LG . The last time LG dabbled in smartphone OLED panels was during the crazy years of 2013 to 2015 , when the company thought physically curved smartphones were a good idea . Those OLED panels were a hot mess , with a grainy and noisy picture , image retention , and uneven brightness .
That was two years ago , though , which is an eternity in the world of tech . Since then LG has been pumping out fantastic-looking OLED panels for televisions , while on the smartphone-side it has mostly stuck with the tried-and-true LCD . Samsung has been the smartphone industry 's biggest supplier of OLED panels for some time , but LG jumping into OLED production has apparently caught the attention of several big players . According to The Korea Herald , Apple is in talks to use LG 's OLED panels in the next iPhone , while the Yonhap News Agency reports that LG is also in talks with Google , which wants to use LG displays in the Pixel 2 .
On the V30 , LG is promising a 6-inch , 2880×1440 display with HDR10 support . LG 's press release mentions `` VR '' several times , which probably means the V30 will support Google 's Daydream VR standard . With the switch to an 18:9 display like the LG G6 , the V20 's secondary `` ticker '' display is no more . The company also showed off the new always-on display mode , which has several styles that show the time and date .
The camera is also expected to be a big focus of the V30 . LG dropped a press release promising an F1.6 aperture camera lens , which would be a high mark for a smartphone . While there are many other factors that make for a `` good '' smartphone camera , a bigger aperture means a camera can capture more light , which usually results in better photos . Also the device will still have a dual-camera setup , which adds an extra wide-angle camera lens .
Next up we have a press release from haptic feedback company Immersion touting the integration of its `` HD TouchSense '' in the V30 . Immersion promises haptic feedback better than the usual vibration , telling 9to5Google , `` For example , in the camera app , when you take a picture you feel a shutter click , just like a DSLR ; when you adjust camera settings , it feels like you 're spinning a finely tuned mechanical knob . When you dismiss a notification , navigate from one home screen to another , and perform several other interactions , you feel subtle effects that match the animations perfectly , resulting in better usability and perceived design quality . ''
Finally , the leaks ! Production company HitRecord , which LG has worked with in the past , seems to have accidentally leaked videos containing the LG V30 . The company quickly pulled the videos , but Droid Life was able to snag a few screenshots . The Korean site ETNews claims the device will have IP68 dust and water resistance , which means the removable battery from the V20 will not be present on the V30 . The site also lists a Snapdragon 835 SoC , a first for LG ; a 3200mAh battery , a 3.5mm headphone jack ( woo ! ) ; storage options for 32 , 64 , and 128GB ; and a price of $ 700 for the 64GB version .
The V30 will be unveiled at IFA 2017 ( which somehow stands for `` Internationale Funkausstellung Berlin '' ) , Europe 's largest consumer electronics show . LG has a press conference scheduled for August 31 at 9am CST .
Listing image by Droid Life
