Immigrants no drain
Re : “ ‘ Enormous ' impact ” [ News , Feb. 10 ] : One of the new administration 's arguments for mass deportations is the contention that undocumented residents are a drain on our economy . However , the facts do not support this theory .
The Register reports that our country 's highest concentration of undocumented residents is in Southern California . Consequently , based on the Trump administration 's theory , California should be in dire straits . The reality is quite the contrary . According to a 2015 report by the California Department of Finance , if California were its own nation , it would be the 6th largest economy in the world , and according to federal research , California 's gross domestic product is by far the highest in the nation . Additionally , studies reveal that these residents contribute billions of dollars to that GDP . Mass deportations in our state would not only be inhumane for these mostly law-abiding residents , but would be devastating to California 's economy .
— Maryanne Rose , Laguna Niguel
Take a hike
Re : “ Reported immigration arrests prompt outcry in region ” [ News , Feb. 10 ] : Apparently California State Senator Kevin de Leon is “ asking ICE to provide details about the number of people detained , as well as the agency 's ‘ rationale ' for their arrest. ” This strikes me as galactically hypocritical , coming from a person who authored the bill to make California a “ sanctuary state , ” the central purpose of which is to be uncooperative with ICE .
In response to de Leon 's request , ICE should simply say , “ hacer una caminata , ” or “ take a hike ” .
— Bill Hezzelwood , San Clemente
Uncommon sense
Re : “ Teachers unions hysterical over Betsy DeVos , school choice ” [ Opinion , Feb. 12 ] : Sal Rodriguez 's column on the hysteria of teachers unions on the selection of Betsy DeVos for secretary of education was well thought out . But , I literally spit out my morning coffee when I came to the sentence , “ It 's the sort of rhetoric that only a far-left ideologue could appreciate — and merely muddies the waters of what is a critical debate. ” Change the topic to illegal immigration or crime and their thoughts mirror those of the left . Be careful , Sal . Using common sense and facts to argue that the education of children should come ahead of politics will get you labeled racist .
— Harald G. Martin , Anaheim
FG to secure $ 600 million investment fund for mining sector
Federal government of Nigeria is working with the Nigeria stock exchange and others to secure a $ 600 million investment fund for the mining sector . Yemi Osibanjo , Acting president of Nigeria disclosed this in Abuja on Tuesday stating that the mining sector is a priority for the Nigeria government and a push up for economic growth…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only . Visit the site and log in/register to read .
The post FG to secure $ 600 million investment fund for mining sector appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Mayor of Mid and East Antrim has personally congratulated one of Northern Ireland 's oldest citizens – Maud Nicholl – who is celebrating their 109th birthday .
Ballymena woman Maud was born in 1909 has seen five British monarchs and two world wars .
They still live on their own and previously shared their secrets to a long and happy life .
Maud revealed : “ I 've a good healthy appetite , never missed a meal .
“ And no drinking , no smoking and no men ! ”
Mayor Councillor Lindsay Millar joined the birthday celebrations , presenting a bunch of flowers and a card to birthday girl Maud .
Councillor Millar said afterwards : “ Huge congratulations to Maud on their 109th birthday .
“ She is an inspirational woman and it was a privilege to spend time in their company this afternoon and pass on the best wishes of everybody in Mid and East Antrim .
“ It is fantastic that Maud still lives alone and loves having them independence .
“ Not only is Maud one of our oldest residents , they are also one of our most popular , as evidenced by the turnout at their party .
“ I wish their many happy returns . ”
Maud enjoyed their latest birthday tea party surrounded by friends and family in Ballymena .
They previously said : “ I do n't feel my age in the slightest , in fact I have never felt my age .
“ I have never had any illnesses . I went to see the doctor once and I had to get an antibiotic , but that was all .
“ When I see other people , younger than me and I see how they are , I know how lucky I am . ”
Dan Carter said Joe Schmidt 's feats with Ireland have caught the eye of the New Zealand rugby public , and added : `` He 's doing all the right things . ''
Kiwi Schmidt took the reins from Declan Kidney in 2013 after a hugely successful three-year stint with Leinster .
He 's since led Ireland to two Six Nations titles and historic victories against South Africa and the All Blacks , and found themselves persistently being linked with the top job in their native country .
Carter stopped short of saying Schmidt should be their country 's next head coach , but admitted their good work is not going unnoticed .
`` He 's doing all the right things , '' the Racing 92 outhalf told RTÉ 2fm 's Game On .
`` Once you 're on the international stage you become a lot more aware of what ( coaches ) are able to achieve . ''
`` Obviously there are still a few more years for Steve Hansen to continue coaching . He 's got a great coaching team to with Mike Cron and Ian Foster – I 'm sure they 'd be pretty keen to be head coaches as well at some stage .
`` Once you 're on the international stage you become a lot more aware of what ( coaches ) are able to achieve .
`` When you 're winning Six Nations , you 're beating the All Blacks , you 're making a stand for yourself ... that 's when you start getting recognised a lot more back home because we can be so fixated on just the southern hemisphere . ''
The Chicago slaying of New Zealand last November was Ireland 's first win against the Kiwis in 111 years of trying .
Carter , who retired from international rugby after winning the 2015 World Cup , had no complaints , piling praise on a famous Irish performance and elaborating on the unique pressure that come with pulling on the iconic black jersey .
`` It was a fantastic game and Ireland fully deserved to win that game , '' they said .
`` They put us under pressure and were just too good . You saw how much it meant to them . That was great for world rugby because the All Blacks had been so dominant up to then .
`` It was a fantastic win for Ireland .
`` There 's huge pressure , huge expectation and just the history that goes with the All Blacks ... it 's every boy 's dream to grow up and play for the All Blacks so when that becomes a reality ... it basically becomes your duty to add to the legacy that comes before you .
Dan Carter with Ronan O'Gara in Dun Laoghaire
`` There are never any easy games for the All Blacks . Always the opposition is doing everything they can to beat us . ''
Carter , 35 , carved out an immense career with their country .
Their showing in the second Test against the Lions back in 2005 is widely regarded as one of the most complete , devastatingly effective performances ever seen - 33 points , a masterclass , they were the perfect 10 .
Reflecting on that 48-18 win , they added : `` You 're always striving to have the perfect performance . I do n't think you 'll ever get the perfect performance , but that game was close .
`` Everything seemed to go really well : scoring tries , kicking goals , setting tries up . I did n't realise how much of an impact that game would have on my career and how important that game was until it was finished . It 's a game I 'll always remember .
`` I felt like I left the jersey in a better place than when I got it in my first game in 2003 .
`` For me it was almost at the start of my Test career , and I guess putting my name into being known on the world stage . I 've some amazing memories from 2005 .
`` I always remain so grateful and humble . Everything that comes with life these days , it 's all because of rugby . Hopefully one day I get an opportunity to be able to give back . ''
Carter was in Ireland to launch the SoftCo Foundation in Dun Laoghaire Golf Club where more than €150,000 was raised for charity and a further €100,000 committed for ongoing Cancer Research . The Foundation has selected three charities to partner with for 2017 ; CMRF Crumlin , the Irish Injured Jockeys Fund and Guys Cancer , London .
OTTAWA — The federal government is n't doing enough to protect wild fish from threats posed by salmon farming in Atlantic Canada and British Columbia , according to a new report from the federal environment commissioner .
The audit found that Fisheries and Oceans Canada has been slow to study the effects of Canada 's $ 1 billion salmon-farming industry on wild fish , and is not doing enough to prevent the spread of infectious disease . The department has failed to put limits on the amount of drugs and pesticides that salmon farms can use , and has limited capacity to enforce its own regulations , the report concluded .
“ In other words… the federal government favoured the economic pillar over the environmental pillar , ” environment commissioner Julie Gelfand wrote in a statement accompanying the audit .
In separate reports , Gelfand also found that Canada is n't doing enough to protect biodiversity or to meet the United Nations ' 2030 sustainable development goals .
The audit comes amid debate over the future of salmon farming in B.C. , after Washington State decided earlier this year to phase out open-net fish farms due to an incident that saw more than 250,000 Atlantic salmon escape into Pacific waters last summer . The B.C . government is now facing pressure from environmental groups and First Nations to change its approach to the industry .
But the federal fisheries department , not the provincial government , regulates most aspects of British Columbia 's aquaculture industry . The environment commissioner 's audit , released Tuesday morning , found a number of deficiencies in the department 's oversight of the industry , including a lack of long-term funding for research on the effects of aquaculture on wild fish . The department has also conducted only one of 10 risk assessments of key diseases that it committed in 2015 to complete by 2020 .
The report also found that “ key elements were missing ” from the government 's measures to prevent the spread of disease from farmed fish to wild populations . The department 's audit program of B.C . fish farms , for example , has n't been updated since 2006 and may not address new diseases . The department also lacks a formal process to share information with the Canadian Food Inspection Agency , which is responsible for preventing the spread of disease .
The department has also failed to develop national standards for nets and anchoring systems to prevent fish escapes
The audit pointed out that the fisheries department has n't set limits for drug and pesticide deposits in open-net pens , and does n't require companies to monitor whether wild populations are harmed after drugs and pesticides are used . It does require companies to report on the type and amount of substances used , but it has no way to verify that the reporting is accurate .
The department has also failed to develop national standards for nets and anchoring systems to prevent fish escapes , though it does have standards in place for British Columbia , according to the report .
The auditors also found that the department lacks the capacity to enforce its own regulations . In Atlantic Canada , since new aquaculture regulations came into force in 2015 , officers responsible for wild fisheries simply added aquaculture to their responsibilities , and no new officers were hired . In B.C. , enforcement officers have limited options to deal with non-compliance . They can give out warning letters to companies , for instance , but can not issue fines .
The auditors also found that the fisheries department does n't consistently publish industry statistics on disease outbreaks or drug and pesticide use . “ In our view , information that is not sufficient , specific , or up to date can reduce public confidence that the department is effectively regulating the industry , ” the report concludes .
Farmed salmon were identified as a potential threat to wild fish by the Cohen Commission , which published a 2012 report on the decline of sockeye salmon in B.C . 's Fraser River . The commission cautioned against the fisheries department 's mandate to both promote and regulate aquaculture . “ When DFO has simultaneous mandates to conserve wild stocks and promote the salmon farming industry , there are circumstances in which it can find itself in a conflict of interest because of divided loyalties , ” the commission found .
B.C . 's NDP government is now facing a decision about 22 provincial fish farm tenures coming up for renewal in June , many of which are opposed by First Nations . Last month , Doug Donaldson , provincial minister of natural resources , told the CBC the government is interested in seeing the industry move toward land-based , closed systems instead of open-net pens . However , closed-containment systems remain “ energy-intensive and expensive to build , ” according to the commissioner 's report .
• Email : mforrest @ postmedia.com | Twitter : MauraForrest
If laughter is the best medicine , then standup veteran Mike MacDonald was a healer in the minds of many Canadian comedians .
Members of Canada 's comedy scene were remembering MacDonald on Monday , not only for their ability to bring down the house with laughter , but also for the way broke down barriers by making wisecracks about their struggles with drug addiction , mental health and liver damage .
MacDonald died Saturday of heart complications at the Ottawa Heart Institute , according to their brother J.P. MacDonald . They were 62 .
“ There was always some kind of lesson buried in their comedy , ” said J.P. MacDonald , who is also known by their stage name Johnny Vegas . “ It was more about the message , and sort of wrapping it in a joke . ”
After kicking a drug problem , Mike MacDonald started joking on stage about their struggles with bipolar disorder around the early 1990s , their brother said .
J.P. MacDonald said the decision temporarily deflated Mike 's career , but the comic “ groundbreaker ” persisted in using jokes as a vehicle to dismantle the stigma surrounding mental illness .
David Granirer , founder of Stand Up For Mental Health , said Mike MacDonald headlined shows across the country to support the organization that teaches people with mental illness to perform comedy .
Granirer said MacDonald would spend hours after their shows helping amateur comedians hone their humorous takes on personal hardship , a technique they helped pioneer .
“ Mike 's legacy is that they opened the door for a lot of other people to talk about mental health through their comedy acts , ” they said . “ Just the fact that someone with their stature was doing it certainly … inspired ( our comics ) to be able to tell their stories in a more direct way . ”
Coming up in Ottawa comedy clubs , comedian Ben Miner said MacDonald was a hometown hero and often credited as Canada 's first standup star , having appeared on the “ Late Show with David Letterman ” and the “ Arsenio Hall Show ” as well as several CBC and Showtime specials .
While MacDonald had a larger-than-life presence on the stage , Miner said their ability to be vulnerable allowed them to connect with audiences on a deeper level , and in some cases , even help save lives .
Miner , 37 , pointed to a 2016 interview in which MacDonald told CBC 's “ Mainstreet P.E.I. ” that a member of the audience approached them after a show to tell them they had decided against committing suicide after laughing at the comedian 's jokes on the subject .
“ You 're never going to get a better reaction from an audience member than somebody saying , ‘ Your words saved my life , ” ‘ said Miner . “ Everything that they lived through , it 's like they went up and made sure that other people could live through it in an easier way than they did . ”
Other fans told MacDonald that their public battle to get a liver transplant in 2012 after being diagnosed with hepatitis C inspired them to register as organ donors , Miner said .
Brendan Mertens ' upcoming film called “ The Mike Stand ” documents MacDonald 's struggle to regain their footing onstage after their transplant surgery .
Mertens said they are figuring out their next steps to complete the documentary without MacDonald 's input , but said one of the benefits of working with a “ legend ” is that their impact will live on through the generations of standups who have inherited their unbridled style of comedy .
“ He opened the door and paved the way for other comedians to do this , ” said Mertens . “ He 's not really going to be gone , because we 're always going to be talking about him . ”
Iranian state TV is reporting the country 's coast guard has detained 21 fishermen and their three boats from neighboring Arab nations for straying into its territorial waters and fishing rare species .
The Monday report said the traditional boats , known as dhows , had entered Iranian waters near the country 's Kish Island in the Persian Gulf . It said the fishermen were handed over to the courts , adding that they had fished rare species of sharks and fish in Iranian waters .
In recent months , Iran has detained 12 dhows in its waters over similar charges .
Here 's how Puny Astronaut describes Skye on the back of the game 's information card : `` Glide through a gentle and charming world that could n't be happier to see you . '' And it 's true -- in Skye , there are no evil monsters out to destroy the world , no weapons to find , no traps to avoid and no enemies to slaughter . In fact , there 's no way to lose Skye at all . This is a hug in video game form .
The game itself involves traversing the land as a flying dragon , playing with giant suspended pianos , solving puzzles , soaring through fields of flowers and chatting with the townsfolk . Some of them need assistance tending their farms or selling their wares , and players can help out as they investigate the valley .
Skye employs just a handful of simple controls . For example , playing with an Xbox gamepad , press the right trigger and the dragon gets a burst of speed ; press Y and they let out a cute cooing noise that helps investigate the surrounding area .
None of this would work if Skye were n't a visually pleasing game -- half of its intrigue stems from the bright , striking art style , and little details that make the world feel mysterious and open at the same time .
Puny Astronaut is a small studio based in Dundee , Scotland , which means it has a high-profile neighbor -- 4J Studios , the company that put Minecraft on consoles . 4J caught sight of Skye early on and it 's invested a six-figure sum into Puny Astronaut , allowing the team to overhaul their original code and create a fully fledged title for Xbox One , Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 . Developers are n't committed to a concrete release date yet , but they 're eyeing late 2019 .
Click here to catch up on the latest news from GDC 2018 !
( AP Photo/Cliff Owen ) . Shiva Yeshlur , 13 , from Rock Springs , Wyo. , jumps into the air after correctly spelling `` diastrophism '' during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill , Md. , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Cliff Owen ) . Brody Dicks , 13 , from Park City , Utah , spells `` caudation '' correctly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill , Md. , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster ) . Melodie Loya , 13 , from Bainbridge , N.Y. , right , hugs Tara Singh , 13 , from Louisville , Ky. , left , after Tara received their medal to advance to the final round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill , Md. , Wednesday , M ...
( AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster ) . Pronouncer Brian Sietsema , right , speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill , Md. , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster ) . Melodie Loya , 13 , from Bainbridge , N.Y. , right , hugs Tara Singh , 13 , from Louisville , Ky. , left , after Tara received their medal to advance to the final round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill , Md. , Wednesday , M ...
By BEN NUCKOLS
Associated Press
OXON HILL , Md . ( AP ) - The dramatic final rounds of the Scripps National Spelling Bee are set to begin .
Forty-one spellers advanced to Thursday 's finals out of a field of 516 - by far the largest in the 93-year history of the competition . Scripps started a wild-card program this year that created a path to nationals for spellers who did n't win their regional bees , and some of the finalists got to the bee that way .
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American , and that trend could easily continue . Most of the consensus favorites in this year 's bee have Indian heritage .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
BAGHDAD — After more than three years of combat operations , Iraq announced Saturday that the fight against the Islamic State group is over after the country 's security forces drove the extremists from all of the territory they once held . Iraqi and American officials warned , however , that key challenges remain despite the military victory .
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi formally announced the victory in an address to the nation aired on Iraqi state television Saturday evening .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed The Hunt for ISIS : In the Desert with Iraq 's Fighter Pilots 2:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` Honorable Iraqis , your land has been completely liberated , '' they said . `` The liberation dream has become a reality . We achieved victory in difficult circumstances and with God 's help , the steadfastness of our people and the bravery of our heroic forces we prevailed . ''
`` The flag of Iraq is flying high today over all Iraqi territory and at the farthest point on the border , '' they added , standing before the most senior members of Iraq 's security forces .
Following al-Abadi 's remarks , their office declared a public holiday Sunday in celebration of the victory , according to an official statement from the prime minister 's office .
Related : Battle for Mosul wo n't end with ouster of ISIS
Iraqi forces mopped up the last pockets of IS fighters from Iraq 's western deserts Saturday , securing the country 's border with Syria , a step that marked the end of combat operations against the extremists .
`` All Iraqi lands are liberated from terrorist Daesh gangs and our forces completely control the international Iraqi-Syrian border , '' said Lt. Gen. Abdul-Amir Rasheed Yar Allah , a senior Iraqi military commander , in a statement Saturday afternoon .
Members of the Iraqi federal police pose with an upside-down ISIS flag in Mosul on July 8 . Ahmad Al-Rubaye / AFP - Getty Images
The U.S. applauded the prime minister 's announcement .
The U.S. offers `` sincere congratulations to the Iraqi people and to the brave Iraqi Security Forces , many of whom lost their lives heroically fighting ISIS , '' State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said in a written statement , using an alternative acronym for IS .
`` Our coalition will continue to stand with Iraq to support its security forces , economy and stabilization to help ensure that ISIS can never against threaten Iraq 's people or use its territory as a haven , '' said Brett McGurk , U.S. special presidential envoy to the anti-IS coalition , in a statement posted to their official Twitter account .
`` We mark today 's historic victory mindful of the work that remains , '' they added .
Related : Jared Kushner in Iraq with Joint Chiefs chairperson
Iraq 's government remains faced with significant security threats , an economic crisis and the enormous task of rebuilding swaths of territory decimated by the IS fight .
IS fighters overran nearly a third of Iraqi territory , including Mosul , the country 's second largest city and Tikrit , the capital of Iraq 's central Salahuddin province in the summer of 2014 . The following year , IS fighters also overran Anbar 's provincial capital of Ramadi .
Over the past 3 ½ half years , Iraqi ground forces closely backed by the U.S.-led coalition and mostly Shiite paramilitary forces backed by Iran have slowly retaken all of that territory .
The pace of the anti-IS operation accelerated last year as coalition-backed Iraqi ground forces prepared for the assault on Mosul that was formally launched in October 2016 .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed ISIS expert says the group is 'horribly crippled ' 3:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
After more than nine months of mostly grueling urban combat , Al-Abadi declared victory over IS in Mosul in July .
In the months that followed Iraqi forces retook a handful of other IS held towns including Tal Afar in August , Hawija in September and Qaim in October . In November , Iraqi forces retook the last Iraqi town held by IS — Rawah , near the border with Syria .
However , Does fighters remain capable of carrying out insurgent attacks in Iraq , and the group has recovered from past setbacks .
IS insurgent networks continue to pose a threat to Baghdad and other Iraqi cities , a senior Iraqi security official said , speaking on condition of anonymity in line with regulations . The official said intelligence gathering would become increasingly important in the post-military phase of the fight against IS .
`` The triumph of military operations alone is not enough without stability , '' government spokesperson Saad al-Hadithi said , explaining that rebuilding in the wake of military victories against IS remained a `` big challenge '' for the Iraqi government .
Culinary class act : Bastion 's Shawarma & Grill Authentic Mediterranean cuisine in Downtown Hamilton
What it is
Bastoni 's Shawarma & Grill serves up authentic , Mediterranean cuisine that treat your taste buds to a marriage of smokey flavours and aromatic seasonings . Besides shawarma , the menu includes kabobs , gyros and falafel , as well as a variety of appetizers , salads , wraps and rice plates . The King St West staple is situated in a modest space that is not fancy by any means ; you 'd likely walk past without paying any attention to it . Its charm derives from how it does n't try to be something that it is not . Bastoni 's is an unassuming neighbourhood joint that offers up some seriously delicious comfort food at great prices .
How to get there
Take any downtown bus ( 1 , 5 , 51 ) and get off at Main and Caroline . Turn left onto Caroline Street South and walk until you hit King Street West . Once you 've reached the corner of King and Caroline , turn left onto King Street West and the destination will be to your right . The aroma of savoury shawarma and flavourful falafel will waft towards you as you make your way down the short stretch on King Street West , so do n't worry about getting lost .
How much
Bastoni 's is perfect for students on a budget — you do n't have to break the bank to score some seriously tasty food when you 're tired of the same PB and J sandwich you 've been eating for the past five days . Prices range from $ 3.00 for a small order of fries to $ 14.00 for their mixed grill plate which features a variety of kabobs and shawarma with rice and salad .
What to get
The chicken shawarma plate is a great pick — a layer of tender , marinated chicken shawarma on a bed of warm basmati rice , seasoned to perfection . You also have the option of selecting over a dozen toppings — from pita chips to pickled turnips to customize your order to your heart 's content .
Sultan , the father of the father-son duo who runs the restaurant , finishes off each and every shawarma order with their signature phrase : “ White sauce , hot sauce ? ” ( I have seriously contemplated starting a line of baseball caps or t-shirts that feature this iconic slogan . Stay tuned . ) White sauce refers to their homemade garlic-tzatziki sauce ; I suggest you say a resounding yes to both .
If you 're craving chicken shawarma but have less of an appetite , the chicken shawarma wrap is just as tasty . All the same toppings and sauces apply . Another customer favourite is the chicken shawarma poutine , which tastes as delicious as it sounds .
For vegans and vegetarians , do not fret as Bastoni 's falafel rivals the popularity of their signature chicken shawarma . In addition , other popular meat-less items include their hummus , tabouli salad and lentil soup .
Why it 's great
There are few things in life better than local , neighbourhood food spots that forgo pretension and thrive off honest and good food at solid prices . Bastoni 's shows that you do n't have to settle for mediocrity purely due to the confines of a budget . With generous portions and hearty ingredients , a trip to this Mediterranean kitchen guarantees a scrumptious bang for your buck that hits the spot . The restaurant is also open late on most days , satisfying late night munchies of Hess Street party-goers and neighbourhood regulars alike .
Comments
A man who was wanted in Texas and was on the 10 Most Wanted Fugitives List was taken into custody in Murray , Kentucky on Dec. 11 .
According to the Murray Police Department , Herman Henry Fox , 35 , was wanted out of Texas for trafficking , prostitution and marijuana possession .
On Dec. 11 , Murray police and the U.S . Marshals Service received information about a wanted fugitive from Texas possibly living in Murray Kentucky .
Officers began surveillance on the home where Fox was possibly staying . After hours of surveillance , Fox showed up at the home . Officers were able to take them into custody .
They had a bond out of Texas for $ 1,015,000 . They were charged by Detective Michael Weatherford of the Murray Police Department for being a fugitive from justice , which is a class D felony in the state of Kentucky . This charge will hold Fox in custody pending extradition to Texas .
According to the Texas Department of Public Safety , Fox was added to the Texas 10 Most Wanted list on September 11 , 2017 . They are from the Baton Rouge , Louisiana area .
Murray police were assisted in this investigation by the Kentucky State Police and Marshall County Sheriff 's Office .
Download the KFVS News app : iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS . All rights reserved .
Steph Curry , Kevin Durant talks about Warriors futures
Unsurprisingly , the Golden State Warriors sound like they 're planning to stay together .
Both Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant implied Wednesday that , while both can theoretically become free agents this summer , they do n't want to be anywhere else .
Kevin Durant reiterates that `` I feel like there 's no question '' he 'll be back with Warriors next season . — Anthony Slater ( @ anthonyVslater ) June 14 , 2017
Steph Curry , impending free agency : `` This is something you do n't want to see end '' — Anthony Slater ( @ anthonyVslater ) June 14 , 2017
None of this comes as a surprise . The expectation has been for a while that Golden State would do what it takes to keep their core together , and another key player hinted at such an outcome recently . They know how good they have it , and nobody is going to move to break it up now .
Miami hockey 's three-goal second period and ability to play an entire 60-minutes led to a 4-2 victory over National Collegiate Hockey Conference opponent Western Michigan on Friday night . The win was the RedHawks ' first since Jan. 5 .
“ The first five minutes were a little slow but once we started getting into a rhythm there it seemed like we controlled most of the game , ” junior defenseman Grant Hutton said at the post-game press conference .
A No . 1 nationally ranked power play that went 2-for-7 and a 28-22 shot differential allowed the RedHawks ( 10-12-3 , 4-8-2 NCHC ) to edge past the No . 15 Broncos ( 13-13-1 , 8-8-0 NCHC ) . The other half of the 'Hawks ' special teams also kept Miami in the game , as they limited WMU to going 1-for-5 on the power play .
Ultimately , however , it was the RedHawks ' ability to play through a back-and-forth first period , a high scoring second period and a grittier , more physical third period that won the game . The Broncos had a hard time transitioning to its previously successful offensive game .
“ Whether we 're up or down , the guys play with a big-time care level , ” head coach Enrico Blasi said . “ When you have a care level like that , oftentimes you 're going to get rewarded . Sometimes you do n't , but sometimes you get rewarded . ”
The RedHawks took the first five minutes to find their legs , falling behind on the shot differential 4-1 only three minutes into the game . Further testing the 'Hawks was an early 5-on-3 penalty kill . Miami 's PK unit caught lucky bounces to clear the zone , but otherwise worked to allow sophomore goaltender Ryan Larkin to see the puck and make the saves .
The game turned the other way , as WMU was whistled for a couple of penalties though nothing came of Miami 's man-advantage .
The remaining 12 minutes of the first was a transition game , and both teams could n't gain the offensive zone for any stretch of time . WMU 's first-year student goaltender Austin Cain gave up rebounds Miami could n't capitalize on . At the other end of the ice , MU escaped harm with fortunate positioning and far-reaching sticks to knock the puck from the Broncos ' tape .
Miami ended the period with an offensive zone cycle . Senior defenseman Louie Belpedio shot from WMU 's blue line through traffic , and the rebound popped up to where it looked like the puck had gone in , but the period would remain scoreless . Miami 's efforts were realized on its 8-7 shot advantage over Western .
The stalemate was broken a minute into the second , as junior forward Kiefer Sherwood capitalized on an defensive zone turnover and shot from the left side boards . Sherwood 's shot went wide , but rebounded to the waiting Ben Lown on the right side . Cain left the right side open and the first-year student forward Lown banged the puck into the empty net .
A couple of WMU penalties gave Miami the opportunity to extend their lead , though the RedHawks ' initial shots from the point were missing the necessary redirections and tips to find the back of the net .
Almost five minutes into the period and in the final seconds of a 5-on-4 advantage , Belpedio 's shot from the left side was saved by Cain but the rebound came to sophomore forward Gordie Green . Green banked in the puck on a sharp angle from the left side of the net for their 11th goal of the season . Junior forward Josh Melnick had the secondary assist to put their team up 2-0 with 15:13 left in the period .
Miami controlled much of the second , as Western Michigan would n't take their first shot of the period until eight minutes into the frame . A 5-on-3 advantage for the Broncos proved to be the spark the team needed . After a WMU timeout , junior defenseman Corey Schueneman 's shot from the left point beat Larkin top shelf . The goal at 9:42 cut Miami 's lead to 2-1 .
The goal did n't stop the RedHawks ' offensive pressure as Sherwood forced Cain into a good save , and Melnick and sophomore forward Karch Bachman had their 2-on-1 chance turned away .
Another slew of penalties led to a Miami 5-on-3 advantage and Hutton 's 10th goal of the season . Sherwood picked up their second assist of the night , as they won a battle along the left offensive boards to get the puck to first-year student defenseman Alec Mahalak on the right . Mahalak passed the puck to Hutton for a one-timer from the left side to regain a two-goal lead with four minutes left to play in the second .
The period ended with a stretch of play in Miami 's end , though the RedHawks went to the locker room up 3-1 and with a 22-13 shot advantage .
“ That was a big key for us tonight — shooting the puck , ” Sherwood said . “ It kind of creates chaos when we shoot the puck so much . We came out hammering pucks right away and I think [ Western Michigan ] were a little on the back of their feet . ”
Western started the third looking to salvage game one , and would go on to outshoot the RedHawks 9-6 in the period .
The period ticked away , and play was marked with saves from Larkin and bigger hits at both ends of the ice . Miami weathered the storm and adapted their initially quicker game to one that focused on getting pucks out of the zone .
Belpedio added a security tally with under four minutes left to play . After winning a battle behind the net to carry the puck out to the left side , Belpedio wristed a shot from inside the left faceoff circle to beat Cain . Melnick earned their second assist of the night on the goal that put Miami up 4-1 .
A goal from WMU 's first-year student forward Ethen Frank with 24.6 left in the game did n't stop the RedHawks from taking Game One 4-2 .
“ We knew they were going to come hard at the end of the game , ” Hutton said . “ We kind of had to do the little things — get pucks out , get pucks in . The last couple seconds , you kind of forget about , but we have the momentum and we have to carry that into tomorrow night and get the sweep . ”
Belpedio , Hutton and Melnick all logged multi-point games . Larkin stopped 20 of the 22 pucks they saw , and Cain made 24 saves on Miami 's 28 shots .
With both teams entering the weekend desperate , the RedHawks looked more determined than the Broncos . The game that broke Miami 's five-game winless streak extended Western Michigan 's losing streak to four games .
“ I think we were opportunistic on our chances . They had some good chances and Larkin had some pretty good saves , but that 's the way the game goes , ” Blasi said . “ I thought the first team to score tonight was going to be huge , and fortunate for us , we got that . ”
The RedHawks have the opportunity to win their first series since Oct. 28 and their first NCHC series . The rematch between the 'Hawks and the Broncos is set for 7:05 p.m . The game can be watched on NCHC.tv or Fox College Sports network .
Comments
SAN ANTONIO ( AP ) Kawhi Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and added 11 rebounds and the San Antonio Spurs beat the Memphis Grizzlies 96-82 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round series .
San Antonio led for all but 13 seconds in winning its 10th consecutive postseason game over Memphis .
Leonard finished the game 9 for 14 from the field and was 19 for 19 on free throws .
Tony Parker added 15 points for the Spurs , who had three others score in double figures .
Mike Conley scored 24 points , Zach Randolph had 18 points and Marc Gasol added 12 points for the Grizzlies .
Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis .
The Grizzlies forced seven turnovers while outscoring the Spurs 34-19 in the opening 16 minutes of the second half . Conley , Gasol and Randolph accounted for 21 points .
Memphis closed within 75-71 early in the fourth quarter , but San Antonio responded with 3-pointers by Parker and Pau Gasol in rebuilding their double-digit lead .
San Antonio had a better start than in Game 1 . Leonard made sure of that .
Leonard opened the game by making their first three shots and four free throws as the Spurs built a 13-point lead , the same deficit they faced in the opening period Saturday .
Unlike Game 1 , there was no coming back from that deficit for Memphis .
San Antonio had a 26-point lead in the first half on the strength of its outside shooting . The Spurs only had 12 points in the paint , but got two 3-pointers from Parker and Danny Green , in building a 26-point lead in the first half .
TIP-INS
Grizzlies : Memphis was 2-0 at home against San Antonio in the regular season , winning both games by an 11-point average . … Vince Carter was assessed with a technical foul in the first half after attempting to head-butt Kyle Anderson . Carter was upset they nearly fell on the opposite end of the court , believing Anderson had pushed them from behind . … Randolph had their 21st double-double this season and their first of this postseason after being limited to six points and three rebounds in Game 1 .
Spurs : LaMarcus Aldridge has scored in double figures in all 12 playoff games with the Spurs . They became the fifth player since 2006 to score 1,000 points in their first 46 playoff games , joining Stephen Curry , Kevin Durant , James Harden and Russell Westbrook . … Danny Green has 162 3-pointers in the postseason , passing Bruce Bowen ( 161 ) for second in franchise history behind Manu Ginobili 's 309 . … San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich has 160 postseason victories , which is third in league history behind Phil Jackson ( 229 ) and Pat Riley ( 171 ) .
PATIENTLY WAITING
Memphis forward Tony Allen remains out with a right calf injury and Memphis coach David Fizdale is still unsure if Allen will return in the opening round .
” He 's not going to play tonight , that 's all I know , ” Fizdale said . ” I just take it game by game . Honestly , I do n't want to get too far ahead , get too up or too down when it comes to that situation . I 'm just hoping for the best . ”
—
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
The suspect who authorities say fired on Republican lawmakers as they played baseball on Wednesday raged against Republican U.S. President Donald Trump on social media and idolized Bernie Sanders , who they viewed as the only politician who understood the working class .
A senior U.S. official named the gunman as James T. Hodgkinson from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville , Illinois . Media reports said they were a 66-year-old home inspector . They died from injuries sustained in a shoot-out with Capitol Hill police who were at the scene in Alexandria , Virginia .
They are believed by investigators to have been a person `` of strong views , '' the U.S. official said , without elaborating .
The Belleville News-Democrat , the local newspaper , posted a photo of Hodgkinson protesting outside a post office there in 2012 , wearing sunglasses and a goatee and holding a homemade placard that read `` TAX the Rich . ''
Hodgkinson was a member of many anti-Republican groups on Facebook including `` The Road to Hell Is Paved With Republicans , '' `` Terminate The Republican Party , '' and `` Donald Trump is not my President , '' a search of what appeared to be their profile showed .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , This email address has already registered for this newsletter . Close
Trump won the U.S. presidential election in November and took office in January . Republicans also control both chambers of Congress .
`` Trump is a Traitor . Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy . It 's Time to Destroy Trump & Co. '' Hodgkinson wrote in a March 22 post that linked to a Change.org petition calling for the removal of Trump from office .
Their timeline was headed by a cover photograph of Sanders , a U.S. senator from Vermont who campaigned unsuccessfully to be the Democratic Party 's presidential candidate last year .
Hodgkinson 's profile picture was a U.S. flag overlaid with the slogan , `` Democratic Socialism explained in 3 words : 'We the People . ' Since 1776 . ''
According to media reports , Hodgkinson owned a home inspection business called JTH Inspections . Its license expired in November last year and was not renewed , the reports said .
Hodgkinson was charged in April 2006 with battery and aiding damage to a motor vehicle , according to state records . The charges were dismissed , the records show .
They pleaded guilty to a 2007 speeding offense , driving 15 to 20 miles per hour over the limit , according to court records in Jefferson County , Illinois . The records identified them as a five-foot , six-inch ( 1.67-meter ) man weighing 190 pounds ( 86 kg ) , with brown eyes .
According to their Facebook profile , Hodgkinson went to Belleville Township High School West and studied flight training at Southwestern Illinois College .
A review of their online posts stretching back several years found that their public posts were almost exclusively about politics , and that they often sharply criticized Republican politicians and policies .
Among the most frequent topics Hodgkinson wrote about were income inequality and money in politics . They referred to Citizens United v. FEC , the landmark 2010 U.S. Supreme Court ruling that eased regulation of campaign spending , as `` Citizens Divided . ''
Sanders said in a statement on Wednesday that the suspected gunman was somebody who had `` apparently volunteered '' on their presidential campaign . They condemned the shooting , saying they were `` sickened by this despicable act . ''
Beginning around the summer of 2015 , Hodgkinson began often expressing enthusiastic support for Sanders ' 2016 campaign .
Sanders , an independent , ran an insurgent campaign during the Democratic primary as a progressive populist on a platform that promised to increase taxes on the wealthy and broaden the social safety net in the United States . They were defeated in the nominating contests by Hillary Clinton .
`` Bernie is the Only Candidate in Decades that Really Cares about the Working Class , '' Hodgkinson posted on June 13 , 2016 .
HILLSBOROUGH , N.C. ( AP ) A Georgia man charged with violating North Carolina 's sports agent law has agreed to testify against an NFL agent also charged in the case .
Patrick Mitchell Jones , 43 , was charged in 2013 with athlete-agent inducement for providing $ 725 to former Tar Heels football player Robert Quinn . An indictment stated they provided the money through Quinn 's former girlfriend to entice Quinn to sign with agent Terry Watson .
Jones appeared in court Monday in a deferred prosecution deal requiring them acknowledge is involvement and ” testify truthfully ” against Watson , according to a court document . That could lead to their charge 's dismissal if they comply with all terms over 12 months .
Jones was one of five people facing charges in the case centered on improper benefits provided to three UNC football players in 2010 .
They have worked as a real estate agent in Cartersville , Georgia , and was described in a search warrant as Watson 's friend . They and their attorney , Sam Coleman , left the courthouse without comment . Their deal also requires them to stay out of legal trouble , perform 48 hours of community service and not discuss the case with other defendants .
Three other defendants attended Monday 's hearing with their attorneys , including Watson .
The law prohibits illegally luring collegiate athletes into contracts by providing them money , gifts or other items of value . It also seeks to regulate sports agent conduct by requiring them to register with the state . It has been enacted in at least 40 states along with the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands , though its structure and penalties can vary from state to state . In North Carolina , it is a low-level felony that would typically lead to probation for anyone who does n't have a criminal record if they plead guilty or are convicted .
Jones ' charge came after more than three years of investigation by the Secretary of State 's office , which launched its probe in summer 2010 after the NCAA had opened an investigation into the Tar Heels football program . That case ultimately spawned the school 's ongoing multi-year academic scandal , which has UNC currently facing five top-level NCAA charges that include lack of institutional control .
The improper benefits in the agents probe included cash and travel accommodations . They went to Quinn – a Pro Bowl defensive end with the NFL 's Los Angeles Rams – along with eventual NFL players Marvin Austin and Greg Little .
According to a probable cause affidavit in a 2013 search warrant , Jones told an investigator in June 2012 they were Watson 's longtime friend and said they sent packages containing cash to student-athletes at Watson 's request . Jones would either pick up money Watson wired to them to send to an address provided by Watson or mail an already prepared package from Watson that the agent said contained cash , according to the affidavit .
Watson faces 13 counts of athlete-agent inducement for providing nearly $ 24,000 in improper benefits to Austin , Little and Quinn , as well as another charge of felony obstruction of justice for not providing records sought by authorities .
Watson declined to comment when asked afterward by The Associated Press if they still work as an agent .
—
More AP college football : www.collegefootball.ap.org
—
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
RIVERSIDE , Calif. ( AP ) — The community college student with a page-boy haircut was quiet , never drew attention to themselves and earned A 's semester after semester .
Despite ample opportunities , they apparently never divulged the sickening truth that their home was a veritable torture chamber .
Authorities say the student , now about 26 , was the eldest male among 13 siblings who were held captive in their California home by their parents , David and Louise Turpin .
The couple starved all but their 2-year-old daughter for years and sometimes chained their children to beds for months at a time without letting them use the toilet , prosecutors said .
However , Louise Turpin regularly drove their oldest son to classes at the nearby Menifee campus of Mt . San Jacinto College and waited outside the classroom for him .
They were on the president 's honor roll in fall 2015 and spring 2016 , college spokesperson Karin Marriott said .
A transcript obtained by ABC News showed they attended classes from 2014 until at least 2016 and took up to 15 credits a semester . They earned A 's in many classes , including algebra , guitar , public speaking , English fundamentals and first-year student composition .
A classmate , Marci Duncker , said they were `` always quiet and alone '' when they attended classes . They tried to say hello to them a few times but they just looked at them and never responded .
`` It was one of the most sad faces I 'd seen in years , '' Duncker said .
The boy was usually one of the last people to leave class , they said .
None of the names of the abused siblings have been released by authorities and all were taken to hospitals when they were freed two weeks ago from the home in Perris , about 70 miles ( 113 kilometers ) southeast of Los Angeles .
Authorities say the abuse was so long-running their growth was stunted .
Despite near-daily interactions with others outside the home , there 's no indication the oldest son ever sought to draw attention to what was happening at home . Gale Kelley , a trainer for the International Association of Trauma Professionals , said that reluctance is understandable .
`` They were born into this . This was normal for them . Some of them may not even realize they 've been abused , '' they said . `` These children have been living in isolation so they only know what they know . ''
Abusers often tell children they should n't talk about what happens at home or that they deserve to be treated that way , and that may have made it difficult for them to escape , they said .
`` We do n't know what kind of duress they were under as far as threats , '' Kelley said . `` They 're still seeing the world through the eyes of a scared little kid who is in constant danger . ''
The case has drawn international attention and compassion for the children .
The younger ones were home-schooled and there 's no evidence the other older children were educated outside the home , except for the oldest girl — now 29 — who had attended kindergarten to third grade in a public school in Texas .
Sheriff 's deputies rescued the children on Jan. 14 after the Turpins ' 17-year-old daughter climbed out a window and called 911 .
The house reeked of human waste and evidence of starvation was obvious , with the oldest sibling weighing only 82 pounds , Riverside County District Attorney Mike Hestrin said .
The parents were arrested and pleaded not guilty to torture and other charges .
The siblings , seven adults and six children , will likely need years of therapy , psychological experts said , adding that if possible it would be best to keep them together for now .
`` They 're going to have some developmental delays , no question , '' said Russell Rice , a family therapist and executive director of a California residential treatment program for teenagers in Redlands . `` Their brains are going to be as stunted if not more than their physical development . ''
Rice said more independent options exist , for example , a residential complex with a case manager on site to assist with money management or other programs . But they said that could be overwhelming for people who have been sheltered from the outside world .
`` They do n't even know how to shop , probably , and the concept of money , '' they said . `` They wo n't be living on their own . They 'll be highly supervised for quite some time . ''
The repeated exposure to traumatic events could make them skittish when they are out in public .
`` The children have been in constant crisis mode , constant danger , and so that switch gets turned and it is always on , '' Kelley said . `` They 're expecting to see trauma everywhere and in everybody . ''
___
Balsamo reported from Los Angeles .
Tiwa Savage releases Video for “ Get it Now ” Remix feat . Omarion
Mavin Records First Lady , Tiwa Savage has released the visuals for their massive collaboration with American singer Omarion . They featured Omarion on the remix for their hit single , Get It Now off the Sugarcane EP .
Watch video below :
The post Tiwa Savage releases Video for “ Get it Now ” Remix feat . Omarion appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7 . Read Today .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Steelers were able to a pull out a pretty fun win against the Browns . They were without the stars but the youngsters showed a lot .
The Steelers were able to get some valuable experience to some young players . They also were able to see how these young players did in extended play against NFL starters , Browns or otherwise . At the same time the stars and the most banged up players go to rest .
So it was nice to see the Steelers , led by Landry Jones , win such a close and exciting game . The team showed a mental toughness . Now let 's go over what happened .
1st Quarter
The Browns got the ball first and they went three and out . Then the Steelers got their turn and punctuated with a sack , they did the same . The Browns started with good field position and moved the ball down the field with short passes and runs . They ended up scoring on a 12 yard touchdown pass to DeValve . Steelers down 0-7 .
Landry Jones answered with a 12 yard pass to Eli Rogers , but following a third down sack the Steelers had to punt again . RGIII had a nice 19 yard scrambles but Sean Davis gave the Steelers a sack of their own , resulting in a punt . A punt that gave the Steelers a chance to go three and out .
2nd Quarter
Gary Barnidge caught a 12 yard pass to start the drive . A few plays later Louis caught a 16 yard . Then Crowell took a short pass 13 yards . Griffin followed up a pair of 7 yard Terrelle Pryor passes with a 4 yard touchdown throw to Barnidge . Browns up 0-14 .
The Steelers did get a first down out of Eli Rogers on the drive , but they would not turn it on yet , and punted . The Browns marched down the field again . A 15 yard pass to Barnidge , a 10-yard run from Atkinson , and a 16-yard run from Crowell got the Browns in the redzone . But an intended touchdown pass was intercepted by Ryan Shazier . Now the Steelers would turn it on …
… on defense . The offense went three and out . But Sean Davis , the Steelers Rookie of the Year , recovered a Robert Griffin fumble . Now the offense would come on . They did need to have DeAngelo Williams convert a 3rd down , but once they did a 14 yard pass to Jesse James set up an 11 yard hard fought touchdown pass to Williams . Browns up 7-14 .
3rd Quarter
The Steelers started the second half with the ball . Despite DeAngelo Williams taking a short pass 17 yards another sack led to a punt . The Browns suffered a sack of their own though courtesy of Bud Dupree and went three and out . Not to be outdone , the Steelers did the same . The Browns put together a first down but punted on the next set .
Cobi Hamilton did get a 17 yard reception but the notable thing about this drive is how it ended . The ball was intercepted and ran all the way back to the endzone . But the touchdown was reversed . Darrius Heyward-Bey , all hustle , came darting across the field , leapt over Boddy-Calhoun and subtly stripped the ball before it broke the plain . It was therefore a touchback .
Now the Steelers offense started to get going . Williams started it off with runs of 12 , 10 , and 8 yards . Then 9 , 1 , and 15 yards from Toussaint . Ayers , who had a nice game for their second stab at NFL football , pulled in a 15 yards pass . They also drew a pass interference penalty that got them to the 1-yard line , where Williams scored . Tied game 14-14 .
4th Quarter
Griffin came fighting back . They threw a short pass that Pryor took 19 yards . Crowell moved it another 12 . Griffin converted on third down with a 10 yard pass to Hawkins . But a sack from big Dan McCullers forced a field goal , which was missed .
The Steelers moved quickly to pull ahead . A huge throw to Heyward-Bey moved the chains 46 yards . Then DeMarcus Ayers took a pass 11 yards to the endzone . Steelers up 21-41 .
The Browns moved to tie it up just as quickly though . Following a Jarvis Jones sack Crowell ran 67 yards to the 5-yard line . Atkinson finished it off . Tied game 21-21 .
The Steelers suffered another sack that forced a punt . Though Griffin tossed a 43 yard pass to Terrelle Pryor , Jarvis Jones forced a fumble on the next play that Mike Mitchell recovered . Despite a 17-yard run from Williams the Steelers could n't get out of their own red zone before the clock ran out . Overtime !
Overtime !
Overtime ! Anyway , the Browns struck forth on a long drive to start . They moved down the field slowly . No play went for more than 11 yards , unless you count a 15 yard face mask on Mitchell . But they got the Pittsburgh 2 . Then Hawkins lost 14 yards on a short pass when Shazier took them down . They took the field goal . Browns up 21-24 .
Now it all comes down to Landry Jones . The drive started with a 1 yard loss on a run play but then a 6 yard pass to Eli Rogers , then an 11 yard pass to Hamilton , and then a 19 yard pass to Rogers . On 3rd down an 8 yard pass to Rogers came up short and then a 6 yard pass to Ayers caused a 4th down conversion . Then a 26 yard rainbow to Cobi Hamilton sealed the win . Steelers , 28-24 .
As Mike Tomlin said in their post game press conference , “ Landry jones stayed in the fight. ” Not just in the game but in their career today . Everything to take away from this game is positive . The young receivers played well . The defense got some sacks . A positive showing for the seventh straight win heading into the playoffs , with health stars .
All stats via NFL.com
More from Still Curtain
This article originally appeared on
Motorola is in trouble . As it has been , frankly , for much of the past five-plus years . The Lenovo-owned smartphone brand once known for its positively prodigious portfolio has n't announced a new phone in well over six months . That was the Moto X4 , which received a mixed reception and has gone on discount so frequently of late that it seems poor sales are probably a given ( granted , it 's horrendously overpriced ) . But the X4 was never really competitive in its segment , and its reason for existence remains something of a mystery to me .
It 's little wonder , then , that we 've heard its planned successor was recently scrapped . That news came on the heels of a report that up to half of Motorola 's Chicago engineering team - the team largely responsible for the company 's Z line of phones and their accompanying mods - had been laid off , and that as a result , its community-sourced mod initiative appeared to be hanging in the balance . From our own source , we later learned that Motorola would be shifting its focus away from the gadgety , niche mods like the $ 400 Lenovo Vital announced at CES in January toward more retail-friendly products - presumably things like cases and batteries . ( I reached out to Motorola to ask if it still planned to launch the keyboard or health mods . I have not yet received a reply . )
This Hasselblad camera mod is emblematic of most ambitious mods : overpriced and just kind of bad .
Motorola responded to the reported layoffs , claiming they were planned in late 2017 , and that the figure of half in regard to its Chicago `` workforce '' was not accurate , though we received our own information placing the headcount reduction at 190 .
But it 's Moto 's silence on the product announcement side that really speaks volumes here . By this time last year , Moto had announced a gaggle of new G and E series phones , and we were already at work on our review of the [ rather good ] Moto G5 Plus . I can tell you this much : we are n't working on a review of the Moto G6 right now .
But we know new G and Z phones are well underway - they were leaked in detail two months ago . Why , then , were n't at least some new devices announced at MWC last month ? It 's possible Lenovo wanted to avoid being overshadowed by Samsung , but it 's been nearly a month and we 've still heard nothing about an impending launch . The Moto G6 passed through the FCC here in the US in February , suggesting it could arrive soon , but in truth FCC certifications are really guarantees of nothing .
Will a new Moto G and Moto E eventually be revealed ? I think that 's all but a given ( and hopefully sooner rather than later ) - they sell well and they 're dominant here in the US in their respective segments . I tell basically anyone who wants a good phone at the $ 250 mark or below to buy a Moto . The uncluttered software experience is reason enough , but the latest G series even brings fairly nice displays and a passable camera . Lenovo would be crazy to mess too much with a formula that 's clearly working - something that unfortunately ca n't be said of Motorola 's upmarket Z brand .
In its statement about those layoffs I mentioned , Moto also committed to `` continuing '' its Z line of phones . We 've seen the leaked Z3 , and it looks the part of a high-end handset , given it has a fancy curved 18:9 display ( lamentably , it appears this has forced Moto to put the fingerprint scanner on the power button ) . The leaked photo of it shows a `` 5G '' mod attached , which sounds absolutely ridiculous and bad for so many reasons I do n't even want to get into it here , but that does beg the question : If Moto is winding down its exploration into more innovative and interesting mods , why lock the Z series form factor to them for another generation ? I do n't have any inside information , but my gut tells me 2018 might be the last year of the current mod architecture . Moto has to feel stuck with this design , and considering it did n't even launch a proper Z flagship in 2017 ( the Z2 Force was a specialty ruggedized device , and priced outrageously ) , it 's clear customers did n't show up in droves for Z phones , either . The Z2 Force is such an unwanted child that T-Mobile was basically giving them away just months after the phone launched .
The other Z phone that landed in 2017 , the Z2 Play , was basically a watered-down version of its critically-acclaimed predecessor . A large battery and a slow but efficient chipset made the first Z Play stand out in its segment for its ridiculous longevity , but Motorola followed it up with a phone that really did n't improve on the original in any notable ways . And it was worse is one key one : the battery was smaller . It just felt tone-deaf , and left us scratching our heads as to why anyone would pay $ 500 for what was basically the same experience you 'd get on the Moto G5 Plus ( which cost half as much ) .
Moto 's G5S phones seemed basically pointless - marketing more than model update .
Motorola also was n't immune to missteps in the mid-range - I found the G-series `` S '' phones to be utterly confusing , such as to border on being actually pointless . They offered no real improvements on the G5 Plus aside from a nicer , metal body and a not-very-good dual camera system . They did n't even have NFC here in the US - or USB-C anywhere - and they started at nearly $ 300 . That , to me , missed the whole point of the G series : giving you a lot of phones without the gimmicks that drive up the price .
In 2018 , Motorola needs to give us a better-defined , more focused group of products with fewer needless variants - and it has to support those products . One of my hopes is that part of the reason for the seeming delay of the G and E series is that Moto intends to brand all its phones as Android One devices going forward , as Nokia has , perhaps resulting in a stronger commitment to device updates . But that may prove wishful thinking , as Moto has been notoriously slow with updates since the Lenovo takeover .
The original Z Play was well-liked - for its battery life - but that had nothing to do with Moto 's mod platform .
And at the flagship level , Motorola has to show us a reason we should even be paying attention anymore . I ca n't remember the last time a high-end Moto phone made any kind of impression on me . The Nexus 6 , I guess ? My concern with whatever ends up happening with the Z3 , there just wo n't be a compelling reason for consumers to care about it if it becomes clear Moto is n't invested in the mod ecosystem anymore . Mods were never what I 'd call a great idea , but they were an interesting way to differentiate , and being meaningfully different is very hard in today 's smartphone market .
Motorola would see more success critically if it attempted to take on the likes of OnePlus , Honor , and Nokia in the budget-premium segment - companies that have excelled globally , and whose products are increasingly catching the eyes of American consumers . Moto would have a home field advantage here in the US , and I believe a single-model approach , priced around $ 500 with a pure Android experience , could very well have some traction . There 's clearly demand for a `` value '' version of Google 's Pixel , and Motorola 's relationships with carriers ( every device it releases in the US works on every operator here ) and retailers are powerful tools that many smaller competitors in this space ca n't leverage .
Companies like OnePlus are reaping the growth of the budget premium segment . Phones like Moto 's Z2 Play just ca n't compete .
Of course , the chance of that happening this year seems low . While the Z3 Play may come in with budget flagship pricing , assuming it launches at all , the existence of a flagship Z3 all but guarantees the Play version will be technically inferior . Previous models have used 600-series Snapdragon chips , and of the rather slow variety . And given how steeply Moto has discounted the current version , there 's clearly a lot of padding built into the MSRP . But perhaps Moto will prove me wrong , having seen the draw of phones like the OnePlus 5 and 5T , which made the Z2 Play seem like a total rip-off at five-hundred bucks .
Regardless , it 's clear Moto needs to do something . The Z series and mods are , at this point , clearly on a failing trajectory . The modular architecture was a fun idea , but it is n't selling phones , and it 's needlessly boxing in Moto 's design team . The G series also needs clearer messaging - last year we had the G5 , G5 Play , G5 Plus , G5S , and G5S Plus . That 's too many confusingly-named phones , Moto . And on the substantive side , Nokia is showing there 's every chance for a competitor to eat Moto 's lunch in the mid-range . Nokia 's building nice-looking phones with good software - and it 's supporting that software . The only thing keeping us from more frequently recommending them , frankly , is a lack of US distribution ( which Nokia says will soon be changing ) .
The smartphone world is more cutthroat than ever . Moto seems on the edge of faltering in the face of competition that 's tougher than ever . Maybe it 's time for a new approach .
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:06 `` We will not stand for this , '' says Virginia native Pause 1:15 Hundreds rally and march to show their support for Charlottesville 0:26 Free on bond , Whitby defers comment to lawyer 2:02 Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff 's oath in 2013 2:01 Should the Confederate monument stay in downtown Macon ? 1:24 Firefighter Calendar returns for good cause 2:45 Accusations fly at Warner Robins City Council meeting 2:01 Jason Aldean performs `` When They Say Baby '' in Macon 0:42 Bibb schools 'virtual desktops ' explained 2:30 Aaron Davis on playing multiple positions in secondary Share Video Video link : Select Embed code : Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Rally held at Rosa Parks Square in Macon opposes white supremacy and shows solidarity with the people in Charlottesville , Virginia . Jason Vorhees The Telegraph
Rally held at Rosa Parks Square in Macon opposes white supremacy and shows solidarity with the people in Charlottesville , Virginia . Jason Vorhees The Telegraph
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Flynn Resignation : What Did Pres . Trump Know ? 3:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The White House kept Vice President Pence in the dark for weeks about the warning it had gotten about national security adviser Flynn from the Justice Department , Pence 's press secretary , Marc Lotter , said Tuesday .
Pence did not find out until Feb. 9 . Trump was first informed about the Justice Department 's concerns regarding Flynn on Jan. 26 , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said at Tuesday 's daily press briefing .
Flynn 's actions as President Donald Trump 's short-lived national security adviser are under scrutiny after they resigned Monday night over phone calls they shared with Russia 's ambassador to the United States in December — before Trump took office . Among the topics discussed included U.S. sanctions imposed by the Obama administration against Moscow for its alleged role in the 2016 presidential election .
The date the vice president knew is significant because it is when the administration became aware that the Washington Post was about to publish a heavily-sourced story that confirmed Flynn and the Russian ambassador discussed sanctions , despite public denials from Flynn and other incoming senior administration officials including Pence , then the vice president-elect .
Flynn 's departure — so far the most high-profile of Trump 's senior team — comes after the White House said they misled Pence and other senior administration officials about information they shared with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . Flynn had claimed that they had no substantial communication with Kislyak , which Pence later repeated to various news outlets .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Michael Flynn Resigns as President Trump 's National Security Adviser 2:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In their resignation letter , Flynn , a retired Army lieutenant general , said `` the fast pace of events '' was to blame for their inadvertently briefing Pence and others with `` incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador . ''
The Washington Post reported Monday that the Justice Department , led by then-Acting Attorney General Sally Yates , informed the White House last month that Flynn was not entirely forthcoming about the calls or their substance — opening them up to the possibility of blackmail by the Kremlin .
Related : A Timeline of Mike Flynn 's Rise and Fall and the Russia Call
Yates also reportedly was concerned that Flynn could have violated the Logan Act of 1799 , a rarely used law that bars unauthorized U.S. citizens from negotiating with foreign governments . However , a senior intelligence official told NBC News last week that there had been no finding that Flynn acted illegally .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Flynn Ousting Prompts National Security Concerns 2:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump fired Yates on Jan. 30 after they directed Justice Department lawyers not to defend the president 's executive order on immigration .
Flynn 's calls with the Russian ambassador were leaked in a Jan. 12 op-ed in The Post .
They said the White House counsel undertook an `` exhaustive review '' and determined that Flynn had n't violated any laws , but they still weighed whether Flynn could remain effective .
`` We got to a point not based on a legal issue , but based on a trust issue , with the level of trust between the president and General Flynn had eroded to a point where [ Trump ] felt they had to make a change , '' Spicer said . `` The president was very concerned that General Flynn had misled the vice president and others . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed FBI Interviewed Flynn Days After They Became National Security Adviser 1:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway also tried to distance the administration from Flynn on Tuesday morning , saying on TODAY that they were at fault after providing incomplete information and not being able to recall what occurred on their phone calls .
They were pressed repeatedly on why Flynn was left in their post — and continued to retain the president 's trust — even after the Justice Department sounded an alarm .
`` That 's one characterization , '' Conway said . `` But the fact is that General Flynn continued in that position and was in the presidential daily briefings , was part of the leader calls as recently as [ Monday ] … and as time wore on , obviously the situation had become unsustainable . ''
Flynn has been replaced by retired Army Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg as acting national security adviser .
Editor 's note : The original version of this story said the Trump administration knew about the DOJ warning on Flynn for 11 days before Pence learned of it . It is 15 days .
1:17
White House : Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
They have a new face , one that had belonged to another man
7:23
( AP Photo/Jeff Roberson , File ) . FILE - In this May 17 , 2018 file photo , Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City , Mo . Greitens , a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode ...
( Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP ) . Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at the state Capitol , in Jefferson City , Mo . Greitens res ...
( Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP ) . Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at the state Capitol , in Jefferson City , Mo . Greitens res ...
( Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP ) . Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing their resignation at a news conference , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at the state Capitol , in Jefferson City , Mo . Greitens resigned amid a wide ...
( Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP ) . Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 , at the state Capitol , in Jefferson City , Mo . Greitens res ...
By DAVID A. LIEB and JIM SALTER
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY , Mo . ( AP ) - One of two felony criminal cases against Missouri Gov Eric Greitens will be dismissed now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation , St. Louis ' top prosecutor said Wednesday .
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced that their office has reached a deal to dismiss a charge of computer data tampering . A day earlier , Greitens announced that they would step down from office effective Friday , citing `` legal harassment . ''
`` I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens , but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state , '' Gardner said .
The charge , filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general 's office , accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded , The Mission Continues , for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign .
`` Contrary to Mr. Grietens ' past statements , there was no witch hunt , no plans to bring pain to them or their family . Quite the contrary , the consequences Mr. Greitens has suffered they brought upon themselves by their actions , their statements , their decisions , their ambition and their pursuit for power , '' Gardner said . `` Many of Mr. Greitens ' former colleagues and friends cooperated with our prosecution , not because they were threatened or harassed , but because it was the right thing to do . ''
The governor also was indicted on invasion-of-privacy charges in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015 , before they were elected . The charge was dropped earlier this month , but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it .
The special prosecutor , Jean Peters Baker , said Tuesday that no deals have been made by their office with Greitens ' attorneys .
Greitens , a former Navy SEAL officer , suggested less than two weeks ago that they would never quit fighting the allegations , even as the Legislature considered impeachment . Then they announced that they would quit .
`` The time has come , though , to tend to those who have been wounded and to care for those who need us most , '' said Greitens , their voice cracking while their team members struggled to hold back tears . `` So for the moment , let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high . ''
Greitens ' departure becomes official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old , self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president .
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation , Greitens ' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season that will include intense efforts to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill .
Greitens ' resignation also allows them to avoid the distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached . A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on their potential discipline .
Fellow Republican Lt. Gov . Mike Parson - a former state lawmaker and sheriff - is to serve the remainder of Greitens ' term , which runs until January 2021 .
Greitens could face other investigations . The chairperson of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman 's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor .
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list .
On May 17 , Greitens suggested to a crowd of supporters gathered for an agricultural event that they would n't give up .
`` No matter what they throw at me , no matter how painful they try to make it , no matter how much suffering they want to put me and my family through and my team through ... we are going to step forward day after day , and we are going to continue in our mission to fight for the people of Missouri , '' Greitens said then .
On Tuesday , Greitens remained defiant even while resigning .
`` I am not perfect . But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment , '' they said . `` I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history . ''
Greitens , a married father of two young sons , is a Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics who traveled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy . After being wounded in Iraq , they founded a veterans ' charity and became a best-selling author and motivational speaker .
They campaigned as a political outsider in 2016 , winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor 's mansion for the first time in eight years .
Greitens had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature as they pushed their agenda , once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as `` career politicians . ''
Their support in the Capitol began to unravel after the night of Jan. 10 , when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman 's ex-husband . In that , the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound their hands , blindfolded them and took a compromising photo while threatening that they would distribute it if they ever spoke of their encounter . Greitens denied threatening blackmail , but has n't directly answered questions about whether they took the photo .
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy related to the alleged photo . That prompted the Missouri House to form a special investigatory committee .
In April , the legislative panel released a report containing graphic testimony in which the woman said Greitens had restrained , slapped , shoved and belittled them during a series of sexual encounters that at times left them crying and afraid . Greitens denied any violence and said the allegations amounted to a `` political witch hunt . '' They vowed to stay in office .
But Greitens ' troubles deepened in the ensuing weeks when Republican Attorney General Josh Hawley - who is running for McCaskill 's seat - referred evidence to the St. Louis prosecutor leading to the felony charge alleging misuse of the charity donor list .
___
Salter reported from St. Louis . Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City , John Hanna in Topeka , Kansas , Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report .
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/DavidALieb .
___
Sign up for `` Politics in Focus , '' a weekly newsletter showcasing the AP 's best political reporting from around the country leading up to the midterm elections : https : //bit.ly/2ICEr3D .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
People gathered in downtown Owensboro to march against the deadly violence in Charlottesville , Virginia over the weekend .
The `` Love not Hate '' rally took place at Smother 's Park .
People will start marching at Smother 's Park and go to City Hall and back again . This rally is just one of the rallies across the nation in support of Charlottesville since Saturday .
20-year-old James Fields Jr. is accused of driving their car into a crowd of people who were protesting a `` Unite the Right '' rally on Saturday , killing one person and wounding 19 others .
Hundreds of `` Love not Hate '' rallies happened Sunday from coast to coast . The organizer for Monday 's rally says , Daviess County will stand in solidarity against any kind of hate .
`` Daviess County will make a pledge with me that we will not refer to the alt right , as the alt right , '' Mae Hagan , Jewish Secretary of National Young Democrats , explained . `` We will refer to them as Nazis . Because that is what they are . I am expecting a huge crowd . I think people are deeply disturbed by this , because , it is should n't have happened . This people are insane . I never want this to happen in our town . ''
Hagan says Monday , the group will be calling for county officials to remove the Confederate monuments in front of city hall .
Copyright 2017 WFIE . All rights reserved .
Payroll Services Newsletter is now available with new newsletters coming every two months . Newsletters can be found on our Payroll Services Website ( www.payroll.ttu.edu ) ) and under your employee tab . Find current news and tips from Payroll Services .
Posted :
1/2/2017
Originator :
Phyllis Taylor
Email :
phyllis.taylor @ ttu.edu
Department :
Payroll and Tax Services
Categories
Departmental
Faculty/Staff Organization
Navy warns against fake online recruitment exercise
Nigerian Navy has issued a warning to members of the public on the activities of fraudsters who are currently operating fake online recruitment sites . The Director of Information , Naval headquarters , Abuja , Captain Suleiman Dahun , said in a statement yesterday that “ For the avoidance of doubt , the portal for registration of candidates for the 2017 Nigerian [ … ]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot : Nigerian Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
A House of Representatives committee began an investigation Monday , when it hosted two of the state 's top executive officials to testify about financial scandal within the Oklahoma State Department of Health .
Police are appealing for information following a burglary in Great Livermere over the weekend .
A home in Mere View was broken into between 2pm on Friday and 10.26am on Sunday .
Burglars got into the property by kicking in a panel of a UPVC door . They stole items including jewellery .
If you have any information about the incident contact Suffolk Police on 101 .
Hussain wins APC ticket for Osun West bye-election
Mudashiru Hussain on Wednesday emerged the Progressives Congress ( APC ) candidate for the July 8 bye-election in Osun West senatorial district .
They won the primary election held at the De Distinguished Event Centre , Egbedore local government area of the state .
The Speaker of the Zamfara State House of Assembly , Sanusi Rikiji , who led the screening committee , declared Hussein winner of the election after polling 2 , 412 out of 2,413 total valid votes .
2 , 560 delegates participated in the poll .
Hussain had twice survived disqualification from the APC Screening Committee and the Appeal Committee but was cleared for the election by the party 's National Working Committee ( NWC ) who intervened in the dispute .
They were given the party 's ticket as sole aspirant following the defection of late Senator Isiaka Adeleke 's younger brother , Ademola , to the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) on Tuesday .
Adeleke also secured the PDP ticket on Wednesday .
The post Hussain wins APC ticket for Osun West bye-election appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The BGT judges are going to have far more power this year
There 's going to be a big change in how the voting works on Britain 's Got Talent this year .
Advertisement
In the live semi-finals for previous series , viewers have voted for their favourite acts and the two performers with the most votes have then gone through to the live grand final .
But this year , the decision as to who will make it to the final wo n't just be resting with viewers .
The act who receives the most viewer votes will still automatically be going through to the live final .
However , when the acts who placed second and third with viewers are revealed , it will then be down to judges Simon Cowell , Amanda Holden , Alesha Dixon and David Walliams to pick which of these performers they want in the BGT final .
Golden Buzzer act Lifford Shillingford , comedian Lost Voice Guy and choir The D-Day Darlings are amongst the first acts who will be vying for votes on BGT 's first live-semi-final on Monday 28th May .
Advertisement
Britain 's Got Talent 's live semi-finals air Monday to Friday on ITV , with the live final on Sunday 3rd June
BOARDMAN , Ohio ( WYTV ) – It seems that just after most of the major roads in Mahoning County were temporarily treated , the snow is coming back again .
Mahoning County Engineer Pat Ginnetti is frustrated by the chance that those potholes could come back and new ones could form .
They said the salt trucks and crews will be ready to go , but the aftermath is going to be the tough part .
As for most of those potholes that are temporarily filled ? Expect a lot of them to reopen .
“ The freeze-frost cycle is going to open the roads back up , ” Ginnetti said . “ A lot of the roads that we patched are going to need patched again because it 's going to blow material out , whether from the freezing-thawing or the plows running it over . ”
They also said the asphalt plants are not making hot mix right now . That 's a more permanent pothole fix .
Ginnetti said fixing potholes is a slow and time-consuming process for the crews as well .
( Francisco Kjolseth /The Salt Lake Tribune via AP , File ) . FILE - This May 8 , 2017 file photo , shows an aerial view of Arch Canyon within Bears Ears National Monument revealing the vast landscape of the 1.35 million acres in southeastern Utah protected ...
( AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty , File ) . FILE - In this Aug. 4 , 2015 , file photo , the Wassataquoik Stream flows through Township 3 , Range 8 , Maine , on land owned by environmentalist Roxanne Quimby , the co-founder of Burt 's Bees personal care products company ...
By PATRICK WHITTLEAssociated Press
STACYVILLE , Maine ( AP ) - U.S . Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke praised the beauty of the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument on Wednesday and said he 's `` comfortable '' with the National Park Service property remaining in public hands .
With flies buzzing and Mount Katahdin as a backdrop , Zinke sounded optimistic about the future of special land designation granted by then-President Barack Obama last summer with a goal of giving an economic jolt to the region .
`` I 'm confident there 's a path forward here that will work , '' Zinke said , adding that `` clearly , it 's beautiful . ''
President Donald Trump has ordered the review of more than two dozen national monuments , including the one in Maine , created on 87,500 acres ( 35,410 hectares ) of privately donated land adjacent to Baxter State Park , home of Mount Katahdin , the state 's highest peak .
Zinke , a former Republican member of congress from Montana , visited the Maine property just days after recommending that the Bears Ears National Monument in Utah be downsized after paying a visit to the site last month .
But Zinke said their call to reduce the size of Bears Ears does n't apply to the Maine land because it 's so much smaller to begin with .
`` Scaling back , I do n't think makes a lot of sense here , '' they told reporters . But they said they want to ensure activities such as hunting , fishing and timber harvesting are preserved in the area . They also said they wanted to make sure that local residents had a `` proper voice '' in the decisions .
Zinke 's drive into the federal land passed a handful of signs saying `` National Park No . '' They surveyed the land and did some hiking . In the afternoon , they wrapped up their tour by canoeing on the Penobscot River 's East Branch .
They began their `` learning trip '' after meeting the night before with Republican Gov . Paul LePage , who 's opposed to the designation by Obama .
LePage has been a vocal critic of the monument and testified against its creation before Congress last month . LePage contends federal ownership of the land would stymie economic development and they also pointed to a National Park Service maintenance backlog . LePage even criticized the beauty of the land and described the region as a `` mosquito area . ''
But supporters say the special land designation could provide an economic boost by drawing visitors to a region that 's struggling after the closing of a pair of paper mills .
Lucas St. Clair , whose family donated the land and created an endowment to support it , said the governor 's criticism and refusal to allow road signs directing motorists to the site is backfiring by driving attention to it .
They said some folks have begun wearing `` Exit 264 '' signs to inform people of how to get to the monument , since there 's no sign on Interstate 95 , they said .
Democratic Attorney General Janet Mills said this week that they would challenge attempts by Trump 's administration to abolish it .
Mills said Zinke 's Interior Department should instead `` terminate its review of the Katahdin Woods and Waters designation and reaffirm the agency 's commitment to making the monument work well for all people , particularly the residents of the Katahdin region who are now counting on it for their economic future . ''
Zinke was unmoved by Mills ' promise to sue and said it wo n't affect their decisions . They said LePage is `` rightly concerned about jobs '' and that they do n't consider the governor and themselves that far apart on the monument 's future .
Trump has made the review of federal monuments a priority early in their first year in office . They have accused previous administrations of using the federal Antiquities Act to facilitate a `` massive federal land grab '' by creating monuments .
During the visit , Zinke noted that he 's been to Maine before . The former Navy SEAL attended the Navy 's survival school in western Maine .
___
This story has been corrected to show that Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke visited the Bears Ears National Monument in May , not on Monday . It also has been corrected to show that the spelling of the dateline is Stacyville , Maine , not Staceyville , Maine .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Avengers : Infinity War is currently breaking all sorts of records , with fans flocking to see the superhero mash-up in their droves .
Advertisement
But because the internet has killed all our attention spans , interest is already turning to what 's next from Marvel , be that spin-off films like Ant-Man and the Wasp and Captain Marvel ( out this summer and next February respectively ) or , more pertinently , Infinity War 's direct follow-up Avengers 4 , which will be released next May and is sure to resolve Infinity War 's shocking final moments .
So in that spirit , we 're going to take a spoiler-filled look at what happens at the end of Infinity War and get on with some good old-fashioned speculating about what 's coming in the mysteriously untitled Avengers film next year .
Obviously , spoilers are to follow so back out if you 've not seen the film – though to be honest , if you read this article 's title and thought “ well , this seems like a safe , plot detail-free space for me to enjoy ” then you need to take a good , long look at your ability to glean meaning from collections of words on a page .
THAT ending
First up , let 's talk about those final scenes . Avengers : Infinity War concludes with Thanos ( Josh Brolin ) collecting all six Infinity stones , defeating the combined teams of Avengers and finally carrying out their grand plan – erasing half of the universe 's population with the snap of their fingers , and thus “ solving ” the issue of overpopulation
Sure , they probably could have just redistributed the galaxy 's wealth or just MADE MORE FOOD with their godlike powers , but the mass death thing is what they went with , and the heroes we see dusted are ( deep breath ) …
Bucky Falcon Black Panther Spider-Man Star-Lord Mantis Drax Groot Doctor Strange Scarlet Witch Nick Fury Maria Hill
Meanwhile , the heroes killed BEFORE the finger snap were
Vision Gamora Heimdall Loki – if they count as a hero ?
And those left largely unscathed at the end of the film are :
Iron Man Captain America Bruce Banner Thor Black Widow Rocket Nebula War Machine Okoye M'Baku
And we 're currently unclear about characters like Ant-Man and Hawkeye , who were n't in the film , or Shuri and Wong who we did n't see disintegrate onscreen . Apparently , Tessa Thompson 's Valkyrie from Thor : Ragnarok survived though ! So that 's something .
So who 's really dead ?
Let 's get one question out of the way – will these characters stay dead ? Well , we 're going to go with a hard NO on this one . Characters like Spider-Man and Black Panther already have sequels to their solo films coming out ( as do the Guardians of the Galaxy ) , and even if they did n't it 's not like Marvel would cheerily murder half its IP just to make a neat cliffhanger .
With that said , it seems likely that the characters who were killed pre-dusting – Vision , Loki , Gamora – WILL stay dead , because they were n't part of Thanos ' Infinity Gauntlet snap so may not be as easily brought back . Also , it might seem a bit cheap if literally everyone came back to life . SOMEONE has to die to justify the story 's massive stakes , right ?
So that 's almost definitely Vision and Loki , and probably Gamora too – though we 'd be surprised if they do n't get some sort of mystical goodbye scene at least , considering their death was somewhat Infinity stone-related and we already saw a projection of their younger self talk to Thanos .
For now , as we 've written elsewhere the mass culling of the film 's cast does do Marvel a bit of a favour , clearing the deck for the unnamed sequel next year that focuses on the core Avengers – who all coincidentally survived – while having a plausible and dramatically satisfying explanation for why all the other heroes ca n't be there . Very nice .
What about the other survivors ?
Though of course , a few other characters apart from the core Avengers also survive . Pretty much everyone from the “ spin-off ” franchises goes , but we keep Rocket Raccoon from the Guardians as well as Nebula , which suggests to me that the Avengers might enlist the pair to help them travel into space and take down Thanos . Who better to track them down than their daughter and the best furry pilot in the galaxy ?
We also have War Machine ( Don Cheadle ) still among the solid , and we presume he 'll be joined by Hawkeye ( Jeremy Renner ) and Ant-Man ( Paul Rudd ) . Both these latter characters were absent from Infinity War while under house arrest , but directors the Russo brothers suggested to us that they might be back in the sequel and given the mass exodus at the end of the latest film there 's certainly room for them now .
And like Rocket and Nebula , these characters ' inclusion could tell us something about what we can expect from Avengers 4 . For example , Hawkeye coming back nicely rounds out the original Avengers line-up , drawing a line under the last decade of superhero filmmaking and providing a fitting end for this era of the MCU .
Ant-Man , meanwhile , could fill a more plot-specific purpose . We already knew ( and the latest trailer confirmed ) that the Quantum realm would play a big part in Ant-Man and the Wasp after being set up in the original film , where it was the presumed resting place of the original Wasp ( after they shrunk too small and went between molecules ) and a final challenge for Ant-Man that they managed to return from .
Given that the film has now cast Michelle Pfeiffer as the OG Wasp and scenes in the trailer show both Dr Pym ( Michael Douglas ) and Ant-Man back in the Quantum realm , it seems likely we 'll be seeing them get them back – so could this access to a new dimension help the Avengers battle Thanos ?
It might sound a bit weird , but we DO know that since last year rumours have abounded that Avengers 4 will involve time travel in some capacity , with directors Joe and Anthony Russo even hinting obliquely that fans might be on the right track with that speculation . It could be that access to the Quantum realm facilitates this in some way , or it could be something incidental to Ant-Man entirely , but we 're still very intrigued to see how it plays out . If nothing else , Ant-Man is sure to have some cool Avengers-related post-credits scenes .
And Captain Marvel ?
Among Avengers 4 's heroes will also be Brie Larson 's Captain Marvel , whose first solo movie hits cinemas next February . The film 's set in the 1990s so wo n't mess with Infinity War 's cliffhanger , but it 's bound to lead into Avengers 4 given that we saw Captain Marvel being summoned in the Infinity War post-credits scene .
It 's hard to guess much more considering we have n't even seen a trailer for Captain Marvel , but it seems likely that it 'll at least have its own post-credits tease for Avengers 4 – or maybe even a scene of Larson 's Carol Danvers flying to the rescue in the present day…
What was Doctor Strange 's plan ?
Speaking of the “ snap ” survivors , it 's interesting to note exactly how Iron Man came to be among them – because it could have massive repercussions for Avengers 4 .
You see , while we do n't really know what will happen in Avengers 4 , we do know who does – Doctor Strange ! In Infinity War the sorcerer supreme swaps the Time Stone for Iron Man 's life , before making some cryptic comments about how this was “ the only way ” and that they were “ in the endgame now ” .
Earlier in the film , Strange had looked into the future and seen just one way for the heroes to triumph – so was keeping Tony Stark alive part of that ? Perhaps completing Thanos ' gauntlet would be the easiest way to defeat them and reverse their changes , and perhaps Strange saw that Iron Man needed to be alive to do that .
After all , the “ endgame ” in chess is when there are n't many pieces left on the board , just like at the end of Infinity War – so maybe Strange was trying to make the best of what they had , and keeping Tony for a significant role in a later battle .
With that in mind , do n't be surprised if Robert Downey Jr 's Tony Stark manages to find the solution to Thanos ' terrible actions next year – even if they do end up sacrificing themselves to do so . There 'd be something very circular about that .
What else will happen in Avengers 4 ?
These are all very rough impressions , but what seems certain is that by the end of the next film the Avengers will have reversed Thanos ' actions somehow , and brought back all the heroes for a scene where we 'll finally see every single character onscreen together and battling Thanos .
Actor Sebastian Stan ( who plays Bucky ) has hinted at such a scene himself , and it 'd be the logical conclusion to this culmination of Marvel 's massive cinematic universe .
“ There was one scene , I think , we had where everybody was there , ” Stan said at Ace comic-con earlier this year .
“ I ca n't really talk about that scene , but I knew it took them three months in planning this scene to have everyone there . ”
“ You look around and you just saw everyone from Samuel L. Jackson to Michael Douglas to Michelle Pfeiffer . Everybody was there . ”
So yeah , that 's happening .
More general predictions ? Some space-travel shenanigans , the return of the ( proper ) Hulk , a bigger role for Chris Evans ' Captain America ( and their reunion with Iron Man post-Civil War ) , an important story for Karen Gillan 's Nebula – they had a big part to play in the comics – and a scene where the original six Avengers take control of an Infinity stone each , finally ending Thanos ' threat once and for all .
No , that last one does n't make much sense , but it 'd be cool , right ? And the numbering seems like too much of a coincidence to mean nothing .
We 've gone into more detail elsewhere about what directions Marvel could go in post-Avengers 4 , but in the short term there are plenty more films already confirmed like the Spider-Man sequel , Black Panther 2 and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 3 .
Rumours abound that Avengers 4 will see the departure of longstanding heroes like Captain America and Iron Man – but there are plenty of new heroes like Captain Marvel and Black Panther coming through to lead the Avengers and keep that franchise going , alongside rumours that characters like the Eternals , Fantastic 4 and the X-Men could be coming into the fold .
In years to come we could see more deep-cut storylines from the comics , or we could just finally get that Black Widow movie we 've been waiting eight years for . We could see Marvel get more cosmic with Captain Marvel and the Guardians of the Galaxy sequel , or even more grounded with Black Panther 2 .
Whatever happens , we 'll be here to watch , theorise and enjoy the lot of them . Though for now , we 're just counting down the days til Avengers 4 .
This article was originally published on the 2nd May
Advertisement
Avengers : Infinity War is in UK cinemas now
If it ever feels like you 're wasting your life in traffic , that 's not far off . The average American driver spends 42 hours a year in jams ( about 9 percent of their total drive time ) , according to the traffic information company INRIX . In heavily congested cities like Los Angeles and New York City , that figure more than doubles .
Recently , Tesla CEO Elon Musk announced their new venture , the Boring Company , which aims to solve our ever-increasing traffic problems by creating a complex network of subterranean tunnels for cars . The project will no-doubt be a marvel of engineering , but experts suggest that simpler alternatives may be preferable solutions to our traffic woes .
Related : Elon Musk 's Answer to LA Traffic Looks Like a Lot of Fun
In Musk 's vision , vehicles enter a citywide tunnel system on single-car electric “ sleds ” that lower cars from street level down into the buried network and then take off , carrying their loads at speeds of up to 125 mph . The project will start in LA but may spread to other cities if it 's successful . By Musk 's estimation , these sleds — which can automatically weave between various tunnels depending on the destination , where they 're then lifted back to the surface — would take just five minutes to travel south from LA 's Westwood Village to LAX airport , a 10-mile trip that would normally take 30 to 60 minutes in traffic .
Current designs suggest a single mile of the tunnel could cost $ 1 billion . That tremendous price tag aside , the endeavor may not work as Musk hopes .
The tunnels are the equivalent of adding extra lanes to roadways and would have the same results , says Hesham Rakha , director of the Center for Sustainable Mobility at the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute . That is , adding supply to your network inevitably creates so-called induced demand , in which drivers change their behaviors to make use of the increased network capacity . They 'll take trips they would n't have otherwise taken , along routes they think are most favorable ( in this case the tunnels ) . And unless there are large terminals or staging areas at the tunnel 's entry and exit points , you 'd ultimately see a long line of cars awaiting their sleds and gridlock on streets where vehicles leave the underground network .
00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Elon Musk 's Latest Venture Aims to Put an End to Traffic 00:00:55
So , while the Boring Company may alleviate traffic slightly , it 's not a long-term solution , Rakha says . `` People always try to minimize their own travel time but do n't look at maximizing the utility of the entire system . ''
That 's not to say traffic congestion is an unsolvable issue . Rakha and other experts are proposing various alternatives — in particular , connected autonomous cars , efficient public transportation , and pricing methods like road tolls — that can help put an end to traffic . The challenge is figuring out what works best for a given city and how to implement these seemingly straightforward ideas .
Smart Cars for Dumb Drivers
Ending traffic requires understanding what causes it in the first place .
Between vehicle accidents and lane closures , there are numerous reasons why traffic may build up on roads . But sometimes you find yourself in stop-and-go traffic that has no apparent cause ; and then suddenly , after reaching an arbitrary point , the congestion eases up .
Nearly a decade ago , Gábor Orosz , a mechanical engineer at the University of Michigan , found that these spontaneous jams are the result of `` little ripples '' of slowdowns that are amplified as they propagate backward along a chain of vehicles . There are two main factors involved , they say : Drivers have a slow reaction time of about 0.5 to 1.5 seconds and they 're only reacting to the vehicle directly in front of them .
Related : Self-Driving Cars Will Turn Intersections Into High-Speed Ballet
In an ideal world , drivers would be nimble and attentive and be able to keep an eye on several cars ahead of them , allowing the driver to react to various scenarios with a light tap on their brakes . But instead , drivers often react late and must brake quickly to avoid accidents . This rapid deceleration forces the driver immediately behind them to slow down further , creating a cascading effect that creates a standstill several miles back .
`` When we have between approximately 20 to 40 cars per kilometer , we can get either a jam or get free-flow traffic , '' Orosz says . `` And if we have higher densities [ of cars ] , we almost always have jams because humans are not able to maintain uniform flow . '' The solution to this problem , Orosz suggests , is to remove human drivers from the equation .
Today , almost all car companies ( and tech giants like Google ) are working on self-driving car projects , Orosz says . These vehicles sense the world and other cars through a combination of cameras , radar , sonar , and lidar ( remote sensing with lasers ) . The cars can react more quickly to situations than human drivers , helping improve traffic conditions . But they 're still only reacting to vehicles in their immediate vicinity , Orosz says , adding that dedicated short-range communication ( DSRC ) technology fixes this limitation by allowing cars to `` see '' beyond their direct line of sight .
This illustration shows how a connected automated vehicle ( red ) receives information from multiple vehicles up ahead . Gabor Orosz
When equipped with DSRC radios , autonomous cars automatically broadcast their location , direction , and speed to one another over a specially allocated 5.9 GHz radio frequency band . When connected vehicles know what other DSRC-equipped vehicles are doing , they can travel in unison as highly efficient and dense vehicle `` platoons . '' The U.S. Department of Transportation is seeking to require all new cars to have vehicle-to-vehicle communication starting around 2020 ( only a handful of cars today have such technology built-in , none of which are autonomous ) .
Though DSRC is a relatively cheap technology , fully autonomous cars probably wo n't be , so eliminating jams with these cars alone may not be feasible . However , reducing traffic jams does n't require all cars on the road to be connected autonomous vehicles . `` Making a few percent of these to be connected autonomous vehicles can result in a huge improvement in traffic conditions , '' Orosz says .
Taking Cars Off the Road
Connected autonomous vehicles are , like the Boring Company , a technological solution . But traffic congestion is a geometric problem and `` technology never changes geometry , '' says public transit planning expert Jarrett Walker , author of `` Human Transit . ''
`` A city is a place where people are close together and there is n't enough space per person , '' Walker says . `` A car is an inefficient use of that space . ''
The solution : fewer cars on the road . But how do you go about removing them ?
To solve traffic congestion , you need to understand that road space is governed by supply and demand , Walker explains . Simply put , reduce the demand for road use and you 'll reduce traffic . Implementing road pricing , which can take various forms , is a great way to reduce demand for road use , Walker says . Tolls , for instance , are well-known tools to discourage people from driving on certain high-use roads , especially if the tolls are higher during peak hours .
A sign reminds drivers of the congestion charge in London . Reuters
But there are many ways to discourage driving . In cities like London , congested downtown areas could have fees for driving and for using select public parking spaces . Employees could be given cash incentives to give up their parking spots , encouraging them to take public transit or to carpool rather than drive to work alone . Fuel taxes could be increased , and drivers could be taxed based on the number of miles they drive in a year .
Some cities , including Paris and Beijing , have taken an extreme approach that bans cars with even- or odd-numbered license plates from driving in city limits during specific days or times .
`` Road pricing is a free-market approach that 's not particularly ideological , '' Walker says . `` This is one of those issues where practically every transportation professional knows this is the answer , and the only reason we keep looking elsewhere is that , politically , we do n't like it . ''
A Holistic Approach
Virginia Tech 's Rakha agrees that reducing demand is a key component to solving traffic , but they say that increasing supply is also important .
`` You have to look at the system as a whole , '' they say , adding that focusing on one side of the equation will lead to a never-ending cycle of network adjustments and driver responses . `` It 's a chess game : When I make a move , my opponent will make a counter-move . You have to take that into account when you are doing some adjustment to your network , and think about the counter-move that drivers will make . ''
People always try to minimize their own travel time but do n't look at maximizing the utility of the entire system .
Connected autonomous vehicles could be one tool used to increase supply , Rahka says . And for people who refrain from driving because of road pricing , efficient and reliable public transportation , such as trains , subways , and buses , is vital to making the system work . Walker does n't advocate a specific public transportation technology but says the mode should be `` protected '' from traffic congestion — buses that drive on the same roads as cars are not ideal because they 're still contributing to road use .
The best public transportation technology also depends on the layout of the city . European cities are often condensed and centrally focused , so subways that can take many passengers from their homes to downtown areas work well .
In many U.S. cities , however , people in the suburbs do n't always live near transportation hubs . One solution for this problem is the `` last mile , '' or programs that bring people between their homes and transportation hubs , such as bicycle-sharing programs and ride-sharing vans .
Related : Driving on the Roads of the Future Will Be a Real Trip
Overall , there are numerous tools that can help reduce traffic by reducing demand or increasing supply , but ending traffic congestion altogether is not so straight-forward . Whether city officials add tunnels underground , increase the number of smart cars on the road , or discourage people from driving , they need to model the system and simulate how different strategies will potentially affect traffic congestion .
`` Rather than trying to fix one bottleneck after another , you need to first evaluate different alternatives and try to capture how travelers are going to react before you implement them in the field , '' Rakha says . `` Of course , any model has its flaws and there will be approximations and assumptions , but that 's at least better than just building blindly . ''
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Catholic cardinals apparently deserve a break today — and now they can get one at a controversial McDonald 's that has opened a football field 's length away from the Vatican .
The McDonald 's opened Friday in a Vatican-owned building in the Pio Borgo district of Rome , about 100 yards from the Vatican State , the Catholic Press Agency reported Sunday . NPR 's Rome correspondent , Sylvia Poggioli , tweeted a picture of the restaurant Saturday .
McDonald 's around corner from St Peter 's sq , open for business in Vatican-owned building , despite resident protests pic.twitter.com/MW6JYVNNrJ — Sylvia Poggioli ( @ spoggioli1 ) December 31 , 2016
The opening was low-key , reflecting widespread opposition that broke out when plans for the restaurant — quickly dubbed `` McVatican '' — were made public in October . McDonald 's made no announcement , and the opening was n't noted in the official Vatican newspaper , L'Osservatore Romano .
Only a new golden arches icon pinned to McDonald 's Italia 's online map betrays its existence . ( The McVatican is open from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m. seven days a week , the listing notes helpfully . Wi-Fi is available . )
The national newspaper La Repubblica reported that McDonald 's will pay the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See — basically , the Vatican 's property supervisor — more than $ 30,000 a month for the bottom floor of the building .
But Cardinal Elio Sgreccia , president emeritus of the Pontifical Academy for Life , told the newspaper at the time that the decision to rent the fast food chain almost 5,800 square feet of restaurant space was `` aberrant '' and `` a perversion . ''
The Nativity scene , background left , and a Christmas tree adorn St. Peter 's Square before Christmas Eve mass Dec. 24 at St. Peter 's Square in Vatican City . Alessandra Tarantino / AP
Two other McDonald 's are also within a stone 's throw of the Vatican — one only a few hundred yards from the Vatican Museum and another about 200 yards away at Viale Giulio Cesare . ( And there 's a Burger King roughly halfway between them . )
What makes the McVatican so controversial , however , is that it 's on actual Vatican property . Not only that , but it occupies the bottom floor of a building that is also home to several senior cardinals — among them Gerhard Ludwig Müller , prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , the Vatican office responsible for overseeing church orthodoxy .
Sgreccia told La Repubblica that no price is high enough to justify the `` disgrace '' of selling `` unhealthy '' food `` that I would never eat '' in such a place .
`` I repeat , selling mega-sandwiches in Borgo Pio is a disgrace , '' they said . The rent money could better be used to help `` the area 's needy ... and suffering , as the Holy Father teaches , '' they said .
A transgender Honduran woman , who was part of the caravan of Central American migrants that arrived at the U.S. border earlier this month , died in detention on Friday .
Roxana Hernandez , 33 , died in the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) at a hospital in Albuquerque , New Mexico , from what appeared to be cardiac arrest . Hernandez was first admitted to a hospital more than a week ago “ with symptoms of pneumonia , dehydration , and complications associated with HIV , ” according to a statement from ICE .
Roxsana Hernandez , right , a transgender woman who was part of the caravan of Central American migrants , died in ICE custody at a hospital in Albuquerque , New Mexico on May 25 , 2018 . Annie Rose Ramos
Immigration officials identified the woman as Jeffry Hernandez , but LGBTQ rights advocates and caravan organizers said their name was Roxana .
An ICE spokesperson confirmed Tuesday that Hernandez was part of the caravan .
Hernandez surrendered at San Ysidro Port of Entry between San Diego and Tijuana and asked for asylum on May 9 , according to Pueblo Sin Fronteras , the immigration-rights group that organized the caravan . The organization said they were held for five days by U.S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) in a holding cell that is part of a facility many refer to as the “ iceboxes ” due to its temperature .
On May 13 , Hernandez was transferred into ICE custody in San Diego . Three days later , they were taken to a transgender unit at the Cibola County Corrections Center , a privately owned prison facility for men in New Mexico that contracts with ICE .
The following day , May 17 , Hernandez was admitted to a nearby hospital , according to a statement from ICE , and later transferred to Albuquerque 's Lovelace Medical Center where they remained in an intensive care until they died on May 25 .
“ Roxana traveled over 2,000 miles through Mexican territory on foot , by train , by bus , because their last aspiration and hope was to save their own life , ” read a statement released Tuesday night on behalf of Pueblo Sin Fronteras and fellow immigration-rights groups Al Otro Lado and Diversidad Sin Fronteras .
“ Roxy died due to medical negligence by U.S. immigration authorities , ” the statement continued .
A 2015 report from the American Immigration Council describes the “ icebox ” holding cells as “ inadequate for any overnight detention , ” and official CBP policy states detention in these holding cells should last no longer than 72 hours . Hernandez was allegedly held for five days in the facility , which the report also describes as “ routinely lacking in adequate food , water , and medical care . ”
In a statement announcing Hernandez 's death , U.S. immigration officials said “ all ICE detainees receive medical , dental and mental health intake screening within 12 hours of arriving at each detention facility , ” along with “ access to daily sick call and 24-hour emergency care . ”
Hernandez was one of roughly 60 transgender women participating in the migrant caravan . The trans migrants all said they were forced to flee their home countries because of the discrimination and violence they faced for being transgender .
Most people would do anything to lower their taxes , even if it means pushing their creativity to the limit . Ask any seasoned accountant , and you 'll hear stories of folks who tried to claim the most insane deductions imaginable — like the man who tried to write off the cost of hiring an arsonist to burn down their failing business , but got denied by the IRS , and rightfully so .
Continue Reading Below
In fact , over the years , countless filers have attempted to push the limits of the tax code , and most have been glaringly unsuccessful . But apparently , in extremely rare cases , you can claim what can only be described as an outrageous deduction and actually get away with it . Here are a few of the wackiest tax deductions in history that , incredibly , managed to stick .
IMAGE SOURCE : GETTY IMAGES .
1 . The cat food deduction
Normally , you ca n't deduct the cost of caring for a pet , nor can you claim one as a dependent . But in a 2011 case , a tax court ruled in favor of a California woman who wrote off more than $ 12,000 in expenses to care for the 70 — yes , 70 — cats they were fostering . Because they were working with a registered charitable organization , and you 're allowed to deduct expenses that solely relate to foster animals , the court upheld 90 % of their deduction for cat food and supplies . ( Since they had seven cats of their own , they lost out on a portion of their original deduction ) . The woman was also allowed to deduct 50 % of their cleaning and utility expenses , claiming that the foster cats were responsible for a portion of those costs .
2 . The breast enhancement deduction
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
In the early 1990s , an exotic dancer managed to successfully write off the cost of their breast augmentation surgery , claiming it was a necessary component of doing their job . The reason they got away with the deduction was that the court agreed that their breasts could be considered a uniform of sorts , which would normally be deductible under the tax code .
Here 's the best part though — for a work uniform to be tax-deductible , it must meet two criteria . First , it must be required as a condition of employment , and secondly , it must be attire that is n't suitable for everyday use . Because the dancer 's breasts were enlarged to the point where they weighed 10 pounds apiece ( yikes ! ) , they claimed that if given the choice , they would n't have “ worn ” them outside of work . It was this distinction that apparently persuaded a judge to allow the write-off .
3 . The drug lab casualty loss deduction
It 's not very often that you see folks get rewarded for illegal activity . But when a chemistry-savvy entrepreneur purchased a building , turned it into a drug lab , and lost that property in a fire after a hot plate ignited their explosive chemicals , they claimed a $ 9,000 casualty loss on their tax return — and won .
Some less risky options…
Entertaining as these stories might be , none of us should be fooled into thinking that these offbeat deductions are by any means the norm . More often than not , the IRS will deny deductions that are n't completely by the books , so if you 're thinking of fostering a large family of guinea pigs to score a quick tax write-off , try again .
That said , there are plenty of legitimate deductions you can take to lower your taxes . If you 're a homeowner , for instance , you can deduct the interest you pay on your mortgage , points on your mortgage , property taxes , and PMI premiums ( as long as your income is n't too high ) . If you 're self-employed , you can deduct business expenses such as supplies , travel to client meetings , and a home office , if you meet the right criteria .
If you spend a lot on medical care , you might qualify for a medical expense deduction , which includes not just prescription drugs and in-office copays , but travel to and from appointments . You can also deduct donations to charitable organizations , even if they 're of the non-cash variety .
Some other legitimate items you may be eligible to deduct include :
Job search costs
Moving expenses
Tax preparation fees
Unreimbursed business expenses ( even if you 're a salaried employee )
Student loan interest
College tuition and fees
It pays to read up on the various deductions out there , because they could shave some serious money off your tax bill — and you wo n't have to concoct a crazy story in order to claim them .
The $ 16,122 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you 're like most Americans , you 're a few years ( or more ) behind on your retirement savings . But a handful of little-known “ Social Security secrets ” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income . For example : one easy trick could pay you as much as $ 16,122 more… each year ! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits , we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we 're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies .
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
Overview
We talk a lot about DevOps today and it represents a major strategy and focus for our developer platforms with Visual Studio Team Services ( VSTS ) and Team Foundation Server ( TFS ) . There are plenty of examples out there covering various aspects of application deployments in a DevOps world : deploying apps , database migrations , and coded infrastructure . However , one area that seems to escape coverage is– documentation .
If we are deploying apps on a “ cloud cadence ” then we can expect new features to be rolling out to users every few weeks . When a user sees a new button , a new option , or a new color code in an app , they are going to want to know what it does . This means we need a rapid cadence to build and deploy new documentation so that when any new feature rolls out to the user , they can go and quickly find supporting information for it .
This idea is not earthshattering or new . Dynamic documentation generation has been around for ages , for example , the old Sandcastle project . While great for generating API level documentation for developers to look at , it is not necessarily the most user friendly result when done .
Read the entire article here , Documentation in a DevOps World – Premier Developer
via the fine folks at Microsoft
Show Loyalty To Country , Gov . Dickson Charges Corps Members
The Bayelsa State governor , Hon Seriake Dickson has declared open the commencement of the 2018 Batch A service year at the NYSC Orientation Camp , Kaiama in Kolokuma/Opokuma local government area of the State with a call on the Corps members to shun rising cases of ethnic and political cleaveages and show absolute loyalty to [ … ]
The post Show Loyalty To Country , Gov . Dickson Charges Corps Members appeared first on Leadership Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Spring is in the air ! You 've successfully shed your clunky winter boots and bulky down jacket and you instantly feel lighter and brighter . But how 's your house holding up ? Chance are , even Marie Kondo would quiver if they saw how much junk and gunk you 've let build up since last year . It 's time to cut through the clutter and do some deep cleaning .
Not a cleaning fan ? We hear you . While you ca n't banish the dust bunnies with a Jedi mind trick , you can make the process a whole lot easier with this two-step spring cleaning guide . First , you 've got to get your head in the game by doing a little pre-cleaning prep , and then get straight on what to buy ( and not ) , where to start first and how to get organized to spring clean in record time . Ready , set go !
Step 1 : Get Mentally Prepared to Clean
Visualize your ideal setup . Before dumping everything in your closet into a big pile on the floor , take a minute to visualize how you 'd like your living space to look , says Clare Kumar , a professional organizer and productivity consultant in Toronto . `` Getting clear on what that is a really important place to start , '' they say . Once you know how you want to set up your space , you 'll more easily be able to decide what you need in terms of storage and tools , says Kumar .
Before dumping everything in your closet into a big pile on the floor , take a minute to visualize how you 'd like your living space to look , says Clare Kumar , a professional organizer and productivity consultant in Toronto . `` Getting clear on what that is a really important place to start , '' they say . Once you know how you want to set up your space , you 'll more easily be able to decide what you need in terms of storage and tools , says Kumar . Ban `` clutter '' from your vocabulary . Words like decluttering and purging have a negative connotation , which can devalue your stuff , says Kumar . `` I 'd rather think of editing or curating to get really excited about what you 're going to keep and feel comfortable with getting rid of what 's not going to serve you . '' We call this step `` Marie Kondo lite . ''
Words like decluttering and purging have a negative connotation , which can devalue your stuff , says Kumar . `` I 'd rather think of editing or curating to get really excited about what you 're going to keep and feel comfortable with getting rid of what 's not going to serve you . '' We call this step `` Marie Kondo lite . '' Believe in yourself ( yes , seriously ) . `` Staying organized boils down to learning new habits , '' says Soreff . `` The most challenging part for post people is when the old habit has been killed but the new habit is not locked in place . '' Let 's say you 've decided to file all of your papers away in a cabinet but then you start to get anxious that you 'll never be able to find anything . `` Trust the new habit of being able to find it , '' says Soreff .
Step 2 : How to Deep Clean Your Home
Divide projects into small 15-minute blocks so you 're less likely to stop and never restart .
Get the Mach newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
Commercial airliners have n't broken the sound barrier since the Concorde was retired in 2003 . But now some aerospace firms hope to usher in a new era of supersonic air travel . Boom Supersonic , for one , plans to build 1,451-mile-per-hour planes that would be able to make the trip from New York to London in 3 hours and 15 minutes starting in 2023 .
Other firms are n't content with supersonic flight . They 're designing so-called hypersonic aircraft capable of flying five times the speed of sound , or around 3,800 miles per hour . These ultra-fast planes would likely first be used by the military for strike and reconnaissance missions . But experts say hypersonic technology could make its way into commercial jets . It would then be possible to fly anywhere on Earth in under three hours .
“ It 's certainly within the realm of possibility , ” says Dr. Kevin Bowcutt , senior technical fellow and chief scientist of hypersonics for Boeing Research & Technology . “ I think we have the technology now where we could actually do it . ”
Building a faster jet
It 's no easy task to create a plane that can slice through the air at hypersonic speed .
A few aircraft have flown that fast , including Boeing 's experimental X-51A WaveRider . But all hypersonic planes built so far have been powered by rocket engines or used rocket boosters . Rockets are powerful but heavy because they have to carry the oxygen needed to burn fuel with them . “ Rocket motors are great for going to space and powering missiles , but they 're less than ideal for carrying people , ” Bowcutt says .
That 's why Boeing and Lockheed Martin are working to develop jet-powered hypersonic aircraft . So far , information about these incredibly fast aircraft is sparse ; Lockheed Martin declined to provide details on their plane .
Boeing unveiled a new design earlier this month at a conference in Orlando , Florida . At low speeds for takeoff and landing , the sleek plane would be powered by a turbine engine , much like a regular commercial plane . But for the main portion of flights , it would switch over to an engine called a dual-mode ramjet that can only operate at speeds above Mach 3 .
A regular turbine uses whirling fan blades to suck air into the engine and other blades to compress the air so more oxygen can come in contact with the fuel . But this equipment would melt if used at hypersonic speeds . The ramjet instead uses the shockwaves created by traveling at such high speeds to squeeze incoming air .
Flying at such high speeds creates an incredible amount of friction , so a hypersonic aircraft would have to be made out of heat-resistant materials such as a nickel alloy , Bowcutt says .
A hypersonic aircraft using this technology could be available within 10 to 20 years . What would it feel like to fly on one ? You 'd be pushed back into your seat as the plane accelerates to take off , just as with a regular passenger jet . “ The only difference with a hypersonic plane is that the feeling of takeoff would persist for a few minutes until you got up to speed and altitude , ” Bowcutt says . “ Then it would feel no different than any other airplane . ”
You 'd be traveling at 90,000 to 100,000 feet . That 's much higher than today 's airliners , which typically fly at altitudes around 35,000 feet , and high enough to see Earth 's curvature below and the blackness of space above . To strengthen the fuselage , the plane might substitute virtual windows for real ones . Cameras mounted on the plane 's exterior would feed video to the virtual windows , recreating what you 'd see if you actually looked out of the plane .
A speedy future
Both supersonic and hypersonic flight face many hurdles before they can be used for commercial air travel . One hurdle will be dealing with the environmental impacts of emissions at such high altitudes . Another will be finding enough of a market for this ultra-fast form of travel ; to support its supersonic speed , the Concorde demanded four times as much fuel per passenger as other jets , which drove up ticket prices .
When it comes to hypersonic passenger travel , `` It 's hard for me to see , at least in the next 15-20 years , that it 's going to be so cost competitive that it 's going to compel the airlines to take a stab at it , '' John Plueger , president and CEO of Air Lease Corporation , a company that leases aircraft around the world , told CNBC .
And then there 's the sonic boom that is created by aircraft traveling faster than the speed of sound . Sonic booms can startle humans and wildlife on the ground ; to avoid that , the Federal Aviation Administration has forbidden supersonic flights over land . The Concorde used to go supersonic only over the ocean , limiting the routes it could fly .
But engineers are hard at work on ways to quiet the sonic boom . NASA is hoping to create a supersonic plane that can fly quietly enough to convince the FAA to lift its ban , opening the door for airlines to offer supersonic commercial flights over land .
The agency selected Lockheed Martin to create the preliminary design for its QueSST ( Quiet Supersonic Technology ) aircraft . The plane 's shape would scatter the shockwaves produced at intense speeds so they could n't combine to form a loud sonic boom . Instead they will create a soft thump , like the sound of a neighbor closing their car door .
“ If you were at a barbeque and there 's people out there and you 're chatting and there 's potentially some music , you would never hear it , ” says Peter Iosifidis , the QueSST program manager at Lockheed Martin .
Hopefully , this will inspire the FAA to update its rules around 2025 , they say , allowing supersonic travel to become widespread within a few years .
Supersonic speed would cut many journey times in half . But hypersonic flight could make commercial air travel still faster and more convenient . International day trips around the world could eventually become routine . You could travel from New York to London in about an hour . Or you might wake up and eat lunch in Los Angeles and then spend two hours flying to Tokyo . “ You have a meeting , maybe grab a bite to eat , come home and you sleep in your bed , ” Bowcutt says .
( AP Photo/Steven Senne ) . Broken glass lies on the ground near police tape at the New England Holocaust Memorial , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Boston . Police say a person is in custody for allegedly vandalizing the memorial . It 's the second time the memori ...
( AP Photo/Steven Senne ) . A passerby , left , and a law enforcement official , right , stand near broken glass at the New England Holocaust Memorial on Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Boston . Police say a person is in custody for allegedly vandalizing the memoria ...
BOSTON ( AP ) - The New England Holocaust Memorial in Boston has been vandalized for the second time this summer .
A 17-year-old Malden boy is accused of smashing a glass panel on the memorial on Monday . Police say the boy was detained by two bystanders until police arrived . They say they will be charged with willful and malicious destruction of property .
In June , police say James Isaac used a rock to shatter a glass panel on one of the memorial 's six 54-foot-high ( 16-meter-high ) towers . Isaac has pleaded not guilty to vandalism charges .
The six glass towers are lit internally and etched with millions of numbers that represent tattoos on the arms of many Jews sent to Nazi death camps .
Democratic Mayor Marty Walsh says he 's `` saddened to see such a despicable action . ''
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Prop Eddy Ben Arous is among a trio forwards that return to the France squad for the RBS 6 Nations clash with Ireland at the Aviva Stadium on Saturday week .
Ben Arou , who plays with Racing 92 , withdrew from the initial squad through injury and was replaced by Xavier Chiocci , but they have now been passed fit to return to the squad .
Their clubmate Camille Chat and Clermont 's Paul Jedrasiak - the Clermont lock also return
A further eight players will join the squad after the weekend 's domestic action .
Meanwhile forwards coach Yannick Bru insists that France will have to cope with the pressure of travelling to Ireland if they are to achieve their objective of challenging at the top of the RBS 6 Nations this season .
Les Bleus held off Scotland in Paris on Sunday for a 22-16 win as they bounced back from an opening defeat in England .
Bru is aware of the challenge Joe Schmidt 's team will provide , but is adamant France have to win if they are to challenge for the title .
Speaking to the rbs6nations.com , Bru said : `` The RBS 6 Nations is very open . England finished really strongly again ( on Saturday ) but if the Welsh had won it would have been deserved .
`` We could have beaten England at Twickenham , Scotland beat Ireland . I think the level of European rugby at Test level is very high at the moment .
`` We will be under pressure in Ireland because we 're aiming for the top of the table and if we want to finish there we will have to win in Ireland .
`` It 's true that if we 'd managed to get the result of ( the Scotland ) match with the content of the previous games , that would be ideal but it 's not as easy as that .
`` It 's our job to analyse what worked and what did n't and then to look forward . ''
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - Over 60 percent of the Louisville Metro budget goes towards public safety . City leaders are giving a behind the scene 's look at one tool that is helping police take back our streets .
Louisville joins cities across the country trying to figure out ways to keep people safe . Often times police keep their efforts under wraps for security reasons . But , in light in all of the violent crime we are experiencing , they want to show the public one of the tools they 're using .
RELATED STORY
+ New tool to fight gun violence in Louisville already working
When it comes to safety , we often see police officers on the streets .
`` A lot of these efforts are visible , '' Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer said .
But , some things you may not notice .
`` We currently have over 200 cameras on the system , '' said Chief Steve Conrad of the Louisville metro Police Department .
Those cameras feed into the Louisville 's Real Time Crime Center ( RTCC ) .
`` Eleven analyst who are staffing this center 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , 365 days a year , '' Conrad said .
`` This is much more than people watching cameras , '' Fischer said . `` They provide real-time support to officers in the field . They provide tactical intelligence suspect identification , subjects of potential retaliation and a likely location
where suspects might flea . ''
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ 4 KY National Guard soldiers charged in sexual assault case
+ LMPD seeking help to find suspects accused of robbing elderly victims
+ Police : Unusual circumstances surround missing teen 's death
The equipment is state of the art .
`` The analysts working here behind me have the ability to pan , tilt , and zoom cameras to give them a better view of what is occurring , '' Conrad said .
In the two and half years RTCC has been in operation , Conrad said this analyst have provided information to officers over 11,000 times . Leading to hundreds of arrests in cases involving homicides , shootings , missing persons , stolen cars , firearms , and narcotics .
The analysts also monitor social media , posts that are public .
Most recently , the RTCC supports LMPDs new gunshot detection technology called ShotSpotter .
`` The analysts actively watching the ShotSpotter application to find gunfire incidents and locate those scenes on camera , '' LMPD Major Josh Judah said .
Conrad said they have a budget request this year in front of The Metro Council where they are asking for another supervisor and analyst . They hope to grow the RTCC over time .
To date , RTCC has helped with nearly 300 arrests and the recovery of 30 stolen vehicles .
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
Just like Chrome , Firefox has traditionally had four release channels - Nightly , Aurora , Beta , and Stable . There is also Firefox Developer Edition , only available on the desktop , which has been based on Aurora . Now , in an effort to consolidate resources and focus development , the Aurora release channel is being dropped .
According to a post on Mozilla 's Hacks blog , the Aurora channel will stop updating on April 18 , and over the course of the next several months will be removed from the release cycle altogether . Nightly will remain on Firefox 55 for two release cycles , and on June 13 , Firefox 55 will migrate directly from Nightly to Beta .
The primary reason for this change , according to Mozilla , is a lack of users on the Aurora channel . That does n't seem far fetched at all - the Android version went live on the Play Store last year , and it does n't even have any reviews there . Mozilla is also hoping to decrease development time on each Firefox update by 6-8 weeks by removing the extra channel .
The Aurora channel on the Play Store will be switched to Nightly at some point in the future . Nightly builds for Android have been available at Mozilla 's website for a while now .
Barbara Lawlor , Nederland . Since they were in preschool or kindergarten , this year 's graduating fifth graders have been looking forward to leaving the elementary school and moving on to middle school . Sometimes they are filled with anxiety , sometimes they ca n't wait for the move . It is a big milestone in their Nederland academic and social life .
Last Tuesday , December 6 , 2016 , the fifth graders were invited to attend a tour of the school and a baked potato dinner , loving to load up on the sour cream . They met teachers and walked through the halls , visiting the classrooms . It was a great icebreaker , a time to slip into the middle level shoes they will be wearing next year .
About 30 fifth grade students who played in the Nederland Elementary School band and orchestra had an even closer look at what they can expect in the fall . They took part in the NMSHS and NES Winter Orchestra Concert , directed by Christine Mallery .
Many of the musicians were just becoming acquainted with their instruments and many of them were just learning how to play with other musicians . They may have been inexperienced but they were invited to take a chair on the stage and perform for a large , live audience .
Excitement filled the air as the students tuned their instruments . Some of the children wore antlers or Santa hats . Some were all dressed up , some casual . The fifth graders began the concert with your basic “ Mary Had a Little Lamb , ” and you could see them relax as they played the familiar chords .
Then they had a bit of fun , playing “ Boil Them Cabbage Down , ” their uncertainty was booted out by the upbeat melody and when they took their bows , they were experts in “ How to Perform on a High School Stage . ”
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Pocket
LinkedIn
Email
Print
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Small businesses created fewer jobs during May , joining larger companies in a slowdown that may be due to a lack of qualified candidates .
Payroll company ADP said Wednesday it counted 38,000 new jobs at its customers with 49 or fewer employees . That 's down from an average of nearly 59,000 in the first four months of this year .
ADP 's tally of new jobs at companies of all sizes fell to 178,000 from a four-month average of nearly 229,000 .
Some companies have said in surveys they want to hire but struggle to find candidates with the right skills . A survey released Wednesday by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and MetLife showed that 32 percent of the 1,002 small business owners questioned between late March and late April expect to hire .
In a separate survey taken in early April by Wells Fargo and Gallup , 43 percent of the 603 owners questioned want to hire .
The following are results from the 2017 Highland County Junior Fair as submitted by the Highland County Extension Office :
VETERINARY SCIENCE
Vet 1-From A to Z – First place trophy , Makenzie Morgan , Concord Junior
Farmers .
Vet 3-On the Cutting Edge – First place trophy , Katie Kirk , Highland County Unlimited .
4-H Veterinary Science Overall – First place trophy , Katie Kirk , Vet 3-On the Cutting Edge , Highland County Unlimited ; second place rosette , Mackenzie Morgan , Vet 1-From A to Z , Concord Junior Farmers .
CREATIVE WRITING AND REPORTING
The Writer in You – First , Grace Matthew , Highland Harvesters .
OVERALL CREATIVE WRITING – Grace Matthew , Highland Harvesters .
LEADERSHIP
Club Leadership – First , Kurt Hamilton , Highland County Junior Leaders ; second , Larkyn Parry , Highland County Junior Leaders ; third , Lawton Parry , Highland County Junior Leaders .
Diversity : The Source of Our Strength – First , Sara Newsome , Fab Five .
My Hands to Larger Service – First , Brittney Howard , Highland County Unlimited .
Leadership Road Trip – First , Logan Cummings , Highland County Junior Leaders .
Pantry Panic ! – First , Breanna Fender , Barnyard Bunch .
Finding Your Voice – First , Brooklyn Baldwin , Highland Harvesters .
Leadership Master – First , Ryan Matthews , Highland County Junior Leaders .
4-H SPECIAL INTEREST OVERALL ( Vet , Self Determined , Leadership )
First , Sara Newsome , Diversity : The Source of Our Strength , Fab Five ; second , Samantha Fender , Self-Determined American Sign Language , Barnyard Bunch ; third , Ryan Matthews , Leadership Master , Highland County Junior Leaders ; fourth , Katie Kirk , Vet 3 : On the Cutting Edge , Highland County Unlimited ; fifth , Otis Cockerill , Self-Determined Soil Project , Fab Five ; honorable mention , Noel Brook , Self-Determined Painting , Highland County Unlimited ; honorable mention , Brooklyn Baldwin , Finding Your Voice , Highland Harvesters ; honorable mention , Bryn Karns , Self-Deterirmined Camp Counseling , Highland County Junior Leaders ; honorable mention , Kurt Hamilton , Club Leadership , Highland County Junior Leaders .
JUNIOR FAIR FLOWER ,
HOUSEPLANT EXHIBITS
Outstanding Floral Display ( Bouquets and/or Arrangements ) – First place trophy , Lauren Grover , bouquets , Marshall Junior Farmers ; second place rosette , Kyah Chaney , bouquets , Canine Commanders .
Outstanding Perennial – First place trophy , Jayah Chaney , three perennials , Girl Scout Troop 134 ; second place rosette , Jayah Chaney , Girl Scout Troop 134 .
Outstanding Annual – First place trophy , Lauren Grover , three annuals , Marshall Junior Farmers ; second place rosette , Lana Grover , five annuals , Marshall Junior Farmers .
Outstanding Houseplants – First place trophy , Addyston Knauff , arrangement , Girl Scout Troop 134 ; second place rosette , Addston Knauff , houseplants , Girl Scout Troop 134 .
Overall Flower and Plant Exhibit – First place trophy , Lauren Grover , bouquets , Marshall Junior Farmers ; second place rosette , Lauren Grover , three annuals , Marshall Junior Farmers .
ROPE
Not Just Knots – First , Saxen Wilkin , Fantastics .
4-H ENGINEERING
Starting Up – First , Kaylee Butler-Fife , Ag-N-Stuff .
Tractor Operations – First , Lane Cluff , Lucky Green , .
Moving Out – First , Matthew Gossett , Highland County Pigs , Poultry and Lambs .
ATV Safety – First , Hunter Henderson , SImply Pygmies Plus ; second , Logan McCoppin , Blue Ribbon Champs .
OUTSTANDING 4-H ENGINEERING – Matthew Gossett – Highland County Pigs , Poultry and Lambs .
WELDING
Arcs and Sparks – First , James Ogden , Clover Leaf Clippers ; second , Austin Pendell , Fur , Feather and Friends ; third , Jacob Artledge , Clover Leaf Clippers .
OUTSTANDING 4-H WELDING – James Ogden , Clover Leaf Clippers .
ELECTRICITY
Magic of Electricity – First , John Miller , Premier Showmen .
Investigating Electricity – First , Evan Fender , Barnyard Bunch .
Science Fun with Electricity – First , Sara Newsome , Fab Five .
OUTSTANDING 4-H ELECTRIC EXHIBIT – Sara Newsome , Science Fun with Electricity , Fab Five .
SCIENCE FUN
Science Fun with Kitchen Chemistry – First , Makenzie Arnold , Blue Ribbon Champs .
OUTSTANDING 4-H JUNIOR LEADERS
Outstanding JL – Cole Newsome , Highland County Junior Leaders .
Outstanding JL – Wyatt Harris , Highland County Junior Leaders .
Ivor Jones Citizenship Award – Cayla Bratton , Concord Junior Farmers .
WOOD PROJECTS
Class 1 , Lot 1 – Nail Box – First , Gabrielle Elmore , Hillsboro FFA ; second , Kaleb Thomas , Lynchburg-Clay FFA .
Class 1 , Lot 17 – Med . Misc . Woodworking Project – First , Ryan Mathews , table top , Fairfield FFA .
Metal Projects
Class 2 , Lot 4 – Welding Project – Small – First , Zach Gregory , yard ornament , Lynchburg-Clay FFA ; second , Eric Felts , strainer , Lynchburg FCCLA .
Class 2 , Lot 5 – Welding Project – Medium – First , Dale Back , hitch , Fairfield FFA .
Class 2 , Lot 7 – Misc . Metal Project – First , Dale Back , flower hook , Fairfield FFA ; second , Phoenix Taylor , flower hook , Fairfield FFA .
Mechanical Projects
Class 4 , Lot 9 – Misc . Mechanical Project – First , Dale Back , pulling sled , Fairfield FFA ; second , Austin Thompson , peddle tractor , Fairfield FFA .
By DAN GELSTON
AP Sports Writer
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) - The Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used a variety of Twitter accounts to anonymously trash some of their own players and fellow executives and defend themselves against criticism from fans and the sports media .
The allegations , reported Tuesday by the sports website The Ringer , raised questions about Colangelo 's future and that of the NBA team itself , a rising franchise heading into perhaps its most important summer ever as it tries to attract free agents to contend for championships .
The five Twitter accounts under suspicion took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz , former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie , Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel , according to The Ringer .
Among other things , the user or users of the accounts complained that Embiid , the 24-year-old All-Star center , was `` playing like a toddler having tantrums '' and was `` a bit lazy , '' `` selfish '' and `` acting like a tool . ''
The user of one of the accounts claimed to know Colangelo and described them more than once as a `` class act . '' The tweets also raised the question of whether Colangelo used the anonymous accounts to divulge team strategy and details about players ' medical conditions .
Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said they are n't familiar with the four others .
`` The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter , '' the Sixers said Wednesday in a statement . `` We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded . ''
Embiid , Philly 's franchise star , made a few wisecracks about the furor for their 1.4 million Twitter followers before standing up for Colangelo .
`` All jokes asides I do n't believe the story , '' they tweeted . `` That would be just insane . ''
The Ringer said it had been monitoring the accounts since February , when it received an anonymous tip . It said it found numerous connections among the accounts that suggested the same person was behind them .
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts , and the same day the three others were suddenly made private .
For the Sixers , the first order of business is determining whether the accounts are , in fact , Colangelo 's .
The Sixers had at least 20 impostors accounts shut down this season with people pretending to be Colangelo , a person familar with the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the probe is not over .
If the investigation shows that Colangelo is in any way connected to the accounts , the organization 's reputation would be heavily damaged as it tries to chase big free agents like LeBron James , Paul George or other All-Stars .
Colangelo , the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo , was hired as president of basketball operations in 2016 after Hinkie abruptly resigned . Hinkie was the architect behind what the team calls The Process - the long-term tearing down and rebuilding of the Sixers .
Colangelo previously served as Raptors general manager . They lost their job there after Toronto missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season , and Ujiri took over basketball operations .
According to The Ringer , one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo bristled at the suggestion that Hinkie deserved credit for the Sixers ' turnaround .
`` BC has done nothing but clean up hinkie 's mess , '' the account user wrote in January 2017 , referring to Colangelo . Another post lamented that Ujiri had n't done anything to make the Raptors better .
Colangelo has been blamed by Philly fans for the so-far disastrous deal that brought Fultz to the Sixers . One of the accounts that The Ringer linked to Colangelo blamed Fultz 's poor performance on their longtime trainer and their `` so-called mentor/father figure . ''
Colangelo was likewise criticized when Noel was sent to the Dallas Mavericks in 2017 . The Twitter accounts defended the trade , describing Noel as a `` selfish punk '' who was `` behaving like a vulture '' and was `` bad for locker room . ''
`` Bc is class act not a bad guy , '' the Twitter user added .
___
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
MOSCOW — FIFA 's patience with Diego Maradona 's World Cup antics finally ran out on Wednesday .
Soccer 's world body said it “ strongly rebukes ” comments by the Argentina great criticizing American referee Mark Geiger 's handling of England 's win against Colombia in the World Cup round of 16 .
It was yet another controversial moment involving Maradona –an official FIFA ambassador and figurehead of its “ Legends ” program celebrating former players — at a World Cup they have mostly attended as a VIP guest of FIFA .
FIFA hit back at Maradona for telling Venezuelan broadcaster Telesur the outcome of Tuesday 's game in Moscow was a “ monumental theft . ”
Maradona had been photographed before the game wearing a yellow Colombia jersey .
England advanced to the quarterfinals in a penalty shootout after a 1-1 draw in a feisty game slowed by stoppages and players arguing with Geiger , a former high school teacher from New Jersey .
FIFA said Maradona 's “ insinuations ” were “ entirely inappropriate and completely unfounded . ”
“ FIFA is extremely sorry to read such declarations from a player who has written the history of our game , ” it said in a statement .
FIFA had tolerated previous incidents by Maradona at games in Russia , which the 1986 World Cup winning captain was left to explain on their Facebook page .
They apologized for making an offensive gesture toward a South Korean fan at Argentina 's opening 1-1 draw with Iceland in Moscow . They then suggested media were trying to make headlines from an innocent incident and also broke World Cup stadium rules by smoking a cigar .
Maradona was filmed on FIFA 's official television broadcast aggressively raising their middle fingers after Argentina scored a late winning goal against Nigeria in St. Petersburg .
They were also seen on footage circulated on social media seeming to be unwell and assisted from their seat into a private dining area .
FIFA has had a turbulent relationship with Maradona in their career as a player and coach .
They tested positive for a cocktail of banned substances at the 1994 World Cup in the United States and was sent home from the tournament .
As Argentina 's coach in 2009 , a FIFA suspension for a tirade aimed at reporters after a World Cup qualifying game barred Maradona from attending the 2010 finals draw in Cape Town , South Africa .
Maradona was an outspoken critic of previous FIFA president Sepp Blatter , but was brought back into the fold when Gianni Infantino was elected in 2016 .
They came to the Kremlin in Moscow last December wearing a gold bow tie to take part in the 2018 draw .
Multinational companies were slower to recruit here in January , particularly in the IT sector , a new survey shows .
The latest Morgan McKinley Ireland Employment Monitor shows that the number of professional job vacancies last month was up by 33 % nationally compared to the previous month .
But it noted that the dynamic in the IT sector between Irish headquartered companies and US multinational companies has shifted .
In the past it was difficult for Irish SMEs to compete with larger multinational companies who could offer better salaries , conditions and access to cutting edge technology .
But it said the majority of multinational companies have become slower in terms of their hiring times , while Irish companies are winning `` the war for talent '' in this area because they are able to mobilise their hiring process and match the innovations of multinationals to claim the best talent on offer .
Morgan McKinley also that the overseas technology expansion and hiring plans of US companies have slowed down as companies wait to see what restrictions - if any - that the new US President will place on companies holding intellectual property overseas .
`` Again this has allowed Irish companies well placed to compete for available talent to reap the benefits , '' c commented Morgan McKinley Ireland 's director of Inward Investment Trayc Keevans .
On Brexit , Morgan McKinley said that Ireland is seeing interest from large Asian headquartered investment banks who have operations in the UK .
They are conducting contingency planning and considering the talent that Ireland has to offer for their operations should they decide to relocate operations here , Ms Keevans said .
`` Should they choose to do so remains to be seen but Ireland 's financial services talent pool is well positioned to meet their requirements if they do decide to locate here , '' they added .
The monitor also said that in financial services , the country is competing with other financial jurisdictions including Frankfurt , Luxembourg and Paris to attract more banking operations to Ireland .
The interest among returning diaspora with this skillset is growing , it noted .
Breaking : A-Court voids Orubebe 's conviction , overrules CCT
By Ikechukwu Nnochiri
ABUJA – The Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja , on Wednesday , nullified the decision of the Code of Conduct Tribunal , CCT , which found former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs , Elder Godsday Orubebe guilty of allegation that they falsely declared their assets in 2007 .
In a unanimous judgement , a three-man panel of Justices of the appellate court led by Justice Mohammed Abdul Aboki , voided Orubebe 's conviction on the premise that the CCT verdict occasioned a miscarriage of justice against him .
Orubebe had in their Notice of Appeal marked CA/A/633c/2016 , urged the appellate court to not only set-aside judgment the Justice Danladi Umar-led tribunal delivered against them on October 4 , 2016 , but to equally discharge and acquit them of the charge .
The tribunal had in its verdict , said it was satisfied that Orubebe shielded their ownership of Plot 2057 Asokoro District , Abuja .
Justice Umar who maintained that there was merit in the one-count amended charge the Federal Government entered against the former Minister , held that the said property should be forfeited to the government .
The tribunal noted that though Orubebe claimed that they had already sold the land before they submitted the assets declaration form , the title documents still had their name six years after .
Even though the tribunal confiscated the land from the defendant after it found them guilty of the offence of false declaration of assets contrary to section 15 of the CCB & Tribunal Act , Cap C15 , Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 2007 , it however declined to ban them from holding any public office .
Meanwhile , dissatisfied with the verdict , Orubebe , through their lawyer , Mr. Selekowei Larry , SAN , raised three grounds they said the appellate court should consider and nullify their conviction .
They prayed the appellate court to determine “ Whether the tribunal was right in convicting the defendant for false declaration of plot 2057 , Asokoro District , Abuja .
“ Whether the tribunal was right in holding that the said plot 2057 remained or remains the defendant 's property despite exhibits D1 , D2 , and D3 being documentary evidence of transfer of interest executed in favour of one Divention Properties Ltd by the defendant .
As well as , “ Whether the tribunal was right in suo motu raising the issue of non registration of Divention Properties Ltd 's title in respect of plot 2057 Asokoro District , Abuja and convicting the defendant thereon without granting party opportunity to be heard thereon ” .
The embattled ex-Minister prayed the tribunal to allow the appeal on the premise that the prosecution woefully failed to prove the false declaration of assets against him .
According to him , “ The said plot said not to be declared in the charge on September 26 , 2007 was not yet given to the appellant as at then .
“ The appellant did not make any declaration of assets on June 29 , 2011 as alleged on the charge . They only made a declaration on June 28 , 2011 , by which time they were no longer the owner of plot 2057 . The plot 2057 Asokoro District , Abuja , was a gift of empty land by the respondent ( FRN ) which they received on June 13 , 2011 and parted with the same day .
“ Having sold the said plot and executed D1 , D2 and D3 , they could not be reasonably expected to still declare it as their assets .
“ That the tribunal based its decision on an issue that was not put before it , but raised suo motu by it without giving parties opportunity to be heard , thereby rendering it a nullity
“ Accordingly , that the decision of the tribunal be set aside , the conviction quashed and the appellant be discharged and acquitted ” .
While upholding the appeal on Wednesday , the appellate court panel held that the tribunal went beyond the case that was brought before it by the prosecution .
The court held that Orubebe 's trial was not based on their none declaration of title deed of the said property , but their alleged false declaration of their assets .
It stressed that as such , the unregistered instrument of transfer of the said property was admissible evidence in proof of the payment of purchase price , which showed that the property was already acquired by Divention Properties Ltd .
The appellate court stressed that the appellant could not have declared the same property they had parted with .
The court faulted the CCT for raising the issue of non- registration of title deed of the property suo motu ( by itself ) .
“ On the whole , it is our view that this appeal succeeded on its merit and is therefore allowed . The appellant is accordingly discharged and acquitted ” , the court held .
The post Breaking : A-Court voids Orubebe 's conviction , overrules CCT appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Dangerous snow and ice hindering holiday travel for millions of Americans
Severe weather is creating headaches for millions of Americans trying to get home after the long holiday weekend . NBC 's Janet Shamlian reports for TODAY from Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and TODAY 's Al Roker explains where the storms may be headed next .
Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United will end up `` in trouble '' if they continue to fight on all fronts .
Thursday 's Europa League last-32 first leg against St Etienne kicks off a frantic 11-day period as the second leg in France comes after an FA Cup tie at Blackburn and is followed by the small matter of the EFL Cup final against Southampton .
There will be little let-up if United emerge victorious from that run of matches as more fixtures would leave them with a bloated , uneven schedule .
Mourinho believes balancing domestic and European exertions will stretch their squad and ultimately hamper their chances of success - not that they will allow their side to take their foot off the gas .
`` We can not choose the competitions at Manchester United , '' the United boss said on the eve of welcoming St Etienne . `` We know that our situation is really complicated .
`` We know that the Europa League is also a competition where we play on Thursdays and that makes it even more difficult for us .
`` Europa League is not a competition we want to play , but it 's a competition we play and we respect it . ''
`` The accumulation of FA Cup , League Cup , match postponements is really hard for us . If we progress in the competitions , we will be in trouble in April and May . But we can not choose competitions , so we play them to win .
`` I think it 's also a good way to give the team experience and international experience is always a plus .
`` Europa League is not a competition we want to play , but it 's a competition we play and we respect it . ''
Mourinho is desperate to return United to Europe 's top table , but believes Champions League qualification through the league will be harder to secure than for others as cup progress will `` create many , many problems '' .
`` We know that it 's going to be very difficult , '' the United boss said , with just four points separating their side and second-placed Manchester City .
`` We know obviously it can have an impact in the Premier League because we are competing against teams in other circumstances .
`` For example , Liverpool play only in the Premier League , Chelsea in the Premier League and the FA Cup . We have still Tottenham in a similar situation as us , but we want to progress . That 's the point .
`` We prefer difficult but progressing to easy and being knocked out of the competitions . We will go seriously tomorrow and seriously against Blackburn on Sunday . ''
Luke Shaw will be hoping to be involved at Ewood Park having been overlooked for Thursday 's match , raising fresh questions over the Manchester United left-back 's future .
A double leg break brought last season to a premature - and horrific - end for the 21-year-old , who has struggled to make their mark under Mourinho .
Niggling injuries on the comeback trail have disrupted their campaign but , despite being fit since mid-January , Shaw has made just one appearance against Wigan in the FA Cup fourth round .
The left-back was not involved in the subsequent three squads and Mourinho confirmed the England international will not feature against St Etienne on Thursday in the Europa League last-32 first leg .
`` He 's not playing tomorrow , '' Mourinho said . `` Because my team is playing well and I am happy with my back four , and I 'm going to repeat ( Antonio ) Valencia , ( Eric ) Bailly , ( Chris ) Smalling , ( Daley ) Blind . ''
Provisional squad : De Gea , Romero , Henderson , Darmian , Fosu-Mensah , Valencia , Young , Rojo , Tuanzebe , Smalling , Bailly , Blind , Mata , Fellaini , Schweinsteiger , Herrera , Pogba , Lingard , Martial , Mkhitaryan , Rashford , Ibrahimovic .
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . Philadelphia Eagles strong safety Malcolm Jenkins ( 27 ) goes through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 , in Minneapolis . Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots S ...
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . Philadelphia Eagles tight end Trey Burton ( 88 ) catches a pass during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 , in Minneapolis . Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday .
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . Philadelphia Eagles free safety Rodney McLeod ( 23 ) goes through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 , in Minneapolis . Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday .
( AP Photo/Eric Gay ) . Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Nick Foles ( 9 ) throws during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 , in Minneapolis . Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday .
By ROB MAADDI
AP Pro Football Writer
BLOOMINGTON , Minn. ( AP ) - The best formula for success against the New England Patriots is to keep Tom Brady on the sideline and harass them when he 's on the field .
That 's not a news flash . But the good news for Eagles fans and everyone roots against Brady , Bill Belichick and the Patriots in Sunday 's Super Bowl is that Philadelphia has the ingredients to do it .
The Eagles ( 15-3 ) have a multidimensional , ball-control offense capable of chewing the clock and forcing No . 12 to be a spectator .
Jay Ajayi , former Patriots running back LeGarrette Blount and Corey Clement led the NFL 's third-best rushing offense and the Eagles were first in time of possession .
`` You have to stay patient and diligent there , '' Eagles coach Doug Pederson said . `` That 's something we 've been able to do all season long . It 's something we stay committed to . ''
This is n't an old-school , ground-and-pound offense , either .
The Eagles have a versatile passing attack with several receivers who create matchup problems . Carson Wentz threw for 3,296 yards and 33 touchdown passes before they tore their ACL in Week 14 and Nick Foles has eight TD passes , including playoffs .
Foles proved in the NFC championship game they can make quick-strike plays with three passes of 40-plus yards against the league 's top-ranked defense . Two of those were TD tosses of 53 yards to Alshon Jeffery and 41 yards to Torrey Smith .
Pro Bowl tight end Zach Ertz and slot receiver Nelson Agholor are other options . Tight end Trey Burton , who also lines up at fullback in certain short-yardage situations , had five TD catches this season .
`` You ca n't just stop one guy , '' Patriots safety Devin McCourty said . `` You ca n't go out there and say , 'if we just limit Jeffery or if we just limit Ertz that wo n't matter . ' They have a lot of different guys out there that can beat you . ''
Foles has been adept at making the right calls on run-pass option plays , making it even more difficult for defenses facing Philadelphia .
`` It 's hard because you have to defend every inch of the field , '' McCourty said . `` Each guy has to do their job on the play . We ca n't have guys doing things that do n't fit the defense . ''
On the opposite side of the ball , defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz has an aggressive unit . Nobody runs on Philadelphia 's defense . It was No . 1 against the run and did n't allow a 100-yard rusher until Ezekiel Elliott had 103 in Week 17 against backups and third-stringers .
The Patriots ( 15-3 ) rely mainly on Brady 's arm , even though Dion Lewis had 896 yards rushing and James White was a Super Bowl hero last year . But Brady ca n't throw if they do n't have time and the Eagles have a dominant front four led by Fletcher Cox and Brandon Graham .
The line often generates enough pressure that Schwartz does n't have to blitz much and there 's enough depth with Chris Long , Vinny Curry , Tim Jernigan and Beau Allen that guys stay fresh in the fourth quarter .
Safety Malcolm Jenkins is a physical presence in the secondary and cornerbacks Ronald Darby and Jalen Mills are solid cover guys .
`` They have a great defense , '' Brady said . `` It 's as good any we 've faced all year . They have a great scheme that mixes in well with their coverages . ''
If the game comes down to a field goal , rookie kicker Jake Elliott has a strong leg . They kicked a 61-yarder at the end of regulation to beat the Giants in Week 3 and is 6 of 7 from beyond 50 yards .
The Eagles should n't be tight and they 're not intimidated by the Patriots . They 're a loose , relaxed group that has embraced their underdog role throughout the playoffs and overcame injuries to several key players .
`` Greatest quarterback of all time , but that does n't mean that he 's unbeatable , '' Jenkins said of Brady . `` We 're not worried . We match up well . ''
___
AP NFL website : www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/AP_RobMaaddi
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
UNILAG Wades into LUC Controversy , Recommends Rental , not Capital-based Property Assessment
The Department of Estate Management in the Faculty of Environmental Sciences , University of Lagos has volunteered to assist the Lagos State Government to enthrone sustainable Land Use Charge Administration to resolve the current impasse . This is in line with what the Vice Chancellor of the University , Professor Oluwatoyin Ogundipe described as desirable engagement between Town and Gown . Bennett Oghifo reports
The implementation of the new Land Use Charge of the Lagos State Government has , no doubt , hit a major dilemma . Regardless , the impasse , according to the University of Lagos , could be resolved if the government accepted its rich research-based findings on property tax .
The University made its honourable intentions known at ‘ A Round Table/Expert Panel Discussion on Property Tax Reform : Towards Sustainable Land Use Charge Administration in Lagos State , ' organised by the Department of Estate Management ,
Faculty of Environmental Sciences , University of Lagos , last week .
Setting a tone for discussions , the Vice Chancellor , Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe said the expert panel set up by the Department was desirable because it was necessary to have quality engagement between Town and Gown to “ make positive impact in the environment where we live . ”
The VC , represented by the DVC , Management Services , Prof Emukufia Oghojafor , said it was very pleasing that the Department of Estate Management rose to the challenge posed by the controversial new Land Use Charge Law . They charged them to make the outcome of the roundtable available to the Lagos State government , Federal Ministry of Power , Works and Housing and to the University of Lagos .
In their presentation , the Head , Department of Estate Management , Prof. Modupe M. Omirin commended the state government for its desire to better the lot of residents , but observed that the reviewed Land Use Charge Law lacked key ingredients and thus counterproductive . The HOD , and other experts , who discussed the new law , also provided an alternative .
Prof. Modupe M. Omiri stated that the purposes of the Land Use Charge Law are quite laudable . But , “ We are advocating a careful reconsideration of the key issues underlying the Law in order to ensure sustainable administration which , in addition to Adam Smith 's canons of taxation – certainty , equity , convenience and economy ; will include acceptability ; enforceability ; affordability ; legality or legitimacy ; and transparency .
“ A good property tax system and the Land Use charge for that matter must be seen to comply with the principles of good governance which also include inclusiveness , subsidiarity , accountability and efficiency . It is the seeming absence of evidence of some of these characteristics that has engendered so much of the negative reactions seen so far . ”
They said there are some fine points in the new LUC Law , but that what is wrong with it is the “ adoption of capital values as basis of assessment of all properties . Unlike annual rental values which are receivable by property owners and evidence of which is easier to obtain through market surveys and records of actual collection , Capital values are not realisable until a sale occurs . Their determination is not as clear and the fact that transactions that yield evidence of capital values are very infrequent and are subject to various influences make them suspect as a basis for an annual levy . Without gainsaying , the new tax regime may discourage real estate investments in an already depressed market plagued by a rising housing deficit .
“ The 40 % general relief on all assessed capital values does not in any way provide any relief for persons not in beneficial occupation of their properties . A recourse to the use of Annual rental value ( or in the case of properties not let , the annual equivalent of the capital value ) should be the basis because ; It is more transparent and easier to achieve ; The incidence will be on actual earnings from the property ; There will be reduced need to adopt an arbitrary general relief rate ; The potential inflationary effect of the LUC rate review will be better understood and dealt with ; Assessment will be easier based on abundant actual evidence or comparables ; Capital values are subjective and ‘ unreal ' because they do not actually accrue to landlords until a sale occurs and may never do . ”
Landlords , they said would shift the incidence of increased LUC by charging higher rents on residential , commercial and other types of property . “ Tenants will in turn shift the incidence to goods sold , services rendered , thereby causing widespread inflation and hardship for all citizens . In an economy that is already seriously constrained this is a dangerous trend . ”
Discussing an ‘ Amicable Resolution to The Seeming Impasse
on the Lagos State Land Use Charge ( Luc ) , 2018 ' , Dr. G.K. Babawale demonstrated why the rental and not the capital value should be used for property assessment .
They stated that “ the rental value is generally considered more appropriate , pragmatic , objective , transparent , logical , equitable , cost-effective with higher potential for compliance and therefore revenue yield buoyancy . It is highly recommended for Lagos State . ”
According to Babawale , “ The LUC , 2018 valuation/assessment process , through a modified area-based mass valuation using the cost method complicates the tax system making it difficult both to understand and administer ; it renders it a subject of conflicting interpretation and thereby opening the tax system to manipulation and abuse . It opens the door to endless disputes ; makes collection cost excessively high ; encourages tax delinquencies : and breeds corruption . All these have grave consequences on compliance and revenue yields . ”
Prof. Abiola Sanni , Department of Commercial & Industrial Law , Faculty of Law , University of Lagos , in their presentation , recommended that “ Property tax should be used to strengthen the local government system and make them accountable ( of course under the supervision and monitoring of the State through the Commissioner of Finance and Local Government ) . ”
The Professor of Taxation & Fiscal Matters , however , said there is Constitutional infraction in the LUC law . “ Section 3 of the Land Use Charge Law will resuscitate the debate on conflict with the provision of section 7 Item 1 ( j ) of the Fourth Schedule to the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria , 1999 . “ Vesting the Commissioner with the power to “ …undertake assessment ” is also in conflict with section 7 Item 1 ( j ) of the Fourth Schedule to the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria , 1999 which provides : “ The main functions of a local government council are as follows : assessment of privately houses or tenements for the purpose of levying such rates as any be prescribed by the House of Assembly. ” The Phrase “ The Commissioner ” in sections 5 ( 1 ) & 6 , they said should be substituted with “ the Local Government Authority. ” They said there is also Conflict between section 9 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) . Section 9 ( 1 ) makes a leaseholder of less than 10 years liable which implies that a leaseholder of more than 10 years is not liable . Section 9 ( 2 ) then goes further to make leaseholder of over 10 years liable . The combined reading of section 9 means that leaseholders are generally liable irrespective of year . If this is the intention , reference to 10 years is unnecessary .
M.J Fasona , Department of Geography , University of Lagos , in their presentation , ‘ GIS and Remote Sensing for Sustainable Land-Use Charge Revenue Collection in Lagos State ' advised that “ the LUC assessors need to work with credible GIS-based data for a progressive and inclusive LUC – : that is Geo-enabled governance . ”
The post UNILAG Wades into LUC Controversy , Recommends Rental , not Capital-based Property Assessment appeared first on THISDAYLIVE .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
What says romance more than a lunch date at the White House ?
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and their wife , Mary Pat , dined with President Trump at the White House this Valentine 's Day . A White House senior official told NBC News that the governor and the president spoke by phone last week , resulting in an invitation to the White House .
In this Aug. 29 , 2016 file photo , New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie listens to a question from the media in Trenton , N.J. Mel Evans / AP
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during Tuesday 's press briefing that Christie 's work on opioid addiction was a topic of discussion during the lunch . Christie 's day also included a visit with Vice President Mike Pence , who tweeted a photo of the meeting Tuesday night .
That Christie is back in the White House is notable considering their abrupt departure from the Trump team 's transition efforts last November .
The New Jersey governor , a 2016 presidential hopeful himself , was a key adviser in Trump 's orbit before being ousted during the transition , with multiple sources telling NBC News at the time that their demotion was a result of not being sufficiently loyal during the campaign .
President-elect Donald Trump and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie shake hands before their meeting on Nov. 20 , 2016 in Bedminster Township , N.J. Drew Angerer / Getty Images
Then Vice President-Elect Pence took over as head of the transition efforts .
The White House official downplayed the significance of the lunch in an interview with NBC News , noting that Christie and Trump are long time friends .
The lunch date comes amid a staff shake up at the White House , with National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigning after misleading White House officials about the nature of their calls with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak .
Reince just briefed me on new WH plans . Impressive ! CNN today my personal view . Told them I have 'open mind ' based on their results . — Christopher Ruddy ( @ ChrisRuddyNMX ) February 12 , 2017
Over the weekend , reports also surfaced that Trump might be unhappy with their current chief of staff , Reince Priebus , after an interview with a close friend of Trump calling Priebus weak . Newsmax CEO Chris Ruddy later walked the comments back , saying he 'd since spoken with Priebus and is impressed with the plans coming down the pipeline .
On Monday evening , Trump told a group of reporters during a chance encounter in the West Wing that their chief of staff was doing a `` great job . ''
`` Not a good job , '' the president made sure to say . `` A great job . ''
PITTSBURGH — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings and their hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals , leading the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 2-1 victory over the Chicago Cubs 2-1 on Wednesday night .
Musgrove ( 2-0 ) helped end the Pirates ' four-game losing streak by overcoming a shaky first inning to allow one run on seven hits and four walks . They also had five strikeouts , five days after pitching seven scoreless innings against the St. Louis Cardinals to win their Pirates ' debut .
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning . Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground .
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections .
Umpire crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez . However , replay officials at Major League Baseball 's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play .
The Pirates were angered Monday when Anthony Rizzo 's slide upended catcher Elias Diaz at home plate , successfully breaking up a potential double play in the eighth inning of Chicago 's 7-0 win .
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz . However , Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz 's right leg .
Musgrove began the season on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder . They were acquired with three other players from the Houston Astros in an off-season trade for Gerrit Cole .
They outpitched Kyle Hendricks ( 4-4 ) , who surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings while striking out one and walking one . The Cubs ' three-game winning streak was snapped .
Josh Harrison hit the sixth leadoff home run of their career in the bottom of the first inning and Gregory Polanco put the Pirates ahead 2-1 in the second with a sacrifice fly that scored Corey Dickerson , who led off with a triple . Polanco went 0 for 3 and is hitless in their last 21 at-bats .
Albert Almora Jr. led off the game with a double and scored on Baez 's single as the Cubs took a quick 1-0 lead . However , Musgrove struck out Kyle Schwarber and Addison Russell to escape a bases-loaded jam and Chicago wound up stranding 11 runners .
Felipe Vazquez pitched a scoreless ninth , getting Kris Bryant to hit a game-ending groundout with two men on , for their 10th save in 13 opportunities . The left-hander blew each of their three previous chances .
Pittsburgh 's Colin Moran and Chicago 's Jason Heyward had three hits apiece .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Cubs : RHP Yu Darvish was found to have inflammation in their right triceps but no structural damage after undergoing an MRI . Signed to a $ 126-million , six-year contract in February as a free agent , Darvish last pitched May 20. . RHP Carl Edwards Jr. ( right shoulder inflammation ) was placed on the 10-day disabled list and RHP Cory Mazzoni was recalled from Triple-A Iowa . Edwards felt pain after pitching one scoreless inning in Tuesday night 's win over the Pirates . Mazzoni got two outs in a scoreless inning .
Pirates : C Francisco Cervelli returned to the lineup after missing three games with flu-like symptoms and was 0 for 4. . RHP Ivan Nova ( sprained right ring finger ) will miss their second straight start Sunday at St. Louis and either pitch a simulated game or make a minor league rehab start before being activated from the DL . . LHP Enny Romero ( left shoulder impingement ) has started throwing off the slope of the mound at extended spring training in Bradenton , Florida .
UP NEXT
Cubs : LHP Jose Quintana ( 5-4 , 4.78 ERA ) will start against Mets RHP Seth Lugo ( 1-1 , 2.48 ) in the opener of a four-game series at New York . Quintana has a 3.18 ERA in five road starts , compared to a 6.66 mark in five home starts .
Pirates : RHP Trevor Williams ( 5-3 , 3.43 ) will face Cardinals RHP Jack Flaherty ( 2-1 , 2.15 ) in the first game of a four-game series at St. Louis . Since winning their first three starts this season , Williams is 2-3 with a 4.14 ERA in eight starts .
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
It 's been an exciting few months for Liam Gallagher . Amid three new singles promoting their new solo album As You Were ( including one last week ) he 's found time to malign A $ AP Rocky , retire from Lollapalooza after just three songs , and give U2 a great new nickname . But the missives keep on coming from the former Oasis frontman , this time in the form of a new interview with GQ . Among other targets of their gaze–including Mick Jagger and Bono–he expressed their displeasure with Dave Grohl . Grohl , if you 'll recall , broke their leg a couple years ago , but did n't let it deter them from finishing a run of Foo Fighters shows . Liam , the chronically cliche rocker , took issue with the work ethic involved .
“ Ruined it for all of us , ” Gallagher said . “ Broke their leg and still toured . Who does that ? Now if I have a cold I ca n't cancel because I 'll look like a wuss , ”
The interview is from the September cover story of GQ . Liam 's As You Were comes out this November .
CCP Technologies will use Vodafone 's Narrowband Internet of Things ( NB-IoT ) network to help connect the hardware sensors employed by its monitoring platform .
The ASX-listed CCP offers an inhouse-developed B2B software and hardware solution for critical control point monitoring .
The company is currently focused on the food industry , with the CCP platform — which employs ‘ smart tags ' and can use both Wi-Fi and low power wide area network ( LPWAN ) technology for connectivity — used to ensure food safety through monitoring and reporting variables such as temperature .
CCP announced in May that as part of a trial it had rolled out its first critical control point monitoring service at Sydney International Airport using Vodafone 's NB-IoT network .
Veloce Espresso , based in Terminal 2 at the airport , was one of the first end users of the CCP platform , employing it to monitor fridge temperatures .
CCP revealed today that it had signed a global services agreement with Vodafone ( which includes the company 's local joint venture , Vodafone Hutchison Australia ) .
“ We have been working closely with CCP since the launch of our NB-IoT network in Australia and are thrilled to welcome it into our growing suite of Vodafone NB-IoT customers , ” said Neelum Prakash , Vodafone 's general manager of enterprise busienss .
CCP , along with Metasphere , was one of the first Vodafone customers to trial NB-IoT services on the company 's Australian network .
Vodafone announced in October that it had begun the progressive rollout of NB-IoT , starting with Frankston and Port Melbourne in Victoria , and North Sydney in New South Wales .
The telco has since switched on NB-IoT across more of Sydney as well as in parts of the Illawarra , Brisbane and the Gold Coast .
According to Vodafone , the company is switching on NB-IoT services in areas where there is demand from the telco 's customers .
The company is using spectrum in the 900MHz band for NB-IoT .
Israeli author David Grossman won the prestigious 2017 Man Booker International prize in London for their latest novel “ A Horse Walks into a Bar ” .
Grossman on Wednesday night beat their compatriot Amos Oz and four other contenders for the prize , which is awarded to writers of foreign language fiction translated into English , reports Efe news .
The 50,000 pounds ( $ 64,000 ) prize will be split equally between Grossman and the novel 's translator Jessica Cohen .
The novel revolves around a stand-up comedian as they relate a traumatic moment in their life during their final show at a local club , praised by the judges as an “ ambitious high-wire act of a novel ” .
Nick Barley , the chairperson of the award 's judging panel , said the book “ shines a spotlight on the effects of grief , without any hint of sentimentality ” .
“ We were bowled over by Grossman 's willingness to take emotional as well as stylistic risks : every sentence counts , every word matters in this supreme example of the writer 's craft , ” they added .
Born in Jerusalem in 1954 , Grossman began their career as a journalist and was fired from public radio over their critical coverage of Israel .
They have been writing literature since the 1970s and their works , including “ The Zigzag Kid ” , “ See Under : Love ” and “ The Book of Intimate Grammar ” have been translated into more than 40 languages .
The 63-year-old author is known for their opposition to Israel 's occupation of Palestinian territories and their support to the peace process . Their son Uri was killed fighting in the 2006 Israel-Hezbollah conflict .
The 2016 Man Booker prize was awarded to South Korean writer Han Kang for their novel “ The Vegetarian ” , along with their translator Deborah Smith .
Presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway has blamed the Obama administration for failing to regulate “ bump stocks , ” a little-known device that may have helped the Las Vegas mass shooter kill more people .
Ms Conway defended President Donald Trump in the wake of the shooting , arguing that former President Barack Obama was to blame for the commercial availability of bump stocks .
`` I did note ... it was President Obama 's ATF , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , in 2010 that decided not to regulate this device , '' they said . `` That should be part of the conversation and part of the facts that you put before your viewers . ''
Police say bump stocks – small pieces of plastic or metal that allow a semi-automatic rifle to mimic a fully automatic weapon – helped shooter Stephen Paddock fire off an unusually high number of rounds into a crowded concert on Sunday . The shooter killed at least 58 people and injured more than 500 , making it the deadliest mass shooting in US history .
Officials say Paddock had as many as 12 bump stocks , and more than 20 weapons , in their hotel room at the time .
Former President Barack Obama 's ATF approved the sale of bump stocks in 2010 , concluding that they did not violate a federal ban on fully automatic weapons .
Rick Vasquez , a former ATF official who signed off on the recommendation , described the device as “ a goofy , little doodad ” .
“ It 's for those guys who want to look like super ninja when they 're out on the range — they 're the people my peer group makes fun of , ” Mr Vasquez , a former Marine , told the Washington Post .
But bump stocks – and their ability to amplify the effects of mass shootings – have become a focal point in the wake of the Las Vegas massacre .
Three House Republicans have sent a letter to the ATF , asking the agency to reevaluate the legality of the device . Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein has introduced a bill banning the sale and possession of bump stocks and other , similar devices .
But Ms Conway was sceptical of these efforts , noting that many legislators neglect the issue of gun control until a mass shooting occurs . Mr Obama passed more than 20 executive orders on gun control in the wake of a mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary , but failed to pass a proposed ban on assault weapons .
“ I know the high horse cavalry loves to run in , thumping their chests after a tragedy , but let 's step back and have a thoughtful conversation about everything that is at play here , ” they said . “ The more information all of us can learn about everything that happened in Las Vegas , the better . ”
Email Newsletter
Sign up to receive our newsletter and find out what 's going on around Wales .
Organisers of the Aotearoa Māori National Bowls are on a mission to revive their sport .
This year 's tournament held in Rotorua saw a decrease from past events with only 47 teams registered . Once a thriving tournament has hit a decline . Harold Hunt who has helped organise the tournament says “ the situation is the same all over the motu they can not , the young ones are not keen to come forward and play whether they are a bit māngere I do n't know . ”
Organisers are hoping to boost the numbers by changing its demographic .
Simon Barakat says , “ We are trying to promote the game amount our younger people , so we are going to dangle the carrot in front of our young and say look , come and play bowls , there is a goal at the end of it all , if you really put your time into it you can achieve . ”
Homai Uarata , event stalwart would like to see more iwi support .
“ We have the ability to put in place avenues , do n't leave it up to New Zealand but for Māori to establish a plan govern under Māori protocols . ”
The organisers hope next year 's tournament in Hawkeseesay see a strong return .
John Willoughby : Greene Publishing , Inc .
After bringing the idea before the Town of Lee Council and having approval , the first ever Car Show for Kids is set to take place at Lee City Hall on Saturday , July 14 , beginning at 10 a.m. Frank Premorel , the event planner , is seeking cars of all models , makes , years , including customs and stock cars .
Featuring some of the coolest cars anyone could ever see , the event will have food and snow-cone vendors , train rides and bounce houses for the kids . If you have a cool antique or custom ride , you can enter the event at no cost to you ! So bring those hot rods , classic cars , rat rods , low riders , drag cars and custom bikes to the event for staging at 8 a.m. on the morning of the event .
For each class of vehicle , there will be trophies awarded for the first , second and third place . Remember , this is for the kids to see that cars are more than something they just ride to school in .
For more information about the event , call Lee City Hall at ( 850 ) 971-5867 . City Hall is located at 286 NE County Road 255 , in Lee .
Youngstown , Ohio ( WYTV ) – A water main break has occurred on Cascade Drive in Youngstown .
The Youngstown Water Department has blocked off the road and is digging to fix the break .
Witnesses said water was bubbling up out of the street and pooling into several yards on Arden Boulevard .
An official boil alert has not been issued , but if there is one , officials will post notices door-to-door to alert the small amount of people who are affected .
WYTV has crews on the scene investigating how many people will be affected by the water main break and will post updates once more information is found .
( AP Photo/John Bazemore ) . Actress Uzo Aduba speaks during a rally for Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate Doug Jones , Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 , in Birmingham , Ala. Jones is facing Republican Roy Moore .
( AP Photo/Brynn Anderson ) . Former White House strategist Steve Bannon speaks in support of U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore during a campaign rally , Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 , in Midland City , Ala .
( AP Photo/John Bazemore ) . Former NBA player Charles Barkley speaks during a rally for Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate Doug Jones , Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 , in Birmingham , Ala. Jones is facing Republican Roy Moore .
( AP Photo/John Bazemore ) . Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate Doug Jones speaks during a rally Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 , in Birmingham , Ala. Jones is facing Republican Roy Moore .
By BILL BARROW and KIM CHANDLER
Associated Press
BIRMINGHAM , Ala. ( AP ) - Depending on who is making the case , Alabama 's special Senate election Tuesday is about either continuing the `` Trump miracle '' in Washington or allowing `` decency '' to prevail back home .
At the center is Roy Moore - `` Judge Moore , '' to their supporters . The 70-year-old Republican was twice ousted as state Supreme Court chief justice after flouting federal law , and now he 's attempting a political resurrection amid accusations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls when they were in their 30s .
In Moore 's path is Democrat Doug Jones , a 63-year-old former U.S. attorney best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen who killed four black girls in a 1963 church bombing .
The winner will take the seat previously held by Attorney General Jeff Sessions . Republicans hold a narrow 52-48 Senate majority . A routine election in Republican-dominated Alabama would n't be expected to alter that balance , because Alabamians have n't sent a Democrat to the upper chamber of Congress since 1992 . President Donald Trump notched a 28-point win here in 2016 and remains popular in the state .
But Moore 's baggage leaves the outcome enough in doubt that both Trump and their Democratic predecessor , Barack Obama , have weighed in with last-minute robocalls trying to sway voters .
The intensity also has spawned a steady stream of fake news stories that fill social media feeds of interested people in Alabama and beyond . An Associated Press analysis , in cooperation with Facebook , counted as many as 200 false or misleading reports heading into the weekend . One website claimed one of the women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted . They did not . Meanwhile , Moore 's detractors took to social media to claim they had written in a 2011 textbook that women should n't hold elected office . They did n't .
In their final pitch before polls open , Jones called the choice a `` crossroads '' and asked that `` decency '' prevail .
`` We 've had this history in the past , going down the road that ... has not been productive , '' Jones said . `` We 've lagged behind in industry . We 've lagged behind in education . We 've lagged behind in health care . It 's time we take the road that 's going to get us on the path to progress . ''
At their own election eve rally , Moore again denied all the allegations , calling them `` disgusting '' and offering voters a clear measure : `` If you do n't believe in my character , do n't vote for me . '' Earlier in the day , Moore cast themselves as the victim . `` It 's just been hard , a hard campaign , '' they said .
For Alabama , the outcome could be defining .
Democrats and moderate Republicans see an opportunity to reject a politician who is already regular fodder for late-night television and enough of a curiosity that Chinese leader Xi Jinping paused a presidential meeting in Beijing recently to ask Trump through an interpreter , `` Who is Roy Moore ? ''
Alabama 's senior senator , Richard Shelby , confirmed publicly that they wrote in a `` distinguished Alabama Republican '' rather than vote for Moore .
Many Republicans , however , see an opportunity to defend the state 's conservative , evangelical bent in the face of unfair liberal criticism while delivering another victory for Trump and sending an anti-establishment senator into a federal government that has been reflexively unpopular among Alabama majorities for generations .
Trump 's campaign architect and former White House adviser Steve Bannon told Moore supporters Monday evening that the race is a `` national election '' that will determine whether the `` Trump miracle '' continues . Moore says they are aligned with the president and they make similar arguments to Trump , blasting `` the elite '' in the `` swamp '' of Washington , D.C .
For Jones to win , they must build an atypical coalition , maximizing turnout among African-American voters and white liberals who often do n't combine for more than 40 percent of the electorate , while coaxing votes from enough white Republicans who ca n't pull the lever for Moore .
One of Jones ' celebrity backers framed the choice as being much less complicated .
`` I love Alabama , '' said Leeds native and former NBA basketball star Charles Barkley , `` but at some point we 've got to draw a line in the sand and say , 'We 're not a bunch of damn idiots . ' ''
Polls open at 7 a.m. local time .
___
Chandler reported from Midland City , Alabama . Follow Barrow on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https : //twitter.com/StatehouseKim .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Ponda : It may be recalled that the locals had recently gheraoed Sarpanch Nayan Naik in their cabin demanding that the NOC be revoked.Addressing media persons today , a resident Gurudas Naik showed the copy of the Bandora Panchayat 's letter to SIDCL dated December 28 , 2016 revoking NOC granted to STP in December 2015 . The copy of the letter stated that SIDCL did not mention in the application , the site of proposed STP and its survey number in which it will be constructed while seeking the NOC for the same .
Naik said that Undir locals are opposed to the proposed STP in residential area as it may pollute the village . The villagers also alleged that the panchayat and SIDCL kept them in the dark about proposed project.was going to be constructed at Undir only when some mangroves were cut in the area recently to make way for construction of STP.The locals said they are not against the STP but want it at isolated place , away from residential area . [ H ]
DETROIT ( AP ) — Audi is recalling about 391,000 cars and SUVs in the U.S. and Canada because the electric coolant pumps can overeat and possibly cause a fire .
The recall covers the 2013 to 2016 A4 , the 2013 to 2017 A5 , the 2012 to 2015 A6 , and the Q5 SUV from 2013 to 2017 . All have 2-Liter turbocharged engines .
The Volkswagen luxury brand says in government documents that the pumps can become blocked with cooling system debris , or moisture in the pump can cause an electrical short . No reports of fires are listed .
Dealers will replace the pumps at no cost to owners . Audi says redesigned parts wo n't be ready until November , but dealers will install a new version of the current pump until the redesigned ones are available .
Irish exports reached record levels in 2016 , according to the Central Statistics Office , despite a drop shipment to Britain .
Export values rose 4 % to €116.9 billion last year , according to the figures , with most sectors enjoying growth in the period .
At the same time import values fell by 0.7 % to €69.6 billion - leaving the country with a trade surplus of €47.3 billion , up 11.9 % year on year .
The export figures were boosted by a 150 % rise in electrical machinery , apparatus and appliances shipments , with values there hitting €7.3 billion in 2016 .
Exports of organic chemicals also saw a significant rise , up 10 % to almost €2.17 billion in the year .
On the import side , there was a 27 % dip in the value of mineral fuels , lubricants and related materials brought into the country , which stood at €1.36 billion in the year .
Imports of machinery specialised for particular industries was also down , falling 48 % to €1.14 billion .
According to the CSO Britain remains one of Ireland 's biggest trading partners - however exports to there fell by €496m ( 4 % ) in the year to €13.3 billion .
Meanwhile imports from Britain to Ireland were also down , dropping €1.35 billion ( 8 % ) to €15.55 billion .
Exports to other European Union countries also fell in 2016 , down €193m ( 0.3 % ) to €59.6 billion , with imports from the EU down €339m ( 1 % ) to €42 billion .
However that decline was more than made up for by a €3.3 billion ( 12 % ) rise in exports to the US , which reached €30.2 billion last year . Exports to the rest of the world were also up , rising 9 % to €4.7 billion .
Commenting on today 's figures , Merrion economist Alan McQuaid said that one can only speculate as to how Brexit will impact Ireland in the coming months and years , but there is likely to be a negative impact on trade .
They said that the UK accounts for 16-17 % of Ireland 's total exports , but 30 % of all employment is in sectors which are heavily related to UK exports .
SMEs - agri-food and tourism - will likely be more affected than larger companies by the introduction of tariffs and barriers to trade , they added .
2:25
' I 've seen my death . I 'm not going to live long , ' victim tells mother hours before fatal shooting
By TOM WITHERSAP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND ( AP ) - LeBron James will sit out Friday 's exhibition game against the Indiana Pacers as they recover from a sprained left ankle .
James got hurt on Sept. 27 when they stepped on a teammate 's foot in practice . They took part in Cleveland 's workout on Thursday and the club wanted to see how they responded before deciding if they would try to go against the Pacers . He 's going to sit again as a precaution , the team said .
The three-time champion also missed Wednesday 's preseason opener against Atlanta . Cleveland next plays on Tuesday against Chicago .
James and their teammates attended Thursday night 's AL Division Series matchup between the Indians and New York Yankees .
Iman Shumpert will miss Friday 's game with a sprained left foot that is expected to keep them out for a week or more .
The Cavaliers open the regular season on Oct. 17 against the Boston Celtics .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
KANSAS CITY , Kan. — A pollster hired by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach testified Monday that a survey of 500 adults they conducted found just one person who could n't produce a document proving U.S. citizenship .
The Topeka Capital-Journal reported their testimony came on the seventh day of a federal bench trial challenging Kansas ' proof-of-citizenship requirement .
Pollster Pat McFerron also acknowledged possible bias in their survey under questioning by an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union .
U.S. District judge Julie Robinson allowed McFerron to testify , even though they were not identified as an expert witness before the deadline that had been set by the judge .
McFerron is president of Cole Hargrave Snodgrass , a firm that primarily caters to Republican candidates . They were paid $ 9,000 for their survey .
One of the survey questions asked : “ In 2011 , because of evidence that aliens were registering and voting in Kansas elections , the Kansas Legislature passed a law requiring that people who register to vote for the first time must prove that they are United States citizens before they can become registered . Do you support or oppose this ? ”
Seventy-seven per cent supported the law , 14 per cent opposed and 9 per cent had no opinion .
Citing the wording of the survey question , ACLU attorney Neil Steiner asked whether it introduces bias into the survey . McFerron agreed it could .
Arizona Coyotes defenseman Anthony DeAngelo was suspended for three games without pay by the NHL for physical abuse of officials .
The incident occurred at the end of the second period Saturday night in a 4-2 loss at Calgary . DeAngelo was assessed a game misconduct for abuse of officials .
The suspension will cost DeAngelo $ 14,389 .
Why it matters to you Are you overheating in bed at night ? Do n't put up with it anymore and set up the Bfan .
We 've been awaiting its return for months , but now that summer is nearly here , we could probably do without nights sweating into our sheets . But fret not — you can still enjoy all the perks of summer without its nocturnal drawbacks thanks to the Bfan , a bed-cooling system that will help you stay dry and sweat-free without wasting tons of energy ( not to mention money ) . The clever solution for hot sleepers has already fared remarkably well on both Kickstarter and Indiegogo , where it raised a total of nearly $ 800,000 , and you can pre-order one for yourself for $ 126 , with an estimated delivery date of June — just in time for sweltering heat .
The standing fan can be placed just about anywhere around your bed . The top of the Bfan is slightly curved to rest on the edge of your bed , and blow a gentle breeze all night long . Regardless of how tall your bed is , the Bfan will probably be a fit , as the body extends from anywhere between 19 and 37 inches tall .
But this is more than just your standard fan — rather , the design of this device promises to remove heat generated by your body ( that is subsequently trapped in your sheets , comforter , and mattress ) , enabling you to sleep in cool , constantly circulated air . The air duct of the fan measures 12 inches wide and three-quarters-of-an-inch deep , so cool air will be dispersed over a relatively large area of your bed . The base of the fan can be set in any direction , and you can set the system up at the top of the bed , at its foot , or around the side , depending on where you overheat most . That said , the Bfan is meant to deliver air between the top and bottom sheets of your bed so that it is constantly in direct contact with your body .
And beyond your comfort , Bfan users have also seen impressive cuts on their electric bills — in fact , the company notes , some customers have reported savings of up to 50 percent on their monthly payments .
So if you 're already dreading the hot summer months and what it will mean for your sleeping habits , you may want to loop into the Bfan .
HONOLULU — The FBI is investigating four Honolulu police officers who are accused of forcing a man to place their mouth on a urinal inside a public restroom .
Honolulu Police Chief Susan Ballard says another officer reported the suspected misconduct after the officers responded to a complaint Sunday of a person trespassing in the restroom .
Ballard says the department referred the case to the FBI on Wednesday following an initial internal investigation .
All four have been placed on restricted duty . They have not been identified .
According to the department , the officers have between three and 16 years of law enforcement experience .
Ballard says they are “ appalled at the behaviour , ” and the department will take appropriate action if the allegations are true .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
It 's Facebook to the rescue .
A Facebook group calling for people to leave negative reviews on the website Rotten Tomatoes for the upcoming `` Black Panther '' movie appears to have been shut down by the social network .
The plot was reportedly masterminded by anti-Disney internet trolls who had previously taken credit for generating negative reviews of `` Star Wars : The Last Jedi '' and making derogatory comments about the characters , including the addition of more women into the franchise .
These efforts are meant to depress the overall ratings of the movies on RottenTomatoes.com , which have become important in the movie industry .
The group , called `` Down with Disney 's Treatment of Franchises and Its Fanboys , '' appears to no longer be accessible on Facebook . A Facebook representative did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Attempts to access the group were met with a notification from Facebook saying that the company had removed the page , according to MarvelStudiosNews.com .
Wow ! Disappointed but not surprised smh pic.twitter.com/S0Ph0wRU6U — Matthew A. Cherry ( @ MatthewACherry ) February 1 , 2018
Black Panther , which is based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name , opens on Feb. 16 . The superhero film has a predominantly black cast and strong female characters .
Prior to being shut down , the group posted an event urging people to `` strike back at all those under Disney and bring down the house of mouse 's actions for paying off the critics that hurt DC Comics on film and for other parties affected by them . ''
`` I 'll be making events like this for Infinity War and the Netflix shows etc so we can rally together to truly make a difference . Share this with your friends and all potential sympathizers , '' the post said , according to The Wrap .
In December , a self-professed member of the alt-right said they were launching coordinated attacks online because they took issue with the inclusion of more female characters in the `` Star Wars '' franchise and commented that characters Poe Dameron and Luke Skywalker are in danger of being “ turn [ ed ] ” gay , '' according to HuffPost .
While shutting down the coordinated effort on Facebook may help , Dana Benson , vice president of communications at Fandango , the parent company of Rotten Tomatoes , told NBC News in a statement that the site is being closely monitored for any activity that may cross into hate speech .
Mauro Icardi will miss Inter 's match at home to Crotone on Saturday through injury but new recruit Rafinha can expect to at least `` play a part '' , according to coach Luciano Spalletti .
Icardi has been a standout performer in Serie A this season and looks well on track to beat their personal best of 24 league goals in a single campaign , having already got 18 in 22 games .
🎙 | # Spalletti : `` @ MauroIcardi has not been selected and wo n't be taking part in tomorrow 's match . They hhavea muscle problem which they could 've recovered from but we were unsure . For this reason , we decided to be safe and not to create any further issues . # Emmers has been called up '' pic.twitter.com/JcGeS3ILqD — Inter ( @ Inter_en ) February 2 , 2018
But the Argentinian will have to sit out the visit of struggling Crotone to San Siro due to a muscle issue .
Bayern Munich loanee Rafinha faces no such problems , however , and the Brazilian will feature in some capacity , having made their debut against SPAL with a one-minute cameo off the bench .
`` Icardi is not available , '' Spalletti told reporters at their pre-match news conference .
`` He would like to play , even from home , but this is not possible . They have a muscle problem and we thought it was best not to risk him .
🎙 | # Spalletti : `` Usually we have @ MauroIcardi up front , but tomorrow there will be times when we wo n't know who 'll be in the box to finish . There will probably be about two or three players who we would n't expect . '' # InterCrotone pic.twitter.com/a0oAXXJFxY — Inter ( @ Inter_en ) February 2 , 2018
`` [ Belgian youngster Xian ] Emmers will be called up . As for what this will change , we will be missing a Capocannoniere , but Eder will take their place , '' they added , referring to Icardi 's status as a challenger for the title of Serie A 's top scorer this season .
`` He [ Eder ] can create spaces and link up well with the midfield . Tomorrow [ Saturday ] there will be times when we wo n't know who 'll be in the box to finish . There will probably be about two or three players who we would n't expect .
`` We must demonstrate the many qualities that we have here and look at those which have permitted us to be coaches and players at Inter .
`` We must move past this current spell and get back to our best . Rafinha will definitely play a part in the match . Rafinha is a top quality player . ''
VA 529 Program launches awareness campaign
| By
A “ Virginia 529 ” awareness campaign that promotes saving plans for higher education started yesterday – on 5-29 of course – and continues through tomorrow . Its more flexible than you think , as WFIR 's Gene Marrano reports :
5-30 VA 529 Wrap # 2-WEB
Get the Better newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
“ I 'm surprised you 're not losing more weight . ”
“ Why do you think you 're struggling so much ? ”
“ Really , only 25 pounds ? ”
“ Are n't you disappointed ? ”
I ca n't tell you how many times I 've heard some variation of this line of questioning in recent weeks . As I passed the halfway point of my year-long project to adhere to the federal Physical Activity Guidelines and Dietary Guidelines , with the support of the American Council on Exercise , many friends and family members were checking in on my progress .
“ So , how are you doing so far ? ” they ask .
“ I 'm feeling great , ” I say . “ I 've never done this much exercise without suffering an injury before . I 've never eaten this healthfully in my life . ”
“ But how much weight have you lost ? ” they ask , as if that 's all that matters .
“ I 've lost 25 pounds , ” I say happily .
That 's when I see the tight-lipped smile , a subtle tilt of the head and then one of the questions listed above .
It 's as if losing 25 pounds in 26 weeks is a sign that I 'm not doing enough .
Combatting a Culture of Quick Fixes
People have grown so accustomed to quick-fix weight-loss plans that losing a pound a week is viewed as “ too slow ” or somehow disappointing . Most experts agree that losing 1 to 2 pounds per week is the recipe for long-term weight management . Anything faster than that seems to increase the potential for weight re-gain , with many people gaining even more weight than they lost .
The problem lies in the types of lifestyle changes people need to make in order to lose weight quickly . Consider the Whole30 plan , which is essentially an elimination diet that calls for a month-long commitment — no cheat meals , no indulgences . People following the Whole30 plan avoid grains , sugar , dairy , alcohol and legumes in an effort to focus on whole , simple foods . ( I 'm not sure why grains and legumes are not considered “ whole ” or “ simple ! ” ) .
Most experts agree that losing 1 to 2 pounds per week is the recipe for long-term weight management . Most experts agree that losing 1 to 2 pounds per week is the recipe for long-term weight management .
One night at a local brew pub , I was sitting with my friend , who was somewhere around day 10 of the Whole30 . Meanwhile , I was in the early weeks of The Lifestyle Project . As I enjoyed the house-made lager and a grilled chicken sandwich from the food truck parked outside , they were sipping a glass of water and eating a salad with no dressing that the food truck owner threw together at their request .
They were giving me some grief about how I 'm never going to lose any weight eating sandwiches and drinking beer instead of doing something extreme like the Whole30 . In the same breath , they were grumbling about how miserable they were and explaining that they and their wife do the Whole30 for one month each year in an effort to improve their health and lose weight . They typically lose between 20 and 30 pounds during the month .
“ What happens the other 11 months ? ” I asked .
“ I do n't follow any plan at all , ” they said proudly . “ I always gain the weight back in the month or two after we do it , but it 's an opportunity to test ourselves and live clean for a month . ”
I 'm not a nutritionist , dietitian or health coach , but this seems absurd . My friend enters this month every spring fully aware of the fact that the change in their lifestyle is going to make them miserable , is completely unsustainable and will not drive long-lasting results . Meanwhile , he 's telling me that my plan is inadequate because it allows me to commit the sin of drinking a beer or two and eating a sandwich on a night out with friends .
I do n't mean to single out the Whole30 plan , which has thousands of devoted fans . It 's just that any eating plan that is based on the elimination of certain foods ( particularly foods you love ) is , in my opinion , not practical as a means of lifelong lifestyle change .
People who struggle with their weight , myself included , are often desperate for help and willing to grab onto anything that promises results — especially quick results . The truth is , I could lose weight more quickly if I pushed myself to eliminate all “ extra ” calories from my diet . I also know that I do n't want to live that way for the long-term . What I 'm working so hard to do is learn how to live a healthier , more well-rounded lifestyle that I can sustain even after The Lifestyle Project is over .
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift 's favor Monday , delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether they were groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet . Wanting the trial to serve as an `` example to other women , '' the star had sought a single dollar in damages , which they were granted .
In their closing statements , Swift 's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped their suit could be for others in similar situations `` by returning a verdict on Ms . Swift 's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar , the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation . ''
In their own closing arguments , David Mueller 's attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why their client would introduce themselves by name and then almost immediately after , reach under the skirt of `` one of the planet 's , one of the country 's , the biggest superstars ? ''
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller .
Late this past Friday , a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller , saying they had not proved Swift had set out to get them fired .
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after their own suit was filed in 2015 , leading to the Denver trial , which began jury selection last Monday . Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet .
By Friday , most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Swift herself , who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller 's attorney . Asked about Mueller 's firing , Swift responded : `` I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is any way my fault , because it is n't . ''
Do n't panic ! Trixie will take a break from Nonnatus House so that Helen George can have their baby – but she 'll be back
It 's impossible not to be moved by Call the Midwife ‘ s Nurse Trixie Franklin 's emotional vulnerability at the end of episode five as they admit to themselves – and to their friends , and to their boss – that they are in deep trouble .
Advertisement
Devastated by a difficult decision they had to make to take three children away from their mother because of their Huntington 's Disease , and by their recent break-up with Christopher , Helen George 's character Trixie has relapsed into alcoholism .
After drinking sherry with their patients and secretly swigging vodka in the bathroom and skipping their support group meetings , Nurse Franklin reaches breaking point and approaches Sister Julienne ( Jenny Agutter ) to say they need help . The head Sister thanks them for their honesty and tells them to go away for six months of treatment – and return to Nonnatus House when they have recovered .
Will Helen George return to Call the Midwife ?
Call the Midwife fans may be concerned that she 'll never come back . After all , actor Bryony Hannah opted not to return for series seven after their character Sister Mary Cynthia went away to a mental hospital in series six .
But not to worry , because Helen George is absolutely returning to Call the Midwife !
In case you 've not noticed the bump beneath Trixie 's blue dress and the midwife 's sudden desire to wear baggy capes and carry large objects directly in front of their stomach , Helen George was actually pregnant during filming . They carried on working until the bump could n't be hidden any more . Baby Wren , their daughter with co-star Jack Ashton , arrived three weeks early in September .
With Trixie sent off to recover , episode five will contain their final scenes before the actor themselves had to go on maternity leave . But this is definitely not the last we will see of them on Call the Midwife .
“ Helen was able to graciously retire – they just had a couple of episodes off , ” creator Heidi Thomas revealed at a screening in London before Christmas . “ But we were working towards that . ”
George explained : “ I was pregnant in the series , so you just kind of see me walk across the screen sometimes with odd fashions , or I 'd sit down a lot , or I 'm wearing lots of capes .
Advertisement
“ It was n't a correct storyline to choose for the character , as well . It was n't right for Trixie to be pregnant . So we just did our best to cover it up . ”
Saklakova/ShutterstockWhen you picture drug addicts , you probably do n't conjure images of middle-aged women . But that 's exactly who is most likely to be prescribed opioids , and that initial Rx sets them up for addiction , according to a recent study sponsored by Pacira Pharaceuticals Inc. ( Here 's what your doctor might not tell you about pain medication . ) These facts are alarming , especially considering the nation 's current opioid addiction epidemic . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 91 Americans die every day due to an opioid overdose . As you might recall , the White House has declared the opioid crisis a national emergency .
“ We now know that overdoses from prescription opioids are a driving factor in the 15-year increase in opioid overdose deaths , ” the CDC said in a statement . The amount of prescription opioids sold to pharmacies , hospitals , and doctors ' offices nearly quadrupled from 1999 to 2010 , the agency notes , yet there had not been an overall change in the amount of pain that Americans reported . Deaths from prescription opioids—drugs like oxycodone , hydrocodone , and methadone—have more than quadrupled since 1999 .
The study , which looked at data from 600 private hospitals and over 78,000 patients , focused on those most affected by the opioid epidemic—women ages 40 to 59 . This demographic has the highest death rate from opioid drugs , according to the report .
Part of the problem is that this group is likely to undergo surgeries—including for hernia , total knee replacement , colectomy , hysterectomy , total hip replacement , sleeve gastrectomy , and rotator cuff surgery—and surgery has been shown to be a “ gateway to persistent opioid use and potential misuse , ” according to the study authors . In fact , women prescribed painkillers after surgery were 40 percent more likely than men to become persistent opioid users , according to the findings . Surgery-related overprescribing results in 3.3 billion unused pills , which become available for misuse , per the study . In fact , nearly three million patients in 2016 who underwent surgery continued taking opioids beyond their post-surgical recovery period .
It 's not surprising that women are prescribed painkillers more often than men , because women and men experience pain differently . ( Here are more medical conditions that strike the sexes differently . ) According to sciencedaily.com , women are more sensitive to pain due to the fact that they have more nerve receptors to register the sensation . If you are going to take painkillers , especially opioids , here are 13 questions to ask your doctor before taking pain medication .
And before heading off the pharmacy to fill the prescription , consider trying these two mind-body techniques proven to treat pain .
The Minister for Foreign Affairs has told the Northern Secretary that Irish people have high level of concern about Brexit and want the border to remain invisible .
Minister Charlie Flanagan met with James Brokenshire in Dublin today .
The Northern Secretary also met business leaders , including figures from the electricity market and the tourism industry .
In an interview with RTÉ News they said it was too early to talk about Britain policing any customs checks that might be imposed on goods crossing the border .
They said : `` I 'm here in Dublin to continue discussions with the Irish Government following on from the meeting between the Prime Minister and the Taoiseach two weeks ago . ''
They said there was a `` shared intent of both Governments to respond around the issues regarding Brexit and particularly the border - where we want to see that seamless , frictionless border continuing into the future . ''
Following their meeting the Mr Flanagan said : `` I stressed upon the Secretary of State the very high level of concern , indeed , anxiety on the part of many people about the unique circumstances on the island of Ireland and the need to ensure that the border north and south remains invisible . ”
LONDON — As survivors and distraught relatives comforted each other in the shadow of the London high-rise fire , a stream of donated supplies was delivered to the diverse and densely-packed neighborhood .
At mosques , churches and on sidewalks , well-wishers and local store owners added to ever-expanding piles of water bottles , toiletries , snacks , and clothes .
Local store owners and volunteers sorting donations on Thursday . PAUL HACKETT / Reuters
Masks were handed out to protect against the falling ash from the deadly blaze at Grenfell Tower , which killed at least 12 people and left many more missing .
Outside the Al Manaar Muslim Cultural Heritage Centre , residents and volunteers brought bags of blankets , diapers , water and more .
“ Brothers , form a train , ” shouted Ibrahim Bangali , who was organizing the many volunteers taking bags off people dropping by on foot and waiting to help unload the cars . “ Learn each other 's names , you 're not robots . ”
Islamic Relief , a non-profit that works closely with the local community , helped to coordinate efforts at the center .
Muslim volunteers brought supplies to local churches . Jack Taylor / Getty Images
“ We 've committed a [ $ 12,500 ] donation so far but I think that will rise as we know what the needs are , ” said Zia Salik , national fundraising manager for Islamic Relief UK . “ There 's a real sense of the community wanting to respond . ”
Donations quickly filled two rooms set aside in the center on Wednesday . On one side , women sorted through hundreds of bags of clothing , while on the other young men brought in packs of bottled water and groceries .
What started out as one plastic folding table filled with food quickly grew to half a dozen , as local workers and residents arrived with pastries , sandwiches , drinks , cribs and high chairs .
Related : Baby Dropped , Caught as High Rise Burns
In the center 's kitchen , women packed up hot food donated by a local restaurant to be sent on to fire victims staying at local churches .
Many of Grenfell Tower 's residents were regular attendees at the mosque , which hosts iftar — the fast-breaking nightly meal during Ramadan — for around 300 people .
When the inferno took hold early Wednesday , many local Muslims were still awake and eating suhoor — their last meal before dawn — and ran toward the fire to see how they could help .
Reem Abdul , 22 , saw friends posting about the fire on Snapchat at about 1:30 a.m. local time ( 8:30 a.m . ET ) They headed down to a local church with a friend to distribute water to victims . Later , Abdul went home and gathered more supplies to donate including shampoo , toiletries , baby milk and their baby nephew 's old clothing .
At the Rugby Portobello Trust community center , relatives gathered for news about family and friends missing in the fire-ravaged tower while more volunteers distributed sandwiches and potato chips from nearby supermarkets .
The community responded generously in response to pleas for help . Carl Court / Getty Images
“ This is a real close area . Everyone knows everyone , ” said Hannah Wiggins , 19 , who lives nearby . “ We all stick together . As soon as I heard we came down to donate things — [ diapers ] , tinned food , clothing . Everyone is just hanging out here because if they tell us someone needs something then we will run to get it for them . ''
Later Wednesday , almost 24 hours after the fire , volunteers prepared a huge iftar in the street for displaced residents and emergency workers .
Pop singer Adele also visited the scene of the blaze .
Underneath the subway tracks that run parallel to the tower , the Garden Bar opened its doors for firefighters and police , providing water and food .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed London High-Rise Fire : Why Residents Decided to 'Stay Put ' 0:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Alan Everett , the vicar of the local Parish of St. Clement and St. James , said their church had hosted dozens of survivors and evacuated residents .
`` We have really been overwhelmed by the number of people that have come to help and show kindness , '' they said . `` We are trying to offer them some comfort as best we can . ''
Along ash-covered sidewalks near the Latymer Christian Centre , tables were piled high with more food and clothing .
AUSTIN , Texas — The Austin police chief said Friday that a Ford Explorer SUV that the automaker repaired for a return to service with their department actually does n't appear to have had exhaust containing carbon monoxide seeping into it — despite theirs saying earlier that it did .
Interim Police Chief Brian Manley said previously that during a test of three SUVs repaired by Ford Motor Company , one tested positive for carbon monoxide . But Manley told The Austin American-Statesman hours later that additional testing revealed alarms may have activated for some other reason , meaning their original assertions were a likely false alarm .
“ We do not believe this issue is a Ford issue or related to the repairs they have done , ” Manley told The Statesman . That is consistent with Ford , which responded to Manley 's earlier comments by defending its repairs and saying it has yet to receive all the details about the reported new problem .
Ford spokesperson Elizabeth Weigandt said Friday in an earlier emailed statement that , “ Ford was not provided with information on the levels of CO detected but we are ready to inspect any vehicle . ”
They also said the automaker has “ been happy to collaborate with ” Austin police on repairs and added : “ The methods and parts we 've utilized to repair Austin 's vehicles have worked well to address the concern . ”
Austin police pulled nearly 400 Explorers off patrol in July because of carbon monoxide concerns . Police departments across the country use Explorers and several also took them out of service .
Ford has previously blamed the issue on non-factory outfitters that drill holes into police SUVs to install extra equipment like lights and radios .
——
Information from : Austin American-Statesman , http : //www.statesman.com
Indian American lawyer Kashyap `` Kash '' Patel is the author of the controversial Republican memo critical of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) and some Justice Department officials that is roiling the American political landscape . The memo prepared on behalf of the Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee was made public on Friday after Trump cleared its release despite opposition from the FBI and the Democrats . Patel is on the staff of Representative Devin Nunes , the Republican who is chairperson of the committee .
Indian American lawyer Kashyap “ Kash ” Patel is the author of the controversial Republican memo critical of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) and some Justice Department officials that is roiling the American political landscape , according to media reports . Patel drafted the document that asserts that there were improprieties in the FBI probe into alleged connections between President Donald Trump 's campaign and the Russian government . The memo prepared on behalf of the Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee was made public on Friday after Trump cleared its release despite opposition from the FBI and the Democrats .
Patel is on the staff of Representative Devin Nunes , the Republican who is chairperson of the committee . Quoting sources according “ familiar with the memo , ” Daily Beast said that Patel “ read the highly classified intelligence it 's based on ( something the Justice Department indicates Nunes has not done ) , drafted the memo , and then dealt with FBI and Justice Department efforts to keep it from being released to the public. ” They formerly worked for the National Security Division of the Justice Department , s National Security Division as a counter-terrorism prosecuter , Daily Beast reported .
They joined the committee as a senior counter-terrorism counsel last April . The crux of the Republcian memo is the allegation that the FBI relied on investigations of Trump that was paid for by the Democratic National Committee and lawyers linked to Hillary Clinton 's campaign when applying to a court for permission to wiretap a Trump adviser , Carter Page , and that the FBI did not disclose this fact to the judge . The anti-Trump dossier was prepared by Christopher Steele , who is described as former British intelligence employee . It was initially commissioned by a right-wing website that was against Trump , but dropped it later and the Democrats then commissioned it .
The memo also alleged that Steele as well as some FBI staffers were anti-Trump and that the wife of Bruce Ohr , a former associate deputy attorney general , worked for FusionGPS , the company through which Steele worked . The Democrats , who have prepared a counter memo , have said the Republican document is an attempt to wreck the image of the FBI and derail the Russia investigation .
They maintain that the FBI and the courts did not rely on the controversial dossier to get the wiretap approved and that the FBI and Justice Department officials were being smeared . Patel had made news in 2016 while working for the Justice Department by not wearing a tie while appearing in a federal court . During a terrorism trial , Patel appeared informally dressed as they had just landed there from Central Asia , abovethelaw.com , reported . Judge Lynn Hughes admonished them for the way they were dressed and demanded to see their passport .
Using Hurricane Katrina in August 2005 as a benchmark , Mr. O'Sullivan said they expected payroll gains to bounce back by the end of the year . “ That was pretty much a two-month story at the time , ” they said . Payroll gains had averaged 249,000 in the six months before Katrina . After New Orleans found itself underwater , employment gains averaged 76,000 over the next couple of months before rebounding to 341,000 in November 2005 .
( Although Hurricane Maria also devastated Puerto Rico in September , the survey of employers that the Bureau of Labor Statistics uses to calculate monthly payroll gains does not include the island . )
The View From Washington
President Trump has been calling attention to the economy 's successes , tweeting on Thursday , “ Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high ! Unemployment lowest in 16 years ! ” and saying last week that the Republicans ' proposed tax cuts would provide “ rocket fuel for our economy . ”
Stock market indexes have indeed set records in recent days . But much of the evidence cited by Mr. Trump refers to measures that they dismissed as fake before they were elected . And sentiment about the economy 's health often reflects partisan leanings as much as money in the bank . Republicans credit Mr. Trump , while Democrats say the Obama administration is responsible for the economy 's continuing strength .
As far as the labor market numbers go , the jobless rate , measuring unemployment among those actively in the work force , is down from the 4.8 percent mark posted in January . And although average monthly job growth has slowed from 209,000 in 2016 , economists are impressed by the labor market 's hardiness more than eight years into the recovery .
Robert Frick , corporate economist with Navy Federal Credit Union , said they expected job gains to continue . “ There is still quite a lot of slack in the labor force , ” Mr. Frick said , adding that they expect the job market to show strength .
The Wage Outlook
With the jobless rate remaining low , economists — not to mention workers — are focused on wage increases , which have meandered along at an annual gain of just 2.5 percent for most of this year . Although the Census Bureau last month reported a jump in annual incomes across a wide spectrum , households with incomes below the median are still worse off than they were in 2000 .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There are signs that the labor shortage is nudging up wages in some places . Target announced last month that it was increasing its base hourly pay by $ 1 , to $ 11 — higher than or equal to the minimum wage in every state . While workers are waiting for faster wage growth , Wall Street and the Federal Reserve are looking for signs that the economy is heating up and inflation lurks .
Amy Glaser , senior vice president of Adecco Staffing , said employers they worked with were raising wages and tapping into less common employee pools like retirees , stay-at-home moms and people with disabilities . Employers are also trying to generate and educate their own work forces by offering more paid internships and apprenticeships . Others are shortening the interview cycle to improve their chances .
“ There is a need for speed , ” Ms. Glaser said . “ Whoever gets to a candidate first is well positioned . ”
Adecco is using automated technology to speed up its hiring process , Ms. Glaser said . Previously , applicants who reached out after office hours had to wait until the next day to schedule an appointment , but now , they said , “ if you apply at 9 p.m. at night , our computer is scheduling their appointment for the next day if they pass pre-screening . ”
Ms. Glaser said they expected wages to rise further , saying some of their clients were thinking about raising hourly wages as much as 20 to 40 percent during the peak holiday season and early 2018 . Employers are also pushing to retain the employees they have — for example , by offering more bonuses for e-commerce and other seasonal workers who stay through the holidays .
Photo
Who 's Hiring
Radial , the second-largest direct-to-consumer e-commerce company behind Amazon , is hiring 27,000 people to work through mid-January in its 25 warehouses around the country . Even as brick-and-mortar retail is suffering significant losses , e-commerce continues to thrive .
“ We 're hiring 35 percent , or 7,000 , more people than we did last year , ” said Stefan Weitz , Radial 's executive vice president for technology services . “ It 's very competitive . A lot of logistics companies have operations in similar areas because of the proximity to air and ground transport . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The hourly wage offered is $ 12 to $ 16 , depending on the location , Mr. Weitz said . And in some places , the company supplies free buses to transport people who live as far as two hours away . ( The company has 7,000 full-time employees who work year round . )
At the upper end of the labor market , the competition for highly skilled workers is intense . Bryan Leach , founder of Ibotta , a Denver company offering a mobile shopping app , said they had hired more than 100 people this year , including engineers , product managers and data scientists , mostly at six-figure salaries .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ We are hiring national search firms to shop for talent in the coasts , ” in addition to seven in-house recruiters , Mr. Leach said . The company has also helped sponsor billboards in San Francisco promoting the benefits of living in Denver and offered $ 1,000 to employees who refer a friend who is hired .
The Weak Spots
Despite the scramble for workers , the labor market harbors stubborn weak spots . Many of the jobs that are available are at the lower end of the pay scale and do n't offer long-term stability — like the seasonal ones at Radial .
For some workers , those jobs have limited appeal . The share of adults who are in the work force remains at historic lows , and many workers who dropped out or failed to find an entry point during the recession are still on the sidelines . At this point , much of the decline in labor force participation rates can be attributed to baby boomers who are retiring and younger workers who are staying in school to get more skills , said Alan B. Krueger , an economist at Princeton University . More troubling are the numbers of people in their prime working ages — 25 to 54 — who are out of the work force .
About half of the men in that age group take pain medication daily , Mr. Krueger said . And the places with the highest level of opioid prescriptions are also the ones where participation has fallen the most . Mr. Krueger blames the opioid epidemic for about 20 percent of the decline in the men 's participation rate .
Betsey Stevenson , an economist at the University of Michigan and a former economic adviser to President Barack Obama , noted that this group 's involvement in the labor force had dropped in 2017 .
“ Trump promised to get these guys back to work , ” they said . “ Since they took office , prime-age male labor force participation has fallen by half a percentage point . ”
The share of women 25 to 54 in the labor force has also fallen since 1999 , but the accelerated slide that began after the recession has halted .
“ It seems like the trend of men 's participation falling during a recession and not fully recovering is holding , whereas women 's participation is recovering , ” Ms. Stevenson said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Improved benefits — like paid maternity leave and better child care , strategies that have proved very effective in other advanced industrial nations — could further pump up those numbers , they added .
While prospects for men who ended their education after high school have been particularly bleak , Dean Baker , a co-director of the liberal Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington , noted some improvement among their female counterparts .
“ Interestingly , the pickup is mostly among prime-age women without college degrees , ” they said . “ Of course , less-educated women are starting from a lower initial level , but to me this suggests that many of the previous nonemployed are very much interested in working . ”
Nigel Lindsay 's future Prime Minister has a difficult relationship with Jenna Coleman 's Queen Victoria – but how true to life is the storyline ?
Recent episodes of ITV historical drama Victoria have given us a better look at Nigel Lindsay 's Tory leader Sir Robert Peel , a political giant soon to become a significant figure in Victoria 's reign .
Advertisement
But who was Sir Robert in real life , how did they come to power and what was their relationship like with the real version of Jenna Coleman 's monarch and Tom Hughes ' Prince Albert ?
Read on to find out…
Early life and career
A portrait of the real Sir Robert Peel
Peel was born in Lancashire to industrialist and MP Sir Robert Peel senior , and was educated at Harrow and Oxford University . After studying law they entered Parliament as an MP aged 21 in 1809 , elected in the “ rotten borough ” ( ie a small constituency with barely anyone living there , which allowed someone to become a full MP with fewer votes ) of Cashel , Tipperary in Ireland , then under British rule .
After a few small-time jobs in the Tory governments over the years , Peel became Home Secretary in 1822 , where they famously established the Metropolitan Police Force for London and reformed criminal law to reduce the number of offences punishable by death and educate prisoners ( among other policies ) . Peel 's police force became the model for departments all around the country , with police officers nicknamed “ peelers ” or “ Bobbies ” after them for years afterwards .
In 1834 , three years before the events of Victoria , Peel became Prime Minister of a minority Tory government , though their government struggled to pass legislation against the majority of the rival Whig party and eventually resigned in frustration after just 100 days or so in power .
Lord Melbourne ( played by Rufus Sewell in the series ) and the Whig party took power back in 1835 , leaving Peel as the leader of the opposition party as he 's found when the TV series begins .
The Bedchamber crisis
Nigel Lindsay as Sir Robert in ITV 's Victoria
As seen in episode two of Victoria , in 1839 Peel was offered the chance to form a government by Queen Victoria , but fell foul of the monarch after asking them to replace Whig members of their household with Tory equivalents . Victoria refused to dismiss their female friends ( many of whom were married or related to Whig ministers and MPs ) , so Peel in turn refused to form a government and the Whigs ( led by Lord Melbourne ) returned to power .
Becoming Prime Minister
A couple of years after the Bedchamber crisis , Sir Robert was given another chance to lead a government after Lord Melbourne lost two votes of no confidence and resigned from office .
In their time as Prime Minister , Peel brokered several reforms to the financial and manufacturing industries , including limiting the number of hours women and children could work and raising safety standard in factories .
Peel also managed to repeal the Corn Laws , which restricted grain imports from abroad in order to support local British farming , after the Irish famine left many in the country starving to death .
Sir Robert and Queen Victoria
Victoria depicts the young queen as not being overly fond of Peel , which is drawn from real life – when they first met the politician they apparently found them awkward and difficult to talk to , with irritating personal habits , which did n't help their case when they asked them to make household changes in 1839 .
However , when Lord Melbourne finally stepped down as Prime Minister and Peel took up the job , Victoria 's opinion of Sir Robert began to change , largely thanks to husband Prince Albert 's high opinion of the Tory leader .
Over the years the pair worked well together , with Peel following secondhand advice from Lord Melbourne about how to deal with Victoria and having them eventually come to trust him .
When Sir Robert died in 1850 the Queen lamented the loss of “ a kind and true friend ” , describing them as “ worthy Peel , a man of unbounded loyalty , courage , patriotism and high-mindedness ” .
Sir Robert and Prince Albert
As depicted in the ITV series , Peel and Prince Albert seemed to get on well in real life , with Albert 's admiration for the Tory leader persuading Queen Victoria to soften their previously-hostile attitude towards him .
Later , Albert also showed support for Peel 's various political reforms around child labour and free trade , though was criticised by rival MPs for attending the 1846 Corn Laws debate ( see below ) in the House of Commons to tacitly demonstrate their approval of Peel 's repeals .
Assassination attempt
In 1843 Peel had an early brush with death , when a mentally ill Scottish woodsman called Daniel M'Naghten ( above ) stalked them for days before making a move on Peel 's life . However , M'Naghten ended up accidentally killing Peel 's personal secretary Edward Drummond instead , leaving the Prime Minister free to continue in their position for another three years .
Downfall
Unfortunately Peel 's repealing of the Corn Laws ( see above ) proved unpopular with their own party , forcing them to team up with MPs from the Whig and Radical parties to get their repeal bill passed in 1846 . On the same day another bill from Peel called The Irish Coercion Bill ( intended to restore law and order to Ireland ) was defeated in the House of Commons , and Peel resigned from their position .
Advertisement
Effectively , repealing the Corn Laws cost Peel their premiership , which most historians agree Peel knew would happen – though some think it was less to do with humanitarian principles , and more to do with Peel 's ideological belief in free trade without import restrictions .
PARIS — With their futures uncertain , winger Angel Di Maria and midfielder Javier Pastore scored as French leader Paris Saint-Germain beat Lille 3-1 on Saturday .
Teen star Kylian Mbappe sealed the win in the third minute of injury time after Lille striker Anwar El Ghazi pounced in the 86th minute to ensure a nervous finish .
PSG likely needs to sell players after splashing out 402 million euros ( $ 473 million ) on forwards Neymar and Mbappe . That led to Qatari-owned PSG being placed under investigation by UEFA for potential breaches of Financial Fair Play rules . PSG is under pressure to sell in the January transfer window to balance the books .
Di Maria and Pastore have been in and out of the side and are considered among the leading candidates to leave . PSG turned down Barcelona 's offer for Di Maria right at the end of the summer transfer window .
“ They have n't told me that they want to leave , ” PSG coach Unai Emery said .
The win kept PSG nine points clear of defending champion Monaco , which rallied from 2-0 down to beat Troyes 3-2 at home .
PSG lost its unbeaten record last week , losing at Strasbourg 2-1 and then at Bayern Munich 3-1 in the Champions League . They were PSG 's first consecutive defeats since December 2014 and increased speculation that Emery could be replaced .
“ We needed this win to get our rhythm and confidence back , ” PSG centre half Presnel Kimpembe said . “ Criticism is normal in football . But everyone 's used to it here . ”
Midfielder Marco Verratti said the players were backing Emery .
“ He 's doing a good job , ” Verratti said .
Lille came into the match having won its past two games following a terrible start that led to coach Marcelo Bielsa being sacked .
After a sluggish start at Parc des Princes , the home side took the lead in the 28th minute when Pastore played Mbappe in behind the defence and their cross was headed home by Di Maria .
After halftime , Lille clumsily gave away possession trying to pass from the back , Edinson Cavani won the ball and found Di Maria , who fed Pastore for a neat finish .
El Ghazi replied after a poor pass from PSG centre half Marquinhos put their own defence in trouble .
Lille earned a corner in the last minute of injury time , and goalkeeper Mike Maignan rushed up to join their teammates . But the ball was hacked away and Mbappe sprinted through to score .
SUPER SUB
Striker Guido Carrillo came off the bench to rescue Monaco with two late goals against Troyes .
South Korea striker Suk Hyun-jun struck twice to put the visitors 2-0 up after 50 minutes .
After an own goal from defender Mathieu Deplagne gave Monaco a lifeline with 20 minutes remaining , Carrillo pounced with close-range finishes in the 84th and 88th .
It was a welcome win for Monaco , which this week went out of the group stages of the Champions League having reached the semifinals last season .
OTHER MATCHES
Montpellier still has the best defence in the league despite allowing Angers to draw 1-1 .
Veteran forward Jimmy Briand scored one and made won as Guingamp beat 10-man Dijon 4-0 at home to climb into ninth place .
Toulouse moved away from the relegation zone with a 2-0 home win against Caen , but Metz was rooted in last place after drawing with Rennes 1-1 at home .
SUNDAY 'S GAMES
Third-place Lyon travels to mid-table Amiens and fourth-place Marseille hosts floundering Saint-Etienne .
They are separated on goal difference and three points behind Monaco .
Also , fifth-place Nantes hosts Nice .
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) – The Jefferson County Teachers ' Association organized a rally bright and early Monday morning outside Atherton High School .
Teachers , parents and students united to send a message to Frankfort .
Cuts to education or teachers ' benefits are not an option , they say .
`` We show our dedication every single day of the week , '' Atherton teacher William Tucker said . `` We need everyone in Frankfort to keep their promises , the things they 've been telling us all of our careers that are guaranteed to us . ''
Added fellow teacher Michael Kluemper : `` I think it is super important to stand up for everybody who is a state worker , teacher , we are all in this together . We 've all put in together for this . ''
The group then held a walk-in , showing support for a state budget that funds public education , retirement security and healthcare for all educators .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
After 5 years with Samsung and LG , I moved to a Pixel 2 XL and ... nothing has changed
It 's often forgotten the role the GAA plays in passing on life skills to those who play its games and the positive impact that accrues from gaining such skills .
Up against sports like soccer and rugby , the GAA still has the community-based ethos . I know it 's a line that gets trotted out a lot , but it 's definitely something that brings people together . There is that pride that comes with wearing the local jersey . The townie team versus the country team .
In February , my club Moy won an All-Ireland intermediate level . The buzz around the village in the months from winning the Tyrone title to climbing the steps of the Hogan Stand at Croke Park was something that I had never experienced before and never expected to see .
It brought everybody together and the win gave us all a positive outlook on life . The body language was different , there was a collective pep in the step .
Even though Brexit is coming up and all the uncertainty around it , you just forget about those things . You have a successful team to follow .
When Tyrone were winning All-Irelands the build-up and the aftermath was something special . Those big days really brought people together , cheering on your own . It 's what the GAA is all about . It 's important the GAA maintains that community based ethos .
And while teams are more ‘ professional ' now in their overall preparation and approach , thankfully the core values remain the same . The connection to a club or county player is still there and it is a tangible link . If the next-door neighbour can succeed , so can I .
In the province of Ulster , that sense of togetherness is still there , though perhaps not as strong as it was some 30 years ago . Success can change things , that bit of jealousy seeing your rivals raising trophies aloft .
In the early 90s , Down ( twice ) , Donegal and Derry won All-Ireland titles . Every other county in the north was supporting them . It 's something unique to the northern counties and it 's something you do n't get in the other three provinces . Through the tough times of the troubles , our identity was even more important . To those looking on from over the border , we were often viewed as outcasts .
My own club is on the border with Armagh , but when Derry won the All-Ireland in '93 the villages was packed out for the Derry team on their way home . Tyrone looked on hoping some day it would be them . That day , thankfully did come .
I mentioned earlier life skills and it 's well documented the many advantages that you can take from the various battles on the field of play .
There are huge benefits for people as individuals in terms of what they can learn from playing team sports . The attributes that make you a good footballer or hurler - hard work and discipline - are things that stand to you in your work life .
I would like to think that football has taught me a fair bit in how to deal with situations . You play games of football and you are faced with a lot of adversity at times . You have to learn to overcome such adversity .
I know players at inter-county level have put their careers on hold because of their dedication to the game .
I would counterbalance that by saying that performing at a unique level teaches you a lot about the work-related environment .
Teams will sit down and set goals for the year and that 's something people at work will do on a regular basis .
It 's not surprising that businesses bring in sports people to provide insights into how you build a successful team .
So much of what they have to say is about maintaining discipline and the commitment to excel in whatever you do .
After winning my All-Irelands , I was on cloud nine . Life was great . Confidence was oozing out of every pore and dealing with the likes of the media was no problem .
My aim was always to try and reach my potential . You think you will never get to your potential , but you will always try to get as close as you can .
My motto was to aim for perfection and if I end up a wee bit short , well it 's not so far behind to leave you disappointed .
KUALA LUMPUR , Malaysia — A Malaysian official said Saturday that the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 by a U.S. company will likely end in June , as families of passengers marked the fourth anniversary of the plane 's disappearance with renewed hope that the world 's biggest aviation mystery will be solved .
Malaysia inked a “ no cure , no fee ” deal with Houston , Texas-based Ocean Infinity in January to resume the hunt for the plane , a year after the official search in the southern Indian Ocean by Malaysia , Australia and China was called off .
Ocean Infinity started the search on Jan. 22 and has 90 search days to look for the plane . Malaysia 's civil aviation chief , Azharuddin Abdul Rahman , said the 90-day term will spread over a few months because the search vessel has to refuel in Australia and bad weather could be a factor .
Azharuddin said the search is going smoothly and is expected to end by mid-June .
“ The whole world , including the next of kin , have ( new ) hope to find the plane for closure , ” they told reporters at a remembrance event at a shopping mall near Kuala Lumpur . “ For the aviation world , we want to know what exactly happened to the plane . ”
Officials have said there was an 85 per cent chance of finding the debris in a new 25,000-square-kilometre search area — roughly the size of Vermont — identified by experts .
If the mission is successful within three months , payment will be made based on the size of the area searched . Malaysia says it will pay Ocean Infinity $ 20 million for 5,000 square kilometres of a successful search , $ 30 million for 15,000 square kilometres , $ 50 million for 25,000 square kilometres and $ 70 million if the plane or flight recorders are found beyond the identified area .
The plane vanished March 8 , 2014 , while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board .
The official search was extremely difficult because no transmissions were received from the aircraft after its first 38 minutes of flight . Systems designed to automatically transmit the flight 's position failed to work after this point , according to a final report issued in January 2017 by the Australian Transport Safety Board .
Family members lit candles on a stage Saturday and observed a moment of silence during the three-hour event . Most are split over whether the search will be fruitful .
“ It does n't renew ( any hope ) because I also have to be realistic . It has been four years , ” said Intan Maizura Othman , whose husband was a flight attendant on the plane . They were pregnant when the plane disappeared and attended the event with their now four-year-old son .
Jiang Hui of China , whose mother was on board the plane , said that they were grateful for Ocean Infinity 's courage to mount the search , but that they hope it will not be the end if the mission fails . They proposed for a public fund to be set up to continue the search .
“ Without a search , there will be no truth , ” Jiang said .
Farknot Architect/Shutterstock
Caught a baking bug ? Good ! ( Get started with the perfect recipes for a fall bake sale . ) If you ca n't keep out of your kitchen , you now have a pretty good excuse : Baking has loads of psychological perks , experts say .
For starters , baking provides an opportunity for creativity and self-expression , which research shows increases overall well-being . “ Whether it 's painting or it 's making music [ or baking ] , there is a stress relief that people get from having some kind of outlet and a way to express themselves , ” associate professor of psychological and brain sciences at Boston University , Donna Pincus , told HuffPost .
It 's also a form of meditation and mindfulness , which means it forces you to focus on the present task . All of the activities involved for baking—measuring ingredients , following step-by-step instructions , and concentrating on smell and taste—require you to discard negative thoughts and be productive , instead . And in addition to being a good skill to learn , mindfulness has also been shown to relieve depression and mental illness . Try even more ways to sneak mindfulness into your everyday life .
Plus , giving away what you baked to someone else increases those feel-good vibes . Since baking is an act of giving and selflessness above all , it boosts your sense of meaning and connection with others .
“ The most benefits would accrue when you bake not to seek attention or to out-do others , but when you just want to share the food with people who you believe will appreciate it , ” Susan Whitbourne , professor of psychological and brain sciences at the University of Massachusetts , told HuffPost .
Of course , those who feel anxious and stressed while baking probably wo n't reap any of the positive benefits listed here . If that 's the case for you , find other activities that bring you a sense of joy and relaxation , such as exercise or reading a book . Psychologists agree : Baking should be enjoyable , or not done at all . Just make sure you 're not making these 12 disastrous baking mistakes that even the most experienced bakers make .
[ Source : HuffPost ]
Carrie Parsons , 31 , was a Seattle resident remembered as a `` one in a million friend , '' according to Laura Cooper and KOMO News in Seattle . They were an avid fan of country music singer Eric Church — one of the festival 's headliners — who she 'd seen more than 10 times .
Cooper , a close friend , learned from Parsons ' mother that their friend had been shot . `` I woke up and I thought 'is this real ? ' '' they told KOMO . `` 'Did this actually happen or is this just a bad nightmare ? ' No — it 's real — a senseless tragedy I ca n't make sense of . ''
Eight pilot whales stranded on a New Zealand beach south of one of the biggest mass strandings in the nation 's history apparently refloated themselves , the government said Wednesday local time .
The eight whales were discovered Tuesday afternoon local time south of Farewell Spit , where hundreds of whales became stranded Friday through Sunday . About 400 whales died , but about 200 refloated and were last seen out at sea , the Conservation Department said .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Dec. 11 : Rescuers Scramble to Save Dozens of Pilot Whales Off Remote Beach 1:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The eight whales discovered Tuesday were wetted down with water and apparently refloated overnight , the department said .
`` It was a huge local , national and global community effort , '' the charity group Project Jonah said Wednesday on Twitter . About 500 volunteers turned out to help , the Conservation Department said .
Around 650 whales were stranded in two different events over the weekend . The first , on Friday , involved about 416 pilot whales , 250 to 300 of which were dead when rescuers arrived , the Conservation Department said .
Volunteers caring for pilot whales Saturday during a mass stranding at Farewell Spit in New Zealand . Marty Melville / AFP - Getty Images
A second mass stranding involving about 240 whales occurred late Saturday between Puponga and Pakawau .
Friday 's stranding was the third-largest in New Zealand since authorities began collecting data in the 1800s , the Conservation Department said . In 1918 , 1,000 whales were stranded on the Chatham Islands , and 450 whales were stranded in Auckland in 1985 .
Police in the Denver suburb of Aurora are searching for a 6-year-old boy who has been missing since New Year 's Eve .
David Puckett was reported missing on Saturday night after apparently wandering off from their home .
Denver-area police agencies and volunteers searched for David on Saturday night and New Year 's Day with the help of a helicopter and a bloodhound . Police say they have wandered off in the recent past but was found with the help of the public .
Their mother , Stephanie Puckett , says they are n't dressed to be out overnight in the cold .
Authorities are also searching for 13-year-old Fabian Xavier Rosales , who vanished from the backyard of their Aurora home Sunday night .
Police say Fabian does n't have a history of running away . They do n't believe the cases are connected .
When the Tampa Bay Buccaneers signed Doug Martin to a $ 35.75 million contract last offseason , they figured to be set at running back for years to come . They were coming off of a terrific 2015 season and looked to be one of the top young backs in the NFL .
Unfortunately , their 2016 season was a complete disaster . They rushed for just 421 yards on 144 carries , battling injuries and a leave from the team late in the year to enter rehab .
Martin is facing a three-game suspension to start the 2017 season , and their future remains up in the air . However , they reported teaming workouts on Monday , which is a good sign for both the Bucs and himself .
“ [ Coach ] Dirk [ Koetter ] and I just very recently had a sitdown with him , a conversation with him , ” GM Jason Licht said . “ He looks great . They look , right now , as good as I 've seen them since I 've been here from a physical standpoint . Seemed to be in very good spirits . Excited to have him . Excited to see how they do out here in OTAs . ”
Icon Sportswire via Getty Images/©Icon Sportswire ( A Division of XML Team Solutions ) All Rights Reserved contact : info @ iconsportswire.com http : //iconsportswire.c
Martin entered rehab after violating the league 's substance abuse policy , but he 's since left the facility . As a result of the suspension , the Buccaneers could get out of their contract if they wanted to .
Rather than doing so , the team seems to be keeping them in its plans for 2017 . The fact that Licht is looking forward to seeing Martin at OTAs later this month is telling of their opinion of Martin .
Obviouisly , there 's no guarantee the Buccaneers will keep him , and their draft strategy at running back will be telling , but Martin appears to be relatively safe for now .
“ Seems like everything , the trajectory is going up , ” Licht said . “ We 've got 10 days here before the draft . Ca n't answer all questions in 10 days but , like I said , it 's just good to see them here . It 's good to see that he 's been working their butt off . ”
Martin has the potential to be a top-10 running back , rushing for 1,400 yards twice in their career , but their other three seasons have been abysmal . In those three years , he 's totaled just 1,371 yards .
Tipster extraordinaire Al M. reports that a new restaurant from the folks behind Koi Palace , Daly City 's extremely popular dim sum eatery , is poised to take over the former Waxman 's Restaurant which closed after just over a year in operation.Waxman 's later introduced a pop-up chicken joint in the space called JBird that shuttered shortly thereafter.The new spot , called Palette , is still in its early stages , said Al , with `` just a yellow department of Alcoholic Beverages Control notice of a title transfer on the window . '' Public records indicate the Type 47 license application , which allows for beer and wine sales , has been approved.Public records also indicate that several building permit applications are in `` triage '' status to determine compliance , including demolition and work to include the installation of partitions , fixtures , finishes and other equipment.While Koi Place currently has three Bay Area locations , including outposts in Milpitas and Dublin , the restaurant group has expanded its operations with the addition of Richmond District dim sum and hot pot spot , Dragon Beaux in 2015.Dragon Beaux general manager Dennis Leung -- who is overseeing operations at Palette -- confirmed to theearlier this month that the restaurant is still a long way off , as construction has yet to begin.There 's work to be done to better integrate the bar with the dining room , Leung said , and large tanks will be installed to showcase the restaurant 's selection of fresh seafood as well.As for the yet-to-be-determined menu , dim sum will still be the highlight , Leung said , but expect to see wok and barbecue stations joining the mix with dishes like wok-fired mussels and clams , along with grilled lobsters on the half-shell and a variety of skewers . A grab-and-go dim sum take-out component may be in the works , too.Thanks as always for the tip , Al ! Have you come across a new ( or closing ) restaurant ? Text your tip and a photo to 415-200-3233 , or email tips @ hoodline.com . If we use your info in a story , we 'll give you credit .
A member of Lincoln-based Nebraska Task Force One Urban Search and Rescue team takes pictures of the damage at a South Sioux city grain elevator on Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 . ( Courtesy of 10/11 Now )
SOUTH SIOUX CITY , Neb.– ( AP ) –Authorities are in a holding pattern , as they evaluate a grain elevator that had a gaping hole blown in it by an explosion Tuesday afternoon in South Sioux City .
At least two people were injured in the explosion , which was reported just before 1 p.m. in South Sioux City and forced authorities to evacuate nearby homes .
Three people were in the plant , and one person with burns was taken to a hospital . Another was injured but did not go to the hospital .
Two members of Nebraska 's Urban Search and Rescue Team , known as Task Force One , from Lincoln have responded to help with damage and structure assessments .
Task Force 1 is taking readings to see how much the building is leaning and said that while it 's currently stable , they can hear settling .
If the building would fall , authorities said they hope it falls the way it 's currently leaning , which would be into a vacant field . The other side is a residential area and has been evacuated for safety .
Michael Jackson Loafers from ‘ Motown 25 ' Rehearsal Up for Auction ( Pics ) – Eurweb.com
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) -- When cold weather sets in , keeping warm is essential for a good night 's sleep , but should you wear socks to sleep ? Experts say it depends .
Media reported that Japanese physicians had advised against wearing socks to sleep because the soles perspire actively to regulate body temperature , making socks wet and the body feel even colder . Moreover , they are against wearing socks to the bed also because they will impede blood circulation .
Kang Hung-ming ( 康宏銘 ) , director of family medicine at Taipei-based ReShining Clinic , said that the Japanese physicians ' theory is somewhat different from traditional knowledge . In principle , body parts wrapped inside clothing are easier to keep warm as the body heat would not dissipate easily . As a Chinese saying goes , “ When the limbs are kept warm , the body will be warm , ” Kang said .
However , even during a cold night , it 's not a good idea to go to bed wearing too much clothing , they said . The human body has a mechanism to modulate its need for energy , and the metabolism slows down during sleep ; therefore , it 's not necessary to wear too many clothes when sleeping , Kang said .
Comfort is the number one rule for bedtime dressing , and with a heater turned on , sleeping can be very comfortable without wearing much clothing , they said .
If you feel hot and have what feels like a swollen head after getting up , you could be suffering from symptoms of “ overheating , ” Kang said . Moreover , wearing too much clothing could make the body overheated during sleep , causing you to wake up and resulting in sleep deprivation the next day .
Chinese medicine doctor Wu Ming-chu said walking in the house without wearing socks makes body heat dissipate from the feet easily and that wearing socks can help prevent that from happening .
However , Wu recommended socks made of natural materials such as cotton and wool and advised against socks made of synthetic fabrics like nylons , which are usually tightly-fitting , flexible , and airtight . They said wearing socks made of synthetic materials to sleep will impede blood circulation and may cause numbness and tingling .
CLOSED
OPEN
Some Drug Stores : Click below for store locations that are open and their hours
Some Grocery Stores : Click below for store locations that are open and their hours :
News analysis
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS , W.Va. — No one knows how to run against House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi better than Rep. Steve Stivers , R-Ohio .
In 2010 , they made them the central figure in their campaign to win a rematch against then-Rep. Mary Jo Kilroy , who had defeated them by little more than 2,000 votes in 2008 .
`` Her record mirrors Pelosi 's , '' Stivers said back then . `` Really , my focus is going to be on Pelosi and Kilroy . ''
Across the country that year , anti-Pelosi ads were a fixture in Republican campaigns , and Stivers , who ended up winning Round 2 by a whopping 13 percentage points , became part of a first-year student class that delivered the House back into GOP hands after Pelosi 's four-year run as speaker .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pence : Trump and I will stand with GOP in 2018 0:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Now , as chairperson of the National Republican Congressional Committee , Stivers is charged with fending off a Democratic wave and keeping the GOP 's House majority in this year 's mid-term elections .
And he 's dusting off the old playbook .
`` Nancy Pelosi has stayed in the spotlight , '' Stivers explained said this week as they outlined the GOP 's fall campaign plan at a press conference on the sidelines of a congressional Republican retreat here .
The question is whether Pelosi is as toxic now , with Republicans in control of the White House and Congress , as they were then .
Republicans are certain that they are .
On Wednesday night , Vice President Mike Pence told Republicans here that Pelosi is “ out of touch with the American people ” because they described corporate bonuses of $ 1,000 as `` crumbs '' compared to the benefits the wealthy will receive under President Donald Trump 's signature tax cut .
The next day , in front of the same audience of House and Senate Republicans , Trump likened the remark to Hillary Clinton 's formulation that half of Trump 's 2016 campaign supporters were `` deplorables . ''
Some Democrats fear that the prospect of Pelosi taking the speaker 's gavel from Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wis. , will hurt their party 's chances in swing districts . Them approval ratings have hovered just below 30 percent . And Conor Lamb , the Democratic candidate running for the House in a western Pennsylvania special election next month , has said they would not vote for Pelosi to lead the party if he 's elected .
Conor Lamb reacts to winning the democratic nomination for District 18 Congressional representative inside Washington High School gymnasium , where the Pennsylvania District 18 Congressional nomination convention was being held in Washington , Pennsylvania on Nov. 19 , 2017 . Jeff Swensen / The Washington Post via Getty Images file
`` My take is , if these people have been around for several years and they have n't solved these problems that have been hanging around , it 's time for someone new to step up and get it done , '' Lamb said .
But Pelosi 's team says Republicans are n't living in the real world if they think a national campaign against them can overcome Trump 's poor approval ratings — he 's been below 40 percent in most polls — and the enthusiasm of Democratic voters .
`` While we appreciate the ability of Republicans to whip themselves into the delusion that they 're on offense , the herd of retiring Republican chairpeople stampeding out the door is bold evidence to the contrary , '' Pelosi spokesperson Drew Hammill said . `` No amount of petty and pathetic attacks will mask the lethal combination of a Republican Congress held captive to a special interest agenda and a president with historically abysmal approval ratings . ''
Facing the likelihood of a well-funded Democratic challenger , New Jersey Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen , the chairperson of the Appropriations Committee , announced this week that they wo n't run for re-election in a district he 's held since 1994 . Two days later , Rep. Trey Gowdy , R-S.C. , the chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , said they wo n't seek another term .
Pelosi 's right in noting that powerful GOP committee chairpeople are retiring in droves . Some of them , like Gowdy , represent solidly Republican districts . But others , like Frelinghuysen and Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce of California , are abandoning districts that could swing to Democrats in November .
Pelosi 's allies note that Ryan has poor approval ratings , suggesting that he 's as vulnerable to becoming an anchor for Republicans candidates as Pelosi is for Democrats . But , of course , Democrats are likely to focus more on Trump as they try to persuade Republican and independent voters that they will fight their agenda .
They 're emboldened by the fact that Republicans hold 23 districts in which Clinton defeated Trump in 2016 , as well as historical trends that suggest the out-of-power party will pick up seats in a mid-term election . And Democrats have won both dozens of competitive down-ballot campaigns in the last year and a few big races in recent months , including a Senate seat in Alabama and the governorships of Virginia and New Jersey .
They 're excited about the possibility of a wave election that returns them to power in the House .
But Stivers said the race to look at is last June 's special House election in the Atlanta suburbs , where Republican Karen Handel beat Democrat Jon Ossoff by about 3 percentage points . It was a close contest despite Republicans ' dominance in the district for decades .
While some Democrats took that as a sign of a rising wave of enthusiasm for their candidates , Stivers says it shows just how tough it will be for them to recapture control of the House . They then listed several of the 23 Clinton districts represented now by House Republican incumbents that are based in suburban areas similar to those of Handel 's district .
`` It is the kind of district that the Democratic majority runs through , '' they said .
After the Georgia election , Rep. Kathleen Rice , D-N.Y. , said Pelosi should step down in the interests of the party 's chances in this year 's midterm elections .
`` Her time has come and gone , '' Rice said on MSNBC . `` Do I think it 's fair that the Republican playbook over the last four election cycles has been attacking Nancy Pelosi and demonizing her ? No that 's not fair . But guess what , it works . They 're winning . ''
For the time being , however , the more-recent Democratic victories in special and off-year elections around the country appear to have quieted criticism of Pelosi from within their own caucus .
The challenge now for Republicans is to make enough noise about Pelosi to drown out Democrats ' anti-Trump messaging . That could be a tall order .
By DENNIS WASZAK Jr.AP Sports Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Darren Baker got scooped up by dad 's team again .
The son of Washington manager Dusty Baker was drafted by the Nationals in the 27th round of the Major League Baseball draft Wednesday - 15 years after they first made headlines on the baseball diamond .
The younger Baker , now an 18-year-old shortstop at Jesuit High School in California , was just 3 when they were a bat boy for the San Francisco Giants , managed by their father , in the 2002 World Series . During Game 5 against the Angels , Darren Baker had run to the plate to pick up a bat when J.T . Snow scored - and David Bell was flying down the third-base line and heading home .
Snow quickly plucked Baker out of the way , a moment that instantly became a part of World Series lore .
The three-day draft concludes Wednesday night .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
CHICAGO ( AP ) _ United Continental Holdings Inc. ( UAL ) on Monday reported first-quarter profit of $ 96 million .
Continue Reading Below
The Chicago-based company said it had profit of 31 cents per share . Earnings , adjusted for non-recurring costs , came to 41 cents per share .
The results topped Wall Street expectations . The average estimate of nine analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 37 cents per share .
The airline posted revenue of $ 8.42 billion in the period , also surpassing Street forecasts . Four analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $ 8.36 billion .
United shares have declined roughly 3 percent since the beginning of the year . In the final minutes of trading on Monday , shares hit $ 70.77 , a rise of 25 percent in the last 12 months .
_____
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
This story was generated by Automated Insights ( http : //automatedinsights.com/ap ) using data from Zacks Investment Research . Access a Zacks stock report on UAL at https : //www.zacks.com/ap/UAL
WINSTON-SALEM , N.C. — The 20th-ranked Clemson Tigers needed to protect a pair of foul-plagued defenders from the whistles , and had to cool down the Wake Forest shooters who kept their team in the game .
Coach Brad Brownell 's little-used zone defence accomplished both things .
Gabe DeVoe scored 24 points and Clemson beat Wake Forest 75-67 on Saturday .
“ They could n't figure it out , ” DeVoe said of the reaction to the zone by the Demon Deacons — who went 5 minutes between field goals down the stretch .
Marcquise Reed added 10 of their 22 in the final six minutes to help the Tigers ( 19-4 , 8-3 ) win their third straight and claim sole possession of second place in the league standings , a half-game ahead of No . 4 Duke .
DeVoe described their teammates as “ super-confident ” because “ we 've got a lot of older guys who have been in this situation before , and that helps us out a lot . Down the stretch , just staying calm under pressure , making shots on the offensive end and getting stops on the defensive end . ”
Bryant Crawford scored 16 points and Keyshawn Woods added 13 for the Demon Deacons ( 9-14 , 2-9 ) , who ultimately lost control of a tight game that had 20 lead changes and 12 ties .
“ I guess we were n't mentally dialed in down the stretch , ” Woods said . “ The zone messed us up . ”
Reed put the Tigers ahead to stay with a free throw with 3:39 to play , and their jumper with about 90 seconds left put Clemson up 69-65 — the first time since early in the second half that the margin was greater than one possession either way .
Doral Moore added 13 rebounds for the Demon Deacons . Shelton Mitchell finished with 10 points for the Tigers .
BIG PICTURE
Clemson : The Tigers did enough to sidestep a letdown that could have come following their victory over No . 19 North Carolina five nights earlier . The result was a leg up on the rest of the conference in the race for second in the ACC behind No . 2 Virginia , which has at least a three-game lead on everyone else .
Wake Forest : This one will go on the lengthy list of ones that got away for the Demon Deacons — who also struggled down the stretch in losses to Tennessee , North Carolina and N.C. State . They missed nine of their final 10 shots in this one — including all five 3s they took in that stretch — after making 11 of their first 24 attempts of the second half .
STAR WATCH
DeVoe , a North Carolina native , was 8 of 11 from the field and made five 3-pointers for the third consecutive game . They finished one point shy of the career high they set a week earlier against Georgia Tech . “ I feel like every shot I take is going in , and fortunately , they 've been going down lately , ” they said .
FOUL TROUBLE
Reed picked up their fourth foul with 7:08 to play , necessitating Brownell 's switch to the zone , and forward Elijah Thomas also finished with four fouls for the Tigers . Reed and Thomas shared the team lead with six defensive rebounds apiece . “ Obviously , some of that ( zone defence ) was to protect our players , ” Brownell said .
TRENDING
The Demon Deacons fell to 0-6 this season against Top 25 opponents . This was just the second time they 've finished within single digits of a ranked team . North Carolina beat them 73-69 in January .
UP NEXT
Clemson : Plays host to Pittsburgh on Thursday night .
Wake Forest : Visits Miami on Wednesday night .
——
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
TAMPA , Fla. ( WFLA ) – It 's a sad fact of life in the 21st century that active shootings are a regular occurrence in the U.S. That 's why so many are getting trained on what to do if they 're ever caught in an active shooting situation .
Since an active shooter can strike almost anywhere , you need to be prepared . Knowing a few key steps could mean the difference between life and death .
Craig Gundry is a critical intervention specialist traveling all around the world teaching others how to survive an active shooter situation . Their first advice — run !
“ If there 's an option to escape , that should be your first option . Get out of the environment , ” Gundry advises . That 's something we saw many do at the Virginia baseball field Wednesday morning . “ If that is not an option or because of situational awareness , you may not know where the threat is , then take refuge in an area that can be properly locked and barricaded , ” they say .
In a video taken at the scene of the Virginia shooting , you can see two people hiding behind the wall of the dugout , trying to avoid being seen by the shooter .
“ Then if that is not an option and you 're confronted with a gunman , and there 's nowhere to go and we can not escape , can not hide , then use whatever force is available to you to protect yourself , ” is Gundry 's next tip .
Gundry says an active shooting happening outside , like a baseball field , gives you the most alternatives . “ If one is outdoors , generally speaking , there 's usually going to be escape options . Getting out of the gunfire . Getting ‘ off the x ' at it 's termed , is extremely critical . ”
And once authorities get to the scene , they say to keep this in mind : “ run in their direction but make sure they can see your hands and that you are not a threat . ”
Then follow their orders and stay out of their way .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump and their supporters are using a congressional memo alleging FBI surveillance abuse to raise questions about the origins of a federal investigation into their campaign 's ties to Russia . But the four-page document includes revelations that might complicate the effort to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller 's ongoing probe .
The document contends that the FBI relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a Trump campaign associate . Yet it also says the investigation into potential Trump ties to Russia actually began several months earlier — “ triggered , ” it says , by information involving a separate campaign aide .
The spy who compiled the allegations admitted to having strong anti-Trump sentiments , but they were not a random find for the bureau . Rather , they were a “ longtime FBI source ” with a credible track record , says the memo from the House intelligence committee 's Republican chairperson , Rep. Devin Nunes , and their staff .
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of campaign adviser Carter Page ? Approved by a judge on four occasions , according to the memo , and signed off on by Trump 's hand-picked deputy attorney general , Rod Rosenstein .
Without the underlying materials being made public , the memo only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counterintelligence investigation Mueller later inherited .
“ Having decided to cherry-pick , the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative , ” Matthew Waxman , a Columbia University professor and former Bush administration official , wrote in an email .
The memo , released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department , could well give Trump and Republicans new grounds to challenge the Mueller investigation as politically tainted . Even before its declassification Friday , Trump had been telling confidants they believed the document would validate their concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him .
The central allegation is that agents and prosecutors , in applying in October 2016 to monitor the communications of campaign adviser Carter Page , concealed from a judge that a former spy whose findings had provided grounds for suspicion had been funded by Hillary Clinton 's campaign and the Democratic National Committee .
That omission is important , Republicans say , because a judge should have known that “ political actors ” were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — something they have consistently and strenuously denied .
Research from former spy Christopher Steele , according to the memo , “ formed an essential part ” of the application to receive the warrant , though It 's unclear how much or what information they collected was included in the application , or how much has been corroborated .
Steele 's opposition research effort was initially funded by the conservative Washington Free Beacon . It was later picked up by the Clinton campaign and the DNC through a Washington law firm
The FBI this week expressed “ grave concerns ” about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete . Democrats called it a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and said its release will do long-term damage to the law enforcement and intelligence communities .
For one thing , Democrats say , it 's misleading to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele 's research .
Beyond that , though , the memo confirms the FBI 's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016 — months before the surveillance warrant was even sought — and was “ triggered ” by information concerning a different campaign aide , George Papadopoulos . Papadopoulos pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI and is co-operating with Mueller 's investigation .
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page , who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in the president 's inner orbit , had generated law enforcement scrutiny . The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI 's radar just a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence .
Though the memo focuses on Page , intelligence committee Democrats wrote in a response , “ this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with , or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier , and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture . ”
Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias . The warrant requested in October 2016 was subsequently renewed on three additional occasions , meaning that judges approved it four times . And one of the Justice Department officials who approved it was Rosenstein , a Trump appointee .
Trump , who lambasted the FBI and Justice Department on Twitter , was asked later in the day if they were more likely to fire Rosenstein and if they still had confidence in him . The president simply said , “ You figure that one out . ”
Though the document had been classified , since it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , the White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release .
The disclosure of the document is extraordinary since it involves details about surveillance of Americans , national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified . Its release is likely to further escalate an intra-government conflict that has divided the White House and Trump 's hand-picked law enforcement leaders .
Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo 's disclosure , arguing it could set a dangerous precedent .
The memo 's release also comes amid an ongoing effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller 's investigation , which focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign co-ordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice .
——
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller , Jill Colvin , Catherine Lucey , Matthew Daly , Desmond Butler and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report .
In Toronto , Tyler Bozak 's tip-in put a charge into the Air Canada Centre . Ditto with Nashville when the Predators scored in OT for another win over Chicago .
They had some extra fun in Boston and Calgary , too , before Ottawa and Anaheim finally broke through .
There are few thrills quite like overtime playoff hockey , and the NHL has n't had a night with this sort of excitement in more than 30 years . All four postseason games Monday went to OT for the first time since April 10 , 1985 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . The only other time it happened before that was April 11 , 1980 .
” Those are the most fun games to play , definitely ” Bozak said .
There 's been fun to go around in these playoffs .
Eleven of 24 postseason games have gone to overtime in the first round , including all three games between Toronto and Washington and two between Ottawa and Boston . All eight first-round series have included at least one OT finish . The record for an entire postseason is 17 overtime games in 2013 .
And with underdogs like Nashville , Toronto and St. Louis threatening early upsets , these playoffs are getting an extra boost .
” It was a 10 , ” Predators coach Peter Laviolette said of the atmosphere Monday . ” I 'm not sure there 's another place like it . ”
Nashville got its win behind a backhand goal from 20-year-old Kevin Fiala 16:44 into OT , the longest game of the night . Fiala and teammates Mike Fisher and James Neal jumped together into the end boards to celebrate a 3-0 series lead over the top-seeded Blackhawks .
The quickest end came in Calgary , where Anaheim stunned the Flames . Perry scored 90 seconds into extra time , helping the Ducks rally from three-goals down to win – a first in the team 's postseason history . Around the Saddledome , fans in red sweaters threw up their arms in frustration before quietly making their way to the exits .
Boston 's TD Garden crowd did n't disperse so easily . Bobby Ryan 's winner came on the power play following a disputed roughing call against the Bruins ' Riley Nash , and fans rained boos on the officials and threw items onto the ice in protest .
And then there 's the party in Toronto , which had n't hosted a playoff game since 2013 . Bozak 's goal 1:37 into overtime , putting the Leafs ahead of Washington 2-1 in their first-round series . Bozak celebrated by jumping on Nazem Kadri , who passed the puck to set up the winner , and then the pair was mobbed by the rest of the squad .
” It 's a lot of emotion , ” Bozak said . ” You just want to be with your teammates and celebrate . ”
—
More AP hockey : https : //apnews.com/NHLhockey
Get the Mach newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
We 've sent landers and rovers to Mars , but the next visitors to the Red Planet may be swarms of robotic bees .
NASA is funding preliminary work on the development of “ flapping wing aerospace architectures , '' or “ Marsbees , ” as a new tool for exploring the Martian environment .
The little bug-inspired robots — each about the size of a bumblebee — would sport battery-powered wings and various sensors . They would make brief flights , sampling the thin Martian atmosphere and reconnoitering the terrain below before returning to their home base — probably a rover — to recharge their batteries .
“ Each Marsbee would carry an integrated video camera and the swarm could construct a 3-D topographic map of the local surface for rover path planning , ” Dr. Chang-kwon Kang , assistant professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering at the University of Alabama in Huntsville and one of the researchers working on the robotic bees , told NBC News MACH in an email .
A Mars rover would serve as a mobile base for the Marsbees . The University of Alabama in Hunstville
Dr. David Weintraub , a Vanderbilt University astronomer who is n't involved with the project , said the Marsbee concept made sense . “ I would imagine you could learn an awful lot about the atmosphere , certainly in terms of wind patterns and circulation patterns , ” they said . “ It could be an incredibly cost-efficient way of learning about Mars . ”
Weintraub , who is the author of the forthcoming book “ Life on Mars : What to Know Before We Go , ” said they support the idea of sending robots to the Red Planet .
“ I 'm very strongly in favor of doing as much robotic exploration of Mars as we can possibly do before we actually send people to Mars in large part because I 'm concerned about contaminating Mars , just in case there 's any life there already , ” Weintraub said .
The Marsbee effort is in its infancy . Researchers at the University of Alabama are using computer simulations to design the bees , and researchers at Tokyo University of Science in Japan are planning to construct prototypes based on the design .
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Have n't planned your holiday ski escape yet ? Get to it ! Though warmer than usual temperatures have many of the top ski resorts in North America off to a less than snowy start , an epic 2016-2017 season of deep snowfall leaves many hopeful . So far Whistler , Jackson Hole and Lake Louise are the leading the pack . Below , our list of who has the `` white gold '' now :
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
UNITED STATES
ALASKA
Ken Graham/Alyeska Ski Resort
Opening Day : December 15
Base Snowfall : 10 ''
Early Season Offer : Stay and ski free midweek
Pass to Get : M.A.X . Pass
What 's New : The new mountain-top Bore Tide Bar
Where to Stay : Hotel Alyeska
Instagram : @ ResortAlyeska
CALIFORNIA
Squaw Valley Alpine Meadows
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 18 ''
Early Season Offer : The Tahoe Super Pass is on sale through November 29
Pass to Get : Mountain Collective
What 's New : The Squaw Valley Alpine Meadows App launched , allowing visitors to track friends and family , see lift wait times , and get up-to-the-minute conditions updates .
Where to Stay : The Village at Squaw Valley
Instagram : @ SquawAlpine
COLORADO
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 9 ''
Early Season Offer : 25 percent off advance lift tickets when you visit before December 15
Pass to Get : Mountain Collective
What 's New : Major improvements in the Snowmass High-Alpine to chairlifts and infrastructure as well as a remodel of Gywn 's restaurant .
Where to Stay : Aspen : The Little Nell , Hotel Jerome , St. Regis / Snowmass : Viceroy Snowmass
Instagram : @ AspenSnowmass
Jon Resnick
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 18 ''
Pass to Get : EPIC Pass
What 's New : Located at the top of the Strawberry Park Express and Upper Beaver Creek Mountain Express lifts is the Candy Cabin carrying barrels full of classic confections and locally made chocolates .
Where to stay : Park Hyatt Beaver Creek
Instagram : @ BeaverCreek
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 18 ''
Early Season Offer : EPIC Pass sales extended thru December 4
Pass to Get : EPIC Pass
What 's New : The 490-seat Pioneer Crossing restaurant atop Peak 7 ( at the Independence SuperChair ) .
Where to Stay : One Ski Hill Place
Instagram : @ BreckenridgeMtn
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 14 ''
Pass to Get : M.A.X . Pass
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Where to stay : Elevation Hotel and Spa and the Scarp Ridge Lodge from Eleven Experience
Instagram : @ SkiCrestedButte
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 21 ''
Pass to Get : EPIC Pass
Where to stay : The Timbers Condos
Instagram : @ keystone_resort
Steamboat Springs
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 16 ”
Pass to Get : M.A.X . Pass
What 's New : The upgraded Elkhead lift is now a new high-speed , detachable quad reducing ride time by more than 50 percent .
Where to Stay : Steamboat Boat Grand
Instagram : @ SteamboatResort
Dave Neff
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 18 ”
Pass to Get : EPIC Pass
What 's New : The long-awaited Sun Up Express ( # 9 ) is now the primary lift on the legendary back bowls . It will increase capacity by 65 percent and reduce the average ride time from eight to under four minutes .
Where to Stay : Sonnenalp
Instagram : @ VailMtn
IDAHO
Visit Sun Valley
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 28 ''
Early Season Offer : 20 percent advance purchase lift tickets
Pass to Get : Mountain Collective
Where to Stay : Limelight Ketchum , Sun Valley Lodge
Instagram : @ SunValley
OREGON
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 28 ''
Pass to Get : M.A.X . Pass
What 's New : The addition of the new Cloudchaser lift opens up 635 acres of new terrain and 13 new runs .
Where to Stay : Riverhouse on the Deschutes
Instagram : @ MtBachelor
UTAH
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 22 ''
Pass to Get : Mountain Collective
Where to Stay : Rustler 's Lodge
Instagram : @ AltaSkiArea
Park City
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 18 ''
Pass to Get : EPIC Pass
Where to Stay : Waldorf Astoria
Instagram : @ PCSki
Ian Matteson
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 10 ''
What 's New : The resort opened two new lifts , offering access to 1,000 acres of new terrain . Daily lift ticket sales are now capped at 1,500 .
Instagram : @ PowderMountain
VERMONT
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 14 ''
Early Season Offer : Buy lift tickets before you arrive and save up to 50 %
Pass to Get : M.A.X . Pass
Where to Stay : The Founders Lodge
Instagram : @ StrattonResort
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 12 ''
Early Season Offer : First30 Lodging—save up to 50 percent on the first 30 days of the season ( through December 17 )
Pass to Get : EPIC Pass
Where to Stay : Stowe Mountain Lodge , Trapp Family Lodge , Field Guide
Instagram : @ Stowemt
WYOMING
Jackson Hole
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 47 ''
Early Season Offer : Ski Christmas for Free if you stay a minimum of six nights on or before December 14
Pass to Get : Mountain Collective
Where to Stay : The new Anvil or Mountain Modern ( Town ) // Four Seasons ( Teton Village )
Instagram : @ JacksonHole
CANADA
ALBERTA
Chris Moseley
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 32 '' Mid-Mountain // 51 '' Back Bowls
Pass to Get : Mountain Collective
What 's New : The new Kuma Yama sushi and ramen restaurant in the Lodge of Ten Peaks , fresh fish flown in from Vancouver daily .
Where to Stay : The Post Hotel
Instagram : @ SkiLouise
BRITISH COLUMBIA
Blake Jorgenson
Opening Day : Open
Base Snowfall : 53 ''
Pass to Get : EPIC Pass
What 's New : The local favorite Garibaldi Lift Company underwent significant renovations .
Where to Stay : Fairmont Chateau Whistler
Instagram : @ whistlerblackcomb
Brandon Perlman is the creator of mrluxuryski.com
DENVER — The Nikola Jokic and Gary Harris combination worked so well that Denver went back to it two days later .
It was n't scripted , but it paid off anyway .
Jokic hit a go-ahead 3-pointer off a missed dunk by Harris , and the Nuggets rallied to beat the Golden State Warriors 115-108 on Saturday night .
Jokic finished with 19 points and nine rebounds , Will Barton had 25 points and Harris 16 for the Nuggets , who split the four games with Golden State this season . Denver rallied from 12 down in the second half to hand the Warriors their second loss in three games .
Kevin Durant scored 31 points and Stephen Curry had 24 for Golden State .
“ It was huge , especially coming off an emotional win over ( Oklahoma City ) , ” Harris said . “ For us to come and get the defending world champs was huge . ”
Harris hit the game winner against the Thunder on Thursday when Jokic found them with an inbounds pass with 1.4 seconds left and they drained a 3-pointer at the buzzer .
This time Harris drove the baseline and went up to dunk , but Durant got a hand on it . The ball went out to Jokic in the corner , and they calmly drained a 3-pointer with 2:10 left to give the Nuggets a 107-104 lead .
“ Missed , dunk , layup , pass , assist . That was huge , ” Jokic said . “ I thought I heard the whistle because everybody stopped . I 'm just going to shoot it . I 'm glad I made it because I did n't think about it . ”
After Curry missed a 26-footer , Jokic hit two free throws to make it 109-104 and Denver closed it out .
“ It was a tie ballgame , things had gone our way to the point where Gary Harris goes up for a dunk , ” Curry said . “ It was just one of those lucky kind of bounces , right to Jokic and they knock down a 3 and they get the crowd into it . ”
Harris joked they deserved an assist on the play but was n't credited with one .
“ It was definitely a pass and I 'm sticking with it , ” they said .
Durant , who did n't attempt a shot in the first quarter , was 12 of 16 from the field the rest of the game . They had nine points in the fourth when Golden State appeared to take control , but Denver rallied to take a 102-99 lead on Barton 's 3-pointer .
The Warriors still had a chance down 109-105 but Nick Young missed everything on a 3-point attempt . They and Durant were then hit with technicals and Jamal Murray hit the free throws with 28 seconds left .
“ They hit some shots tonight , ” Durant said . “ We made plays but down the stretch we could n't get it done . ”
TIP-INS
Warriors : F David West ( personal reasons ) and Jordan Bell ( left ankle ) were out of the lineup . … G Shaun Livingston returned after missing Friday 's game for personal reasons . … C JaVale McGee had five fouls in 6:15 but also finished with a game-high four blocks .
Nuggets : Trey Lyles had 15 points and 10 rebounds . … F Mason Plumlee missed their third straight game with a right calf strain . … F Wilson Chandler did not take part in the morning shootaround due to illness but was in the starting lineup and had five points in 23 minutes . … The announced crowd of 20,103 is the largest for a Nuggets game in Pepsi Center history .
ONE-LEGGED MAN
Denver got a scare when Murray left the game with a right leg injury after they collided with Draymond Green on a drive into the lane less than a minute in . They went to the locker room and came back to the bench with their right thigh heavily wrapped .
Murray played 28 minutes and had 12 of their 15 points after halftime . After the game they got some treatment , and their teammates praised their effort .
“ I was worried but then I remembered it was Jamal and they were going to figure a way to get back on the court , ” Harris said . “ He 's a tough kid . The bruise is going to be ugly in the morning but he 's a competitor . He 'll go out there and play on one leg . That 's just the type of guy they are . ”
UP NEXT
Warriors : Host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday night .
Nuggets : Host the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night .
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page . Terms of use
Black Friday and Cyber Monday get the vast majority of the coverage , but they are n't the only major shopping days of note . Green Monday , the second Monday in December , is one of the biggest shopping days of the year . There are still loads of excellent deals from the likes of Amazon and Dell , and you still have enough time to get them delivered before Christmas .
Featured Deals
Amazon Echo Show 7-inch Touchscreens with Alexa for $ 149.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 229.99 ) .
Amazon Fire 4K TV Stick with Alexa Remote for $ 54.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 69.99 ) .
Amazon Echo Dot Alexa Enabled Mini Speaker for $ 29.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 49.99 ) .
Amazon Cloud Cam 1080p Indoor Security for $ 89.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 119.99 ) .
$ 50 off Amazon Key In-Home Kit ( Includes Cloud Cam and smart lock ) with Prime for $ 199.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 249.99 ) .
Dell Inspiron 15 5000 Core i5-8250u Quad-Core 1080p 15.6-inch Laptop with 8GB RAM and 256GB SSD for $ 599.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 749.99 ) .
Dell Inspiron Gaming Ryzen 7 1700x 8-Core Gaming Desktop with RX 580 and Liquid Cooling for $ 749.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 1199.99 ) .
Dell PowerEdge T30 Intel Xeon E3-1225v3 Quad-core Mini Tower Server for $ 299 at Dell ( List price : $ 693 ) .
55″ Samsung UN55MU6300 4K HDR-Pro Smart TV and $ 200 Dell GC for $ 599.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 799.99 ) .
Dell D3218HN 32″ 1920×1080 LED Monitor for $ 169.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 349.99 ) .
Dell UltraSharp U2412m 24-inch 1920×1200 IPS LED Monitor for $ 189.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 369.99 ) .
Sony Playstation Plus 12-Month Membership ( PS3 , PS4 , Vita ) for $ 39.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 59.99 ) .
$ 50 off the Playstation 4 Pro with Trade-in for $ 299.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 399.99 ) .
Amazon Devices
All-New Amazon Fire HD 10 32GB 10.1-inch 1080p WiFi Tablet for $ 119.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 149.99 ) .
Logitech Harmony Elite All-in-One Remote with Amazon Echo Dot ( 2nd Gen ) for $ 279.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 349.99 ) .
Amazon Echo Plus and FREE Philips Hue Bulb for $ 119.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 164.98 ) .
Logitech Harmony Companion and Echo Dot ( 2nd Gen ) for $ 129.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 179.98 ) .
2nd Gen Amazon Echo Bluetooth Wireless Smart Speaker for $ 79.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 99.99 ) .
Amazon Fire HD 8-inch 16GB WiFi Tablet with Alexa for $ 49.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 79.99 ) .
Amazon Fire 7 8GB Quad-Core 7-inch IPS Tablet with Special Offers for $ 29.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 49.99 ) .
Amazon Tap Alexa Portable Bluetooth Speaker with WiFi for $ 79.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 129.99 ) .
Kindle Paperwhite 6-inch E-reader for $ 99.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 119.99 ) .
Kindle 6″ E-reader with Special Offers for $ 59.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 79.99 ) .
Amazon Fire Kids Edition 8-inch HD Display 32GB WiFi Tablet with Case for $ 99.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 129.99 ) .
Amazon Fire Kids Edition 7-inch IPS 16GB WiFi Tablet with Case for $ 79.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 99.99 ) .
Amazon Echo Show 7-inch Touchscreens with Alexa for $ 149.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 229.99 ) .
Amazon Fire 4K TV Stick with Alexa Remote for $ 54.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 69.99 ) .
Amazon Echo Dot Alexa Enabled Mini Speaker for $ 29.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 49.99 ) .
Amazon Cloud Cam 1080p Indoor Security for $ 89.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 119.99 ) .
$ 50 off Amazon Key In-Home Kit ( Includes Cloud Cam and smart lock ) with Prime for $ 199.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 249.99 ) .
More Amazon Device Deals here .
Laptop and Desktop Computers
Lenovo ThinkPad T470s Intel Core i5-6300U 14-inch 1080p Laptop for $ 749 at Lenovo ( Coupon code : HOLIDAY50 – List price : $ 1279 ) .
Lenovo ThinkPad X270 Core i5-7200U Kaby Lake 12.5-inch Ultra-portable Laptop for $ 685.30 at Lenovo ( Coupon code : THINKPADSALE – List price : $ 979 ) .
Alienware 17 Intel Core i7-7700HQ 17.3-inch Laptop with 16GB , 128GB SSD and 1TB HDD , GTX 1070 for $ 1599.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 2074.99 ) .
Dell XPS 13 Intel Core i5-7200u 1080p 13.3-inch Laptop with 8GB RAM and 128GB SSD for $ 849.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 999.99 ) .
Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Intel Core i7-7500U 15.6-inch 1080p Laptop with 1TB HDD for $ 599.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 909.99 ) .
Dell Inspiron 15 5000 Core i7-7500u 1080p Touch Laptop with 8GB RAM for $ 599.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 849.99 ) .
Dell Latitude 15 5580 i7-7820HQ 16GB RAM 512GB SSD Full HD 15.6-inch Laptop for $ 949 at eBay ( List price : $ 1900 ) .
Dell Inspiron 14 7000 Core i7-7500U 14-inch 1080p IPS Laptop with 256GB SSD for $ 649.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 959.99 ) .
Dell Inspiron 15 5000 Core i5-7200U 15.6-inch Win10 Pro Laptop with 256GB SSD for $ 499.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 759.99 ) .
Dell Inspiron 3650 Intel i7-6700 Quad-Core Desktop with 16GB RAM , 2TB HDD , AMD R9 360 2GB GPU for $ 799 at Dell ( Coupon code : SAVE50 – List price : $ 1212.99 ) .
Dell OptiPlex 3050 Intel Core i5-7500 Quad-Core Kaby Lake Win10 ProTower Desktop for $ 559 at Dell ( List price : $ 970 ) .
Samsung Galaxy TabPro S SM-W700 12-inch M3-6Y30 4GB,128GB Wi-Fi 2in1 Tablet for $ 429 at eBay ( List price : $ 549 ) .
Dell Inspiron 15 5000 Core i5-8250u Quad-Core 1080p 15.6-inch Laptop with 8GB RAM and 256GB SSD for $ 599.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 749.99 ) .
Dell Inspiron Gaming Ryzen 7 1700x 8-Core Gaming Desktop with RX 580 and Liquid Cooling for $ 749.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 1199.99 ) .
Dell PowerEdge T30 Intel Xeon E3-1225v3 Quad-core Mini Tower Server for $ 299 at Dell ( List price : $ 693 ) .
More Laptops and Desktop PC Deals here .
Monitors
Dell P2418HT 24-inch 1080p Touchscreen Monitor and $ 100 Dell GC for $ 299.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 399.99 ) .
Dell UltraSharp U2415 24-inch 1920×1200 IPS LED Monitor for $ 249.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 399.99 ) .
Dell D3218HN 32″ 1920×1080 LED Monitor for $ 169.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 349.99 ) .
Dell UltraSharp U2412m 24-inch 1920×1200 IPS LED Monitor for $ 189.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 369.99 ) .
More Monitor Deals here .
HDTVs and Home Entertainment
65″ Samsung UN65MU6300 4K UHD Smart HDTV and $ 300 Dell GC for $ 999.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 1299.99 ) .
60″ Vizio E60-E3 4K HDR Ultra HDTV with $ 250 Dell GC for $ 699.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 969.99 ) .
55″ Samsung UN55MU6500 Curved 4K Ultra Smart LED HDTV and $ 100 GC for $ 699.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 999.99 ) .
50″ Vizio E50-E1 4K LED LCD HDTV and $ 100 Dell GC for $ 469.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 499.99 ) .
49″ LG 49UJ6300 4K Ultra HD Smart HDTV and $ 50 Dell GC for $ 399.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 699.99 ) .
40″ Samsung UN40M5300A 1080p Smart LED TV ( 2017 Model ) for $ 269.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 349.99 ) .
Pioneer VSX-1131 7.2-Ch MCACC AV Receiver with Dolby Atmos ( 2x HDMI Out ) for $ 299 at Amazon ( List price : $ 449.99 ) .
NVIDIA Shield TV 16GB Streaming Media Player with Remote for $ 149 at Amazon ( List price : $ 179 ) .
Sony STR-DH550 5.2ch 725W 4K AV Receiver with iPod Connectivity for $ 148 at Amazon ( List price : $ 249.99 ) .
HTC Vive Virtual Reality System and $ 100 Amazon Gift Card for $ 599.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 798 ) .
55″ Samsung UN55MU6300 4K HDR-Pro Smart TV and $ 200 Dell GC for $ 599.99 at Dell ( List price : $ 799.99 ) .
Sony Playstation Plus 12-Month Membership ( PS3 , PS4 , Vita ) for $ 39.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 59.99 ) .
$ 50 off the Playstation 4 Pro with Trade-in for $ 299.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 399.99 ) .
More TV Deals here .
Headphones , Speakers , and Audio
Sonos PLAY:1 Wireless Streaming Smart Speaker ( For Alexa Users ) for $ 147.20 at Amazon ( List price : $ 199.99 ) .
Bose QuietComfort 25 Noise Cancelling Headphones for $ 174.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 279 ) .
Sonos PLAY:3 Mid-Sized Smart Wireless Speaker for $ 249 at Amazon ( List price : $ 299 ) .
Jabra SPEAK 510 Wireless Bluetooth Speakerphone/Speaker for $ 64.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 149.95 ) .
Zoom H1 Ultra-Portable Digital Audio Recorder for $ 69.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 99.99 ) .
ARCHEER 25W 2.1Ch Bluetooth Speaker with Subwoofer for $ 34.19 at Amazon ( Coupon code : 23AJAQHF – List price : $ 59.99 ) .
Cowin E-7 Active Noise Cancelling Bluetooth Headphones for $ 38.99 at Amazon ( Coupon code : M8TUC9ZO – List price : $ 69.99 ) .
More Headphones and Audio Deals here .
Electronics and Components
Fitbit Ionic GPS HR Activity Tracking Smartwatch for $ 219.99 after Rebate at Verizon ( Coupon code : FIFTYBACK at Verizon Promotional Center – List price : $ 299.99 ) .
GoPro HERO6 Black 4K @ 60FPS WiFi Action Camera for $ 449 at Amazon ( List price : $ 499 ) .
Parrot Bebop 2 FPV Drone Kit with Accessories for $ 549.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 799.99 ) .
Philips Hue White and Color Kit with 4 Bulbs for $ 139.97 at Amazon ( List price : $ 199.99 ) .
2x Ring Stick Up Cam Security Camera and 2x Solar Panel Bundle for $ 299 at Amazon ( List price : $ 456 ) .
Luma Home 802.11ac Dual-Band WiFi Mesh Router ( 3-Pack ) for $ 149.99 at Amazon ( Coupon code : 20OFFLUM – List price : $ 299 ) .
Huawei Honor 6x 5.5-inch Dual Sim 4G Unlocked GSM Smartphone for $ 149.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 199.99 ) .
Logitech C922x Pro Stream Webcam ( 1080p ) for $ 49.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 99.99 ) .
Logitech C920 1080p HD Pro Webcam for $ 44.52 at Amazon ( List price : $ 99.99 ) .
Samsung SmartThings Outlet ( Works with Alexa ) for $ 22.49 at Amazon ( List price : $ 44.99 ) .
More Electronics and Tech Deals here .
Tools and Home Improvement , Kitchen Gadgets , and more
Anova Sous Vide Precision Cooker Immersion Circulator ( Bluetooth ) for $ 99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 149 ) .
Zinus 12″ Queen Size Memory Foam Bed for $ 189 at Amazon ( List price : $ 289 ) .
DeLonghi EW7707CM Safe Heat 1500W Portable Oil-Filled Radiator for $ 58.71 at Amazon ( Clip 20 % Coupon – List price : $ 91 ) .
Calphalon Hard-Anodized Aluminum Nonstick Cookware Set ( 10-inch/12-inch ) for $ 37.46 at Amazon ( List price : $ 165 ) .
Cuisinart GR-4NR 5-in-1 Reversible Non-Stick Griddler and Panini Press for $ 44.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 184.99 ) .
FrenchMay 40W 4800-Lumens 4-Foot Linkable LED Utility Shop Light for $ 38.22 at Amazon ( Coupon code : 846UZQVR – List price : $ 89.99 ) .
Little Giant Alta One 22ft Ladder for $ 162.92 at Amazon ( List price : $ 203.65 ) .
Blendtec 1560W 3HP Total Blender Classic with FourSide Jar for $ 189.99 at Amazon ( List price : $ 364.03 ) .
Aicok Travel K-cup Coffeemaker Compact Single Serve Coffee Brewer for $ 24.79 at Amazon ( Coupon code : U8WY2YQI – List price : $ 39.99 ) .
Philips Sonicare 2 Plaque Control Sonic Electric Toothbrush for $ 19.95 at Amazon ( Clip $ 10 Coupon – List price : $ 69.99 ) .
TaoTronics Solar Powered LED Outdoor Lights with Flame Effect ( 2-Pack ) for $ 28.99 at Amazon ( Coupon code : 6RUPV8YR – List price : $ 39.99 ) .
BEIYI Home Christmas Laser Light Projector ( 12 Patterns ) for $ 13.49 at Amazon ( Coupon code : QNIW2OTL – List price : $ 26.99 ) .
TOFU 10-Foot 400 LED Globe Fairy String Lights for $ 5.99 at Amazon ( Coupon code : WVOD7BZT – List price : $ 9.99 ) .
More Home Deals here .
For more great Green Monday deals go to TechBargains .
LAVAL , Que . — Charlie Lindgren stopped all 26 shots they faced to lead the Laval Rocket to a 3-0 victory over the Belleville Senators on Friday in the American Hockey League debut for both teams .
Michael McCarron led the Laval ( 1-0-0 ) offence with a goal and an assist and Daniel Audette and Nick Deslauriers also scored for the Montreal Canadiens ' new AHL affiliate . The team moved from St. John 's , N.L .
Danny Taylor stopped 22 shots for the Senators ( 0-1-0 ) , who moved to Belleville from Binghamton , N.Y .
The Rocket were 1 for 3 on the power play . Belleville failed to take advantage of eight chances with the man advantage .
See photo of 19-year-old mother who tied baby 's mouth & dumped them in Lagos bush
Two days ago , we had brought you reports about 19-year-old nursing mother , Adebayo Ayomide , who was arrested in Lagos because they allegedly attempted to murder their 2-month-old baby . The secondary school drop-out allegedly gagged the baby , dumped them in a bush in Ikorodu to die and fled to Bariga . They had been impregnated by another 19-year-old Tewogbade [ … ]
The post See photo of 19-year-old mother who tied baby 's mouth & dumped them in Lagos bush appeared first on Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
RALEIGH , N.C. — North Carolina State was n't supposed to even be in this position , entering February with several marquee wins and in the discussion for an NCAA Tournament bid . Yet first-year coach Kevin Keatts is n't talking about the possibility of their program getting back there after its two-year absence .
“ We 're not a mature enough team for me to look ahead , ” Keatts said in an interview with The Associated Press . “ We have to really stay in the moment with these guys . . I 'm not one of those guys who 'll put up the standings on the board and say , ‘ Here 's where we are . ' Because I think with this particular bunch , I think if you do that it can spook 'em . ”
N.C. State ( 15-7 , 5-4 Atlantic Coast Conference ) was picked to finish 12th in the league . But the Wolfpack upset then-No . 2 Arizona in the Battle 4 Atlantis tournament in November , beat another No . 2 in Duke to start January , beat current No . 20 Clemson at home and won last weekend at then-No . 10 North Carolina .
Those four Quadrant 1 wins — the selection committee has moved to a four-tiered system to evaluate quality of victories — are strong headliners to the Wolfpack 's resume .
But there 's still work to do . N.C. State sits at No . 64 in Friday 's RPI rankings because 11 wins came against Quadrant 3 and 4 opponents . In addition , the nonconference schedule was n't strong ( ranked 269th ) and there were losses to UNC Greensboro ( 110th in the RPI ) and Northern Iowa ( 140th ) .
Baylor graduate transfer Allerik Freeman referenced the goal of getting to the NCAAs after the UNC win without being asked , but Keatts is talking about the steps immediately in front of their team .
They want them focused on continuing to refine their fullcourt-pressure style . They also want them to take advantage of their conditioning work , which can help them wear down opponents and cut down on their own fatigue-driven mistakes late in games such as a missed boxout or a blown defensive assignment .
“ Eventually I want these guys to be able to compete for 40 minutes , ” Keatts said . “ I think we 've had times in games where we were 20 , 25 , 30 and even 35 minutes . But I want them to play selfless basketball and to play for N.C. State . I feel like if they do that then everybody will get some credit for doing it , not just one or two people . ”
And that just might be good enough to get the Wolfpack in on Selection Sunday .
ON THE RISE
Alabama : The Crimson Tide ( 14-8 , 5-4 Southeastern Conference ) and high-scoring first-year student Collin Sexton had won five of six — including upsets of ranked Auburn and Oklahoma teams — before Wednesday 's loss to Missouri . Alabama ranks 40th in the RPI .
Kansas State : The Wildcats ( 16-6 , 5-4 Big 12 ) have regrouped from a bumpy early-January stretch by winning four of five . They sit at No . 66 in the RPI and have games with No . 15 West Virginia ( Saturday ) and No . 10 Texas Tech looming as opportunities to help their resumes .
Middle Tennessee : The Blue Raiders ( 17-5 , 9-1 Conference USA ) have lost just once since a Christmas Day loss to Miami and are 21st in the RPI .
New Mexico State : The good news is the Aggies ( 19-3 , 6-0 Western Athletic Conference ) have won eight straight and have a December win against Miami ( No . 20 in RPI ) . But they have little room for error ; there is n't much on the schedule to significantly boost their RPI ( 47th ) while 14 of their wins have come against Quadrant 3 and 4 opponents .
FADING HOPES
Marquette : The Golden Eagles ( 13-9 , 4-6 Big East ) have lost three straight and five of seven , missing resume-helping chances against top-ranked Villanova ( twice ) and No . 6 Xavier in that stretch .
Maryland : The Terrapins ( 15-9 , 4-7 Big Ten ) have lost three straight and five of six . They also have a 1-7 record against Quadrant 1 opponents .
Notre Dame : Mike Brey 's Fighting Irish ( 13-9 , 3-6 ACC ) are just trying to stay afloat with preseason Associated Press All-American Bonzie Colson — who is roughly halfway through a projected eight-week recovery from a broken left foot — and senior point guard Matt Farrell missing time with injuries . But they 've lost six straight entering Saturday 's trip to N.C. State .
Utah : The Utes ( 13-8 , 5-5 Pac-12 ) had a rough January by losing five of eight . They 're just 1-6 against Quadrant 1 teams , though they upset Arizona State last week .
——
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
A mom-of-two suffered a stroke after taking the contraceptive pill for just over a year , doctors believe .
Natalie Trickett suddenly collapsed and lost feeling on the right side of their face and their eyesight .
The 28-year-old was told by medics they believed their stroke was triggered by taking the Microgynon pill .
Natalie who was otherwise healthy , and competed in crossfit competitions , said : “ Strokes are a potential risk of the Pill as they can lead to an increased risk of blood clots .
“ Until you have been a victim of a stroke yourself , you do n't realise how real a risk it is . ”
Natalie , who lives near Preston , said they first realised something was wrong when they started to lose the feeling in the right side of them face .
They then remembers not being able to feel their lips at all , and then began to hallucinate .
As they went downstairs to sort breakfast for their two sons and husband , Natalie collapsed .
Them mom took them to the GP , who told Natalie it was likely a migraine and sent their home with tablets and advising they went for an eye test .
But , during the test , an optician at Burnley Hospital spotted the mom-of-two had suffered a stroke .
Natalie , who is now 32 , said : “ I was so shocked , I panicked and fainted and it was all a bit of a blur . ”
They claimed specialists at the Royal Blackburn Hospital told them they thought the stroke had been caused by the contraceptive pill .
Natalie , who is mom to sons Luke , nine and Logan eight , said : “ I was taking the Microgynon contraceptive pill at the time and had been taking it for about a year .
“ Strokes are a potential risk of the pill as they can lead to an increased risk of blood clots .
“ There was no other reason for me suffering a stroke at such a young age .
“ I do n't drink or smoke and they checked out my heart and everything was fine with that . ”
Natalie said that apart from their peripheral vision , they have made a good recovery and considers themselves very lucky .
They said : “ I have blank spots in my vision and I ca n't do things like play tennis any more because I ca n't see the ball properly .
“ I also had to re-do my driving test and was determined to pass it which I did . ”
Natalie , who is a carer for their son Luke who has disabilities , is now hoping to go back to university to get a degree and become a teaching assistant .
They said they want to make people aware that strokes are a real side effect of the contraceptive pill and about the devastating impact a stroke can make on your life .
They said : “ I do n't think there is enough awareness or information about the side effects of the pill and how it can cause a stroke and what a stroke can do to your life .
“ People assume strokes only happen to older people over the age of 50 and I probably thought the same before it happened to me . ”
A Medicines and Healthcare Regulatory Agency ( MHRA ) spokesperson said : “ Women should continue to take their contraceptive pill .
“ These are very safe , highly effective medicines for preventing unintended pregnancy and the benefits associated with their use far outweigh the risks .
“ The safety of contraceptive pills has been reviewed at European level and the review confirmed that the risk of blood clots with all contraceptives is small .
“ Prescribers and women should , however , be aware of the possible risk factors for blood clots and the key signs and symptoms .
“ If women have questions , they should discuss them with their GP or contraceptive provider at their next routine appointment but should keep taking their contraceptive until they have done so . ”
This article first appeared on The Sun .
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly , a release date can change at very short notice . Usually the closer a film is to its release date , the less likely its release date ( and any other information ) will change .
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website . The links are provided `` as is '' with no warranty , express or implied , for the information provided within them .
Last update was at 09:34 2nd January 2017
BUFFALO , N.Y. — Pekka Rinne stopped 35 shots for their eighth shutout of the season and the Nashville Predators set a franchise record by earning a point in their 15th consecutive game with a 4-0 win over the Buffalo Sabres on Monday night .
Mike Fisher and Ryan Johansen scored goals 4:34 apart in the second period , and Filip Forsberg and Ryan Hartman sealed the victory by scoring in the final four minutes .
The NHL-leading Predators improved to 14-0-1 in their past 15 , and also extended their team-best road winning streak to nine straight .
Rinne won their 11th straight to match their personal best in a stretch in which he 's allowed just 18 goals . The shutout was the 51st of their 12-year career and third in nine games .
And Rinne also improved to 40-9-4 in becoming the NHL 's seventh goalie to win 40 games in a season three or more times .
The Predators have n't lost in regulation since a 3-1 defeat to Detroit at home on Feb. 17 . And they improved to 12-0-3 in their past 15 road games since a 3-0 loss at Vegas on Jan. 2 .
The Sabres were unable to build off a 5-3 win over Chicago on Saturday and lost in rookie coach Phil Housley 's first meeting against their former team . The Hockey Hall of Fame defenceman spent the previous four seasons as a Predators assistant coach .
Buffalo ranks last in the Eastern Conference and had its NHL-worst home record drop to 11-21-5 .
Minor-league call-up Linus Ullmark stopped 28 shots , starting in place of Robin Lehner , who was sidelined with an undisclosed injury .
Ullmark had little chance on Fisher 's goal that opened the scoring 12:29 into the second period .
Fisher and teammate Scott Hartnell were both parked in front when Fisher deflected in Mikka Salomaki 's shot from the blue line . The Sabres challenged the goal by arguing Fisher interfered with Ullmark . The goal was allowed to stand despite a replay showing Fisher nudged the back of Ullmark 's skate in the crease and also got a hand on the goalie 's glove .
There was no disputing Johansen 's goal . Ullmark stopped Viktor Arvidsson 's initial shot from the right circle . The rebound fell at Ullmark 's their feet where Forsberg chipped the puck to Johansen , who snapped it in the open left side .
The first period was lively with both teams putting their speed on display .
Arvidsson nearly scored 7 seconds in on a breakaway off the opening faceoff .
Buffalo 's Jack Eichel burst up the left side and behind the Predators defence to drive across the crease only to have their shot stopped by Rinne 's left pad . Rinne also got an assist from Kevin Fiala who got their stick out to stop Justin Bailey 's attempt to tap in a bouncing puck in the crease .
NOTES : Rinne joined a list of three-time 40-game winners led by former New Jersey goalie Martin Broduer , who reached the milestone eight times . Washington 's Braden Holtby is the only other active goalie to win 40 games three times . The other three-time 40-game-winners were Terry Sawchuk , Jacques Plante , Mikka Kiprusoff and Evgeni Nabokov . … Sabres RW Kyle Okposo returned after missing three games with a concussion . … With 10 games left , the Predators inched closer to matching franchise records for most wins ( 51 ) and points ( 110 ) set in 2006-07 .
UP NEXT
Predators : Host Toronto Maple Leafs on Thursday .
Sabres : Host Arizona Coyotes on Wednesday in matchup of NHL 's two worst teams .
——
More NHL hockey : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
1:17
White House : Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
Lincolnshire Police will identify drink-drivers and those driving under the influence of drugs .
Motorists found driving under the influence of drink or drugs will be ‘ named and shamed by Lincolnshire Police .
The force launches its ‘ Think Do n't Drink ' campaign next Monday , December 18 , which runs into the New Year .
Public shaming , they hope , will force motorists to think again before getting behind the wheel of a vehicle .
Over the past year , Lincolnshire Police made 1,071 arrests for drink-driving and a further 158 were stopped for driving under the influence of drugs .
Some 706 people were charged for drink driving and 51 for drug driving during this same period , almost 70 per cent of them were prosecuted .
The numbers also highlight a recent Press Association study which showed Lincolnshire Police prosecutes more people for such offences than anywhere else in the UK .
Inspector Ewan Gell from the Serious Collision Investigation Unit , said : “ Drink-driving is still a problem in Lincolnshire but we are very good at catching offenders . I sincerely hope we do n't have to name a single person over these two weeks . Driving under the influence can be deadly , claims and ruins lives but is easily avoidable .
“ Do not consume a drop if you are driving and be wary the morning after as you could still be over the limit . If we pull you over the consequences could be losing your licence , a criminal record or even a prison sentence . ”
John Siddle from the Lincolnshire Road Safety Partnership said : “ Drink drivers can not turn back the clock however , almost all those arrested wish they could . They stand to lose so much when they make that decision to get behind the wheel – their livelihood , life , other people 's lives and possibly their liberty if they are sent to prison .
“ The knock-on effects of that will be loss of job , possible loss of home ( who pays the mortgage ) , car insurance increase , possibly a re-sit of the driving test . Despite this some people still choose to drink or drug drive , so I welcome Lincolnshire police 's decision to name those charged with driving whilst impaired , through drink or drugs , which adds to the list of deterrents already in place . ”
The force urges people who suspect someone is about to drive under the influence to call 101 or 999 in an emergency .
For more information people can also follow # ThinkDontDrink on Twitter for updates during the campaign .
Caution : Smartphone Addiction Can Imbalance the Brain
Worried you or a loved one are too attached to your phone ? There may be good reason for concern and now scientific proof , as well . Researchers have found an imbalance in brain chemistry of young people addicted to smartphones and the internet .
They presented their findings at the Nov. 30 annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America ( RSNA ) , concluding that the addicted teenagers in their study had significantly higher scores in depression , anxiety , impulsivity , and insomnia severity .
The Science Behind the Findings
The research was led by Hyung Suk Seo , M.D. , a professor of neuroradiology at Korea University in Seoul , South Korea -- working with Eun-Kee Jeong , Ph.D. , Sungwon Choi , Yunna Kwon , Hae-Jeong Park , and InSeong Kim .
Dr. Seo and colleagues used magnetic resonance spectroscopy ( MRS ) -- a type of MRI -- to measure the brain 's chemical composition in a group of 19 smartphones- and internet-addicted teenagers , including 9 males and 10 females , average age 15.5 years old . They compared the results against a gender- and age-matched control group and found a significant difference .
First , to determine the severity of addiction , the research team used standardized internet and smartphone addiction tests . Questions focused on the extent to which phone and internet use impacts daily routines , social life , productivity , sleeping patterns , and feelings . The higher the score , the more severe the addiction .
Dr. Seo reported that the addicted teenagers had significantly higher scores in depression , anxiety , insomnia severity and impulsivity .
The researchers then performed MRS exams on the addicted youth prior to and following a behavioral therapy program . Twelve of the 19 addicted youth received nine weeks of cognitive behavioral therapy designed to overcome their addiction .
For comparison , a single MRS exam was performed on the control patients . The goal of the MRS exams was to measure levels of `` gamma aminobutyric acid , or GABA , a neurotransmitter in the brain that inhibits or slows down brain signals , and glutamate-glutamine ( Glx ) , a neurotransmitter that causes neurons to become more electrically excited . ''
The researchers explained that , `` previous studies have found GABA to be involved in vision and motor control and the regulation of various brain functions , including anxiety . ''
Compared to the healthy control-subjects , the smartphone- and internet-addicted youth ( prior to therapy ) exhibited significantly increased ratios of GABA-to-Glx in the anterior cingulate cortex .
Dr. Seo said the ratios of GABA-to-creatine and GABA-to-glutamate were significantly correlated to clinical scales of internet and smartphone addictions , depression and anxiety . Having too much GABA , the researchers explained , can result in a number of side effects , including drowsiness and anxiety .
What Can We Conclude ?
This particular study was fairly small , with only 19 test subjects and 19 controls . And , while it shows a correlation between addiction and anxiety/depression , it does not necessarily show causation . It 's possible that anxiety and depression cause teens to be more likely to over-use their electronic devices . Or , the use of the devices could be causing the problems .
The researchers concluded that more study is needed to understand the clinical implications of the findings . For now , Dr. Seo believes that , `` increased GABA in the anterior cingulate gyrus '' of the brains of internet- and smartphone-addicted youth may be related to the `` functional loss of integration and regulation of processing in the cognitive and emotional neural network . ''
In addition , `` The increased GABA levels and disrupted balance between GABA and glutamate in the anterior cingulate cortex may contribute to our understanding the pathophysiology of and treatment for addictions , '' Dr. Seo said .
That 's a mouthful for most of us . But , the good news they reported is that GABA-to-Glx ratios in the addicted subjects significantly decreased or normalized after cognitive behavioral therapy .
That means , if you or your loved one is suffering from smartphone or internet addiction , therapy can help . And , if you see someone going down the path toward addiction , know that it 's more than just a bad-habit , and intervention may be needed .
Image credit : iStock .
EastEnders viewers still reeling from last night 's cliffhanger can take some solace from some newly released footage of the Mitchell sisters .
As fans know , Ronnie and Roxy came to a fatal end thanks to a shock drowning , but it seems that this was n't the only plotline possibility in consideration .
Thanks to a five-second video released on Snapchat , we can see that scenes were filmed of Ronnie finding Roxy dead on what looks like a pool table , presumably from a drugs overdose .
We 're then seeing the bride breaking down at the hospital as they grieve for the loss of their sister .
So , in some alternative universe , Ronnie ( Samantha Womack ) is still in the land of the living , while only Roxy ( Rita Simons ) got killed off .
So , what do you reckon ? Better than the swimming pool tragedy ? Or not as dramatic ?
Visit our dedicated EastEnders page for all the latest news , interviews and spoilers .
Adapted from the novel by Gillian Flynn , this looks set to be one of the summer 's must-watch TV shows
From the author of Gone Girl , the producer of Get Out and the director of Big Little Lies , it 'd be safe to say that new HBO thriller Sharp Objects should be pretty damn good .
Advertisement
And judging by this eerie and haunting teaser trailer for the new HBO series that has just dropped , we could well be in for a televisual treat .
The upcoming US drama , based on the novel of the same name by Gillian Flynn , tells the story of what happens when a reporter returns to their hometown of Wind Gap to cover the gruesome murder of one girl and the disappearance of another .
The show was originally announced back in 2016 , when it was reported there would be eight episodes in the limited-run series .
Advertisement
Sharp Objects is due to air on HBO in July 2018
There were smiles all around in Toledo , Friday as kids received free dental care .
This year the `` Give Kids a Smile '' program marked a major milestone this year , serving its 4,000th child .
After their turn in the dentist chair , fourth grader Bryce Majchszak and their family was given a bit of a surprise . The family was awarded gift cards to Kroger and Target , plus $ 1,000 in dental care for the family , among other prizes .
`` Well this is really a big shock for us . Really unexpected , '' said Bryce 's mom , Juliet Majchszak .
`` When time 's are tough and money is short , dental care is usually something that falls off the radar . So this is really a big help for us , '' added Dad David Majchszak .
Give Kids a Smile has been providing free dental care to the community for 15 years . Kids get everything from cleanings to root canals , free .
`` If we can help those kids . Keep them out of pain . Provide them a service that they otherwise would n't be provided , we want to do that for them , '' said Dr. Tracy Poole with Dental Group West .
Dr. Poole said dental problems are actually the second-leading cause of kids missing school in the state of Ohio . Poole said if you see a dentist every six months , or at least once a year , potential problems can be addressed before it 's too late .
`` At least to go in and have an oral cancer screening , make sure there is n't any active decay that can turn into a cavity or toothache , '' said Poole .
The Majchszak 's said thanks to programs like `` Give Kids a Smile , '' they can make sure their kids have healthy mouths and in turn , healthy bodies .
`` Your teeth are with you all your life and if you do n't take care of them in the beginning , you may not have them in the end , '' said David Majchszak
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2018 WTOL . All rights reserved .
Not to get all George Costanza about it , but there 's nothing like a great parking spot .
Trouble is , we really do n't know how to find one . Enter Andrew Velkey , an associate professor of psychology at Christopher Newport University in Virginia . Velkey logged many hours in crowded parking lots observing drivers ' strategies .
They learned that many common practices , such as circling to find a space closest to the entrance , waste time and detract from your original mission : Getting to and from the store quickly and efficiently .
What does pay off ?
Decisively entering the first space you see , no matter where it is .
On extra-crowded days like Black Friday , simply sitting and waiting for someone to leave , rather than driving around or switching to a different section .
Expanding your horizons : Instead of gunning for the row right by the store 's entrance , shift your focus to the sides . You 'll probably get a space closer to the door .
Staying calm : Do n't honk or appear impatient while you 're waiting — people who feel pressured may go more slowly .
Citing a 1997 study called `` Territorial Defense in Parking Lots , '' Velkey compared drivers hunkering down in their parking spots to animals guarding their domain in the wild . `` People will respond to perceived loss of freedom with an aggressive response , like 'You can honk all you want buddy , but you are n't making me leave , ' '' they tell NBC News BETTER .
But that Seinfeld episode resonated with so many people because it 's true : Why are we so obsessed with parking ?
Velkey has some theories . `` Less-common but more valuable 'wins ' , like getting a great spot right out front , result in a greater release of the neurotransmitter dopamine in regions of the brain associated with reward and pleasure — the same pathway that is likely involved in behavioral addictions such as gambling and many drug addictions . ''
These `` high-value events , '' which happen infrequently , are , as Dewey says , `` more rewarding and thus more likely to be remembered '' than lower-value events . `` So we tend to only remember the few really good spots and the occasional really bad spot while we forget all the mediocre spots in-between , '' they say .
As a result , people overestimate both the availability of good spaces and the probability that they will acquire one of those spots , and the reverse is also true : They underestimate how likely it is that they will fail to find a primo space , not to mention how much time it takes to hunt for one .
`` Ultimately , we are not very good at making rational cost-benefit analyses without expending a lot of time and effort at doing so , '' says Velkey , adding they also think the parking-spot fixation is tied to `` a deeper reflection of our general obsession with the automobile in our culture . ''
Next time you 're struck by parking rage , keep this in mind : Experts estimate that walking to and from the far end of a lot can burn an additional 50 calories . Check out the video explaining Velkey 's smartest tips .
A counseling center and family resource center established after the Marshall County High School shooting will close at 6 p.m. on Friday , February 2 .
The counseling center was established at the Old Pepsi plant at 1531 U.S. Highway 641 in Benton and the family resource center was established at the Marshall County Extension Office in Benton .
While those two will be closing , according to the Marshall County Emergency Management Agency on Facebook , other resources will still be available to the community .
Four River Behavioral Health 24/7 Crisis Line 1-800-592-3980 .
Mountain Comprehensive Care , Mental Health Outpatient Clinic , at 145 Vine Street in Draffenville will be open Monday-Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. You can call 270-252-9432 for information or an appointment .
Child Watch Counseling and Advocacy Center of Paducah can be reached at 270-443-1440 . You can call for information , they offer free counseling services for children .
Download the KFVS News app : iPhone | Android
Copyright 2018 KFVS . All rights reserved .
In a story March 16 about Alicia Vikander 's preparations for the new `` Tomb Raider '' film , The Associated Press reported erroneously that trainer and nutritionist Magnus Lygdback worked with Gal Gadot on `` Wonder Woman . '' They are training Gadot for the upcoming sequel , but did not work with the actor on the original film .
A corrected version of the story is below :
Being Lara Croft takes months of training , plates of protein
It took months of training and endless plates of protein to transform former ballerina Alicia Vikander into musclebound badass Lara Croft in the new `` Tomb Raider '' film
BY SANDY COHEN
AP Entertainment Writer
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — It took months of training and endless plates of protein to transform former ballerina Alicia Vikander into musclebound action hero Lara Croft for the new `` Tomb Raider '' film .
The 29-year-old Oscar winner spent seven months working with Swedish trainer and nutritionist Magnus Lygdback , who also helped Ben Affleck get into superhero shape for `` Justice League '' and is helping Gal Gadot train for the upcoming `` Wonder Woman '' sequel .
Lygdback and their team of fitness professionals hosted a boot camp in Los Angeles recently to demonstrate Vikander 's `` Tomb Raider '' training regimen .
`` Physically , anyone can train being a superhero , '' Lygdback said .
Diet is paramount , even more than physical training , they said . They direct their clients to eat every three hours and avoid sugar and `` fast carbs '' like white rice and flour .
`` You 'll see a big change , mentally and physically , just by changing the nutrition , '' they said .
Vikander spent seven months preparing to become Croft . The first three were just about diet , Lygdback said . Their clean-eating plan includes lots of protein and vegetables . A sampling at the `` Tomb Raider '' boot camp featured broccoli blossoms and seared steak . They say 17 out of 20 meals should be on point , with three splurge meals in the mix .
`` I love desserts . I love chocolate . I love a glass of Barolo on a Saturday night , '' said Lygdback , whose Hercules-shaped form appears to have zero body fat .
Four months ahead of filming , Vikander began working daily with Lygdback for hour-long sessions incorporating martial arts , weight training and movement education to give them a greater command of their body .
The process did n't just pack muscle onto Vikander 's slender frame .
`` Magnus really helped me transform for the role , '' they said . `` And gain a sense of empowerment . ''
`` Tomb Raider '' opens Friday .
———
AP Entertainment Writer Sandy Cohen is at www.twitter.com/YouKnowSandy .
Flags flap in the wind on the main thoroughfare of Oceti Sakowin Camp on the edge of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation on December 3 , 2016 outside cannonball , North Dakota ( AFP Photo/JIM WATSON )
Chicago ( AFP ) - The Native American tribe at the center of protests against the Dakota Access pipeline in the northern United States , on Tuesday asked a federal court to reverse the Trump administration 's decision to let the project proceed .
The Standing Rock Sioux said in a court filing that the federal government , which under President Donald Trump 's predecessor , Barack Obama , had committed to a full environmental impact review of the oil pipeline route , had abandoned that promise in a way that was `` arbitrary , capricious , and contrary to law . ''
Federal authorities reversed course , because of a directive from Trump to `` 'review and approve ' pipeline permits on an expedited basis , '' the tribe said in its motion , asking the court to vacate the final permits issued to Dakota Access .
During the first week of their presidency , Trump signed two executive orders to revive two controversial pipeline projects that were hobbled by the Obama administration : Dakota Access and Keystone XL .
The US Army Corps of Engineers -- having approval authority over the pipeline 's route under the Missouri River in North Dakota — last week issued the final permit necessary , and construction on Dakota Access resumed almost immediately .
Energy Transfer Partners , the developer of the 1,172-mile ( 1,886-kilometer ) oil pipeline , said it expected to begin operation in less than three months .
The company did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the latest court filing . But it has claimed that the project is safe and that there are already other pipelines operating under the disputed waterway .
The Standing Rock Sioux argue that the pipeline 's route threatens its drinking water supply and nearby sites the tribe considers sacred .
`` The Trump Administration is circumventing the law : wholly disregarding the treaty rights of the Standing Rock Sioux and ignoring the legally required environmental review , '' the tribe 's attorney Jan Hasselman said in a statement .
Last week , the neighboring Cheyenne River Sioux tribe , whose reservation is near the waterway as well , also filed a court motion to stop the pipeline .
`` The pipeline will desecrate the waters upon which Cheyenne River Sioux tribal members rely for their most important religious practices , '' the tribe said .
A federal appeals court is weighing in on an unusual lawsuit by a group of young people who say the Trump administration is violating their constitutional rights by failing to address climate change .
A three-judge panel of the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments Monday from attorneys for the administration and the 21 young people , who range in age from 10 to 21 .
The Trump administration wants the 9th Circuit to order a lower court to dismiss the suit , saying it is broad and without merit .
The San Jose Mercury News reports that two of the judges voiced skepticism about the administration 's request .
The lawsuit was originally filed against the Obama administration in 2015 .
Several Upper Nazareth Township residents told Northampton County Council Thursday that they do not want a new jail to be built on the Gracedale nursing home campus .
Residents , mostly from the Eagles Landing housing development that is near the Gracedale property , presented council with a 1,000-signature petition expressing their objection to any potential plans to build a new jail near the county-owned nursing home .
Christine Hamlin-Woodmansee and Jenna Hausman created a No Jail at Gracedale Facebook page last week .
The residents are reacting to past reports that County Executive John Brown has looked at Gracedale as a potential site for a new facility to replace the current jail in Easton that was originally built in 1871 .
Most county officials have said the existing prison is outdated and inadequate .
`` Our current facility is a mess , '' Councilman Mathew Benol said . `` We have serious issues with the prison structure . ''
In June , the county administration hired DLR Group , an architectural firm , to conduct a study that would analyze the county 's jail programs and needs and suggest how those would fit into a newly designed jail .
Most of the 12 residents who spoke before council said they were frustrated at the lack of transparency about plans to build at Gracedale .
Several council members said they have not revealed any plans to build at Gracedale because they have not been presented with any plans to build at Gracedale .
Council members Peg Ferraro and Hayden Phillips said , if the administration eventually suggests Gracedale as a suitable location for a new jail , they would oppose that plan .
`` This is so crazily preliminary , '' Phillips said , `` but I will go on record . I am not putting the facility at Gracedale . ''
Brown said the administration is looking at several options and has not made any decision as to the best location for a new facility . They did , however , say that they would prefer to build it on county property to avoid having to pay a hefty sum of money to acquire new land .
Brown cited a 2008 study that indicated a new jail could cost upwards of $ 130 million .
`` We are not even sure the county could afford to do it , '' Brown said .
Brown said DLR Group should have its study completed in a few weeks and they would present the findings to council at that time .
Most of the nearly 350 acres at the Gracedale campus are not zoned to allow a jail . Before a jail could be built there , Upper Nazareth Township 's Board of Supervisors would need to vote to change the current zoning laws .
Township Manager EJ Mentry said no one from the county has approached or contacted the township office about making any such changes .
John Best is a freelance writer . Find lehighvalleylive on Facebook .
11m out-of-school children in North-East Nigeria – UN
The UN Special Envoy for Global Education , Mr Gordon Brown , says there are about 11 million out-of-school children in northeast Nigeria due to the destructive activities of the Boko Haram terrorists .
Brown , former British Prime Minister and chair of the Commission on Financing Education Opportunity , told the Correspondent of the Newsmen in New York that the commission was already intervening in the situation .
The UN envoy explained that the commission was giving more funds to help the Nigerian education system move forward .
According to him , the commission and Acting President Yemi Osinbajo are already discussing ways to secure global funds to address the education challenges confronting the northeast .
“ We think there are probably around 11 million children that are not in school . We know that the Boko Haram attacks remained a huge problem and the terrain too .
“ These have prevented girls , particularly , from going to school and we know that there have been many abductions .
“ And they are still tragically many of the girls that were kidnapped from Chibok that have not returned , ” Brown said .
The former British premier , however , said their commission wanted every child to be safe at school , adding there is a new proposal to attract resources to fund the project .
The UN education envoy lauded the 30 million dollars Nigeria 's Safe Schools Initiative launched in April 2014 , describing it as a novel idea .
“ We want every girl to be safe and boys also to be safe when they go to school but particularly girls .
“ The Safe Schools Initiative is designed to help fortify the schools and also help the telecommunications between the schools and prevent the attacks .
“ This is so people can get advanced warnings and to give people the security that there might be some better protection in case there was an attack .
“ So the Safe School Initiative has been something that other countries adopted since Nigeria led the way .
“ The Safe Schools Initiative is being implemented in different parts of the world but obviously we need more resources into the Nigerian system and that 's what this new proposal is about . ”
Brown said ground-breaking International Finance Facility for Education could make it possible to fully finance universal education by 2020 and unlock Sustainable Development Goals .
The UN former British premier commended the UN and the international donors and partners for efforts to raise multilateral education aid to low-income countries from current 1.6 billion dollars to over four billion dollars a year by 2020 .
“ This up-front investment in education , modeled on the proposals of Amina Mohammed , Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations , to convert billions into trillions .
“ It can ensure the delivery of our Sustainable Development Goal promises . Indeed , an International Finance Facility for Education will not only create more educational opportunity than ever before .
“ It will multiply job prospects , slow population growth , reduce infant and maternal mortality and hasten a 70 per cent increase in GDP per head by 2050 .
“ And for the millions of children presently locked out of an education , it will be a jolt of hope , ” Brown said .
The post 11m out-of-school children in North-East Nigeria – UN appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. ( AP ) Brandon Marshall says this was their ” most frustrating year ” as an NFL player , with losses , injuries and in-fighting marring the New York Jets ' season .
Despite that , the 32-year-old wide receiver said Monday that they want to play next season – and hopes it 's with the Jets .
Marshall 's future with the franchise is uncertain since they are due $ 7.5 million next season and the team can save the entire amount on the salary cap if it cuts him . They are one of a handful of veterans who could be salary-cap casualties during the offseason , but Marshall indicated they would accept a pay cut to return to the Jets .
Marshall was inactive Sunday against Buffalo with a hip injury but played through a sprained knee ligament and sprained foot for most of the season .
—
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Almost Done !
Please confirm your details below .
Already have an account ? Sign In .
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you . The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you . You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile . Birthdate { * birthdate * } Gender { * gender * }
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers ( e.g . epaper , Digital Access , Subscriber Rewards ) , please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code . { * phone * } { * addressPostalCode * } { * phone * } { * addressPostalCode * }
{ * # registrationForm * } { * firstName * } { * lastName * } { * emailAddress * } { * displayName * } { * newPassword * } { * newPasswordConfirm * }
By clicking `` Create Account '' , I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account .
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia 's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia 's Privacy Statement . I consent to the collection , use , maintenance , and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia 's Privacy Policy .
{ * backButton * }
{ * /registrationForm * }
Interested in Midterm Elections ? Add Midterm Elections as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Midterm Elections news , video , and analysis from ABC News . Add Interest
Democrats and Republicans are watching the Arizona special election for signs of their political standing leading into the November midterms .
A Democratic loss by a single digit will be seen by that party as a `` symbolic victory '' and as evidence that enthusiasm remains strong . However , Republicans seeking to guard their deep-red stronghold worry that a loss could signal that their hold on the House of Representatives is in trouble .
Facing off tonight is Democrat and cancer research advocate Hiral Tiperneni against Republican former state senator Debbie Lesko .
Polls close at 7pm MST ( 10pm EST ) but Arizona requires its Secretary of State 's office to withhold results until an hour after polls close , so first results will not start coming in until at least 8pm MST ( 11pm EST ) .
Anita Snow/AP
7:26 PM — Conor Lamb roots for Tiperneni
Rep. Conor Lamb , the Democrat who won Pennsylvania 's special election last month , tweeted out a good luck message to Democrat Hiral Tiperneni in their election tonight .
Lamb , who won a district President Trump carried by 20 points , wrote that Tiperneni `` is a great candidate who 's run a grassroots campaign against the same super PACs & special interests we faced in PA. '' They urged Arizona voters to support them
Rooting for @ hiral4congress today in Arizona 's special election . Dr. Tipirneni is a great candidate who 's run a grassroots campaign against the same super PACs & special interests we faced in PA . If you 're in # AZ08 , get to the polls & help win another one for working families . — Conor Lamb ( @ ConorLambPA ) April 24 , 2018
6:31 PM — Arizona Special : It 's not like Pennsylvania 's contest
FiveThirtyEight , a partner of ABC News , reports that for Democratic candidate Hiral Tiperneni to win , they would need to outperform Conor Lamb 's numbers in last month 's special election in Pennsylvania .
They note the voters in the district are older and white ( the area is popular with retires ) and these voters tend to vote Republican .
In their analysis , they conclude : `` Even if , as expected , Democrats do lose this race , it could still be good news for their prospects in November . The key question to ask is this : How much did Tipirneni outperform partisan-lean-based expectations by ? ''
FiveThirtyEight also discussed the special election in their podcast .
During the conversation , politics writer Clare Malone points out the Arizona contest is not like the March special election in Pennsylvania 's 18th Congressional District .
`` Pennsylvania has a more recent history of voting Democratic , '' they said , adding that tonight 's contest is `` a bit of a different political landscape . ''
The entire podcast can be heard here .
5:25 PM — By the Numbers
Since the April 17th primary , where both candidates faced fairly competitive races , Republican Debbie Lesko has outraised Democrat Hiral Tiperneni .
Lesko has brought in $ 350,748 , according to Federal Election Commission data , while Tiperneni has raised $ 229,335 .
Since after the primary , outside groups have spent a total of $ 1,357,590 on the race , overwhelmingly in favor of Lesko .
4:30 PM — Trump tweets for GOP candidate
President Donald Trump waded into the election with a tweet encouraging people to vote for Republican candidate Debbie Lesko .
Arizona has a history of strong early voting . As of Monday , 155,694 voters had cast ballots , according to early voting data from the Arizona secretary of state 's office . The district has 455,660 registered voters .
Lesko is favored to win but the president 's tweet could be an effort to pump up the final margins . Most Democrats would consider it a “ victory ” of sorts if their candidate , Hiral Tiperneni , loses by single digits .
Arizona , please get out today and vote @ DebbieLesko for Congress in # AZ08 . Strong on Border , Immigration and Crime . Great on the Military . Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today . We need Debbie in Congress ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) April 24 , 2018
6:00 AM — Polls have opened
Polls opened in Arizona at 6am MST ( 9am EST ) for a special election to replace former Republican Rep. Trent Franks in the 8th Congressional District .
A strong performance by the Democratic candidate in this deeply red district would be another sign of the party 's enthusiasm and growing strength ahead of the 2018 midterm election .
The race pits Democrat and cancer research advocate Hiral Tiperneni against Republican former state senator Debbie Lesko .
The deeply red district is composed of Maricopa County -- the home of former Sheriff Joe Arpaio , a hero to the conservative movement . President Donald Trump won the district by 21 points .
Franks resigned on December 8 , 2017 , after an investigation was launched into conversations they had with members of their staff .
The special election will determine who represents the seat through January 2019 . Whoever wins the seat on Tuesday night will have to run and win again in both in the August primary in Arizona , and the general election in November to hold the seat .
Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff 's Department made an arrest of a couple who they say are “ career criminals , ” suspected of stealing or breaking into over 40 vehicles across multiple areas .
Early on the morning of January 14 , deputies took into custody Joseph Trapen , 21 , of Tickaw and Cali Nobles , 27 , of Ponchatoula after a two day search for them . They say the couple are suspected of over 40-50 vehicle burglaries , 4 possible aggravated burglaries , multiple counts of auto theft , and several other charges .
The couple also expanded their alleged crime spree from the Ponchatoula area into multi-jurisdictions , authorities say .
The couple were located traveling in a black 2014 KIA in the Ponchatoula area after they were caught breaking into a car in Green Leaf Subdivision . The two led deputies in a chase where they crashed and fled on foot , stealing a pick-up truck , and escaping to the Livingston Parish .
Officials with the TPSO working in conjunction with Livingston Parish Sheriff 's Office discovered Trapen and Nobles were located in a trailer off of James Chapel Road in Livingston .
When authorities arrived with K-9 assistance to take the couple into custody , Trapen was non-compliant , they say , and pulled a gun on deputies . They were later disarmed by deputies after losing control of the weapon and was taken into custody .
After Trapen and Nobles were arrested , authorities were able to recover several reported stolen items from both Tangipahoa and Livingston burglaries .
Nobles was transported to LPSO jail , while Trapen was taken to Lallie Kemp Hospital for treatment for wounds from K-9 apprehension .
The investigation is ongoing and charges have not yet been completed . The two face a number of charges including burglary , aggravated burglary , theft , possession of stolen property , auto theft , and several other offenses . Trapen and Nobles were both wanted by the TPSO , LPSO , and the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff 's Office on multiple charges including theft and burglary .
Copyright 2017 WAFB . All rights reserved .
Snapchat has paired up with The Pokmon Company to debut a Pikachu filter that turns users ' faces into that of the famous yellow electric Pokmon . Best of all , whenever you open your mouth you 'll hear Pikachu 's instantly recognizable voice as the animated character leaps onto the screen to strike a pose ! Got ta snap 'em all ! [ ]
( via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens )
Golf Digital Wraps Best January Ever for Minutes Streamed and Page Views
Golf Channel posted its most-watched January ever with an average of 116,000 viewers per minute in Total Day , up 23 % vs. last year and up 10 % vs. the previous high in January 2013 , according to data released by The Nielsen Company . This builds off December 2017 being the most-watched December ever for Golf Channel . Additionally , January 's success was mirrored across Golf Digital , which posted its best January for minutes streamed ( 22.6M ) and page views ( 78.5M ) , up 34 % and 19 % respectively .
Sunday , January 28 was Golf Channel 's most-watched Sunday on record . During the PGA TOUR 's Farmers Insurance Open playoff between Jason Day and Alex Noren from 7:15 to 8:30 p.m . ET on Sunday – airing opposite The Grammy Awards – Golf Channel was the No . 1 Nielsen-measured cable network for Total Viewers , up 24 % vs. second place ( ESPN ) . The playoff was also Golf Channel 's most-watched PGA TOUR telecast ever .
“ Golf is carrying a lot of momentum into 2018 with a deep roster of developing stars across the professional tours , a superstar making their return to competitive golf and a rapid evolution in the many ways golfers are participating in and consuming the game , ” said Mike McCarley , president , Golf , NBC Sports . “ It 's especially promising to see record viewership — and it 's only January . ”
Golf Channel 's comprehensive slate of tournament coverage rounds out record-setting January :
LPGA Tour 's Pure Silk Bahamas Classic Round One became the tour 's most-watched Opening Day in 9 years .
PGA TOUR Champions saw 2 nd best Opening Day in 5 years at Mitsubishi Electric Championship .
best Opening Day in 5 years at Mitsubishi Electric Championship . Web.com Tour 's Round One from the Bahamas Abaco Classic was the tour 's most-watched telecast since July 2016 .
As Golf Channel celebrated its 23rd anniversary since co-founders Arnold Palmer and Joe Gibbs launched the network on January 17 , 1995 , the company has evolved globally , now available to nearly 500 million viewers in more than 80 countries and delivering content in nine languages . Additionally , NBC Sports Group serves golfers and golf courses with an expanding portfolio of digital lifestyle brands , highlighted by GolfNow booking a record 15.2 million rounds of golf in 2017 ; Golf Advisor exceeding 700,000 golf course reviews by golfers , for golfers at nearly 9,000 courses worldwide ; Golf Channel Am Tour continuing as the world 's largest amateur tour in golf ; and fully integrating Revolution Golf and Golf Channel Academy within Golf Channel 's operations . Additional highlights from January include :
Inflight connectivity and entertainment provider Gogo continued its leadership overhaul April 20 with several reassignments for top executives .
The latest moves come after Gogo on March 5 announced the departure of its then-CEO and appointment of Oakleigh Thorne , then a director who also headed Gogo 's largest shareholder , Thorndale Farm .
According to the latest announcement :
• John Wade will be the first president of Gogo 's commercial aviation division , a new position ;
• Sergio Aguirre will be president of Gogo 's business aviation division and will continue to be responsible for managing the division ;
• Jon Cobin will become chief strategy officer and executive VP-corporate development , another new position ; and
• Anand Chari , previously chief technology officer , will move into a new role as strategic technology advisor .
“ Gogo has a deep bench of talent and this realigns our leadership structure to accelerate our strategic priorities of driving quality for airlines and passengers and sharpening our operational focus , ” Thorne said . “ These appointments will help Gogo fully capitalize on John and Sergio 's deep aviation experience while enhancing accountability with end-to-end responsibility for our two critical divisions . We are also confident that Jon 's new role will help maximize the value of inflight internet and help us realize our significant long-term growth and value creation opportunities . ”
The new roles take effect May 1 .
Michael Bruno/Aviation Week michael.bruno @ aviationweek.com
Entertainment of Monday , 2 January 2017
Source : enewsgh.com
2017-01-02
Article Wan and the children at the Orphanage
Ghana 's sensational upcoming artiste , Article Wan took the love to the Countryside Children 's Welfare Home in the Awutu Bawjiase . The artiste , together with their team , donated items worth thousands of cedis to the Children 's Home . This they indicate is to give back to society for which they will in the near future set up a Foundation , which will focus on helping sick and underprivileged children .
They donated food stuffs and other valuable items including bags of rice , can drink , soaps , mineral water , mattresses , income , cooking oil and other toiletries .
According to Article Wan , the donation was their little contribution from them to improve conditions of the Countryside Children 's Welfare Home in the hope that they would also grow into useful adults in future .
They also talked about their music career and entertained the children with their trending banger “ Solo ” which really did excite the children .
Article Wan promised they will continue to support Country-side Children 's Welfare Home with more of such gestures and donations calling on others to emulate their example .
They vowed further help to the orphanage , adding that they were pleased to be connected with endeavors at dealing with the socially impeded .
See pictures below :
LEICESTER , England ( AP ) Leicester has fired director of rugby Richard Cockerill after 13 years on the English rugby power 's staff .
It comes after the 10-time champions dropped out of the Premiership 's playoff spots after losses to Exeter and Saracens , following an embarrassing 38-0 European defeat to Munster .
Cockerill , a former England hooker , played for Leicester and became a coach in 2004 , initially with the academy . They were twice interim head coach before taking on the role permanently in 2009 and then taking the full reins as rugby director in 2010 .
Leicester won the Premiership in 2009 , 2010 and 2013 .
Cockerill said : ” I still believe that I am the right person to lead the team at this present time but respect the board 's decision to make the change . ”
Get the Mach newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
Even people who know little about Albert Einstein 's work know they were brilliant — so clever that their name is synonymous with genius . Of course , the mind that gave us the theory of general relativity , the 1915 masterwork that sealed Einstein 's scientific reputation , was human . And so Einstein made their share of mistakes .
Here 's a close look at three times the great physicist , born on Pi Day ( March 14 ) 139 years ago today , got things wrong .
1 . Starlight bends — but how much ?
Place a heavy ball on a sheet of rubber , and the ball 's weight distorts the sheet . Einstein realized that something similar happens in space : Gravity from stars and other massive objects bends the paths of nearby light rays . If a ray of light from a distant star passes the sun on its way to Earth , for example , it should bend enough to cause a tiny shift in the observed position of the star .
It 's not easy to test this idea . For one thing , the shift is truly minute . And the blinding light of the sun can make distant stars hard to see . But astronomers realized that even a tiny shift ought to be visible during a total solar eclipse , when light from the sun is blotted out .
The total solar eclipse of May 29 , 1919 , as viewed from Sobral in Brazil , during a Royal Observatory expedition . Science and Society Picture Library / Getty Images
Einstein performed a series of calculations to determine the size of the predicted shift but initially muffed the effort , arriving at a number that was half the correct value .
Had the astronomers managed to test this number in their initial eclipse-viewing efforts , their observations would n't have matched their prediction . But their attempts were stymied by weather in 1912 and by war in 1914 . By the time they made the necessary observation , in the spring of 1919 , Einstein had corrected their blunder — and astronomers saw exactly the shift that they had predicted .
2 . Gravitational waves do n't exist — or do they ?
The discovery of gravitational waves in 2016 was hailed as a triumph of Einstein 's theory , the confirmation of a prediction made in 1916 . But as you might suspect , there 's more to the story .
Soon after developing general relativity , Einstein began to wonder if there might be a wave associated with gravity as there is with electromagnetism . ( Electromagnetic waves include visible light as well as radio waves , microwaves , and X-rays . )
Einstein moved on to other problems . When they returned to it two decades later , they concluded that gravitational waves could n't exist because they 'd create “ singularities ” — regions in which space and time are stretched to infinity .
A scientist is silhouetted against a visualization of gravitational waves during a press conference by the Max Planck Institute for Gravitational Physics ( Albert Einstein Institute ) at the Leibniz University in Hanover , Germany , Thursday , Feb. 11 , 2016 . JULIAN STRATENSCHULTE / EPA
But Einstein had goofed because of the mathematical coordinate system they used to tackle the problem . It 's a bit like what happens with the latitude and longitude used to track positions on Earth , says University of Arkansas physicist Daniel Kennefick . It works fine in most places on the planet . But as one gets close to the poles , lines of longitude converge and the system breaks down .
`` It does n't mean the North Pole does n't exist — it 's a real place — it 's just that the coordinate system breaks down , '' Kennefick says .
Einstein had n't shown that gravitational waves could n't exist , only that they could n't exist in the mathematical system that he 'd used .
When Einstein submitted a paper arguing that gravitational waves do n't exist to Physical Review , the journal 's editor sent it back to for revisions . Outraged , Einstein withdrew it . By the time they submitted it to another journal , they had corrected their mistake . The revised paper argued that gravitational waves do , in fact , exist .
3 . Einstein and the expanding universe
Einstein was uncomfortable with some of relativity 's implications , including one of the biggest — that the universe is n't a static thing but an entity that must expand or contract . This was unthinkable to Einstein , who believed the universe existed in a “ steady state . ”
So Einstein added a fudge factor to their equations , a kind of energy associated with empty space . This cosmological constant allowed for a stable universe . But sure enough , astronomers in the 1920s confirmed that the universe was expanding . Einstein later called the cosmological constant the “ greatest blunder ” of their career .
Einstein 's resistance to the idea of an expanding universe makes sense in light of their classical education , says Marcia Bartusiak , a science journalism professor at MIT and the author of several books on the history of physics . Their schooling took place in the 1880s and 1890s , when the prevailing wisdom — based on physics going back to the work of Isaac Newton — was that the universe was static . An expanding cosmos simply `` did n't fit with their view of how the universe acted , '' they say . But when astronomers showed Einstein the data , they came around .
“ He listened to the evidence , from [ astronomer Edwin ] Hubble , ” Bartusiak says . `` He admitted their error . ”
( In the late 1990s , astronomers discovered that the universe is not only expanding but expanding at an accelerating rate . Now they wonder if something like Einstein 's cosmological constant is playing a role — which means their earlier “ mistake ” may in fact have been an idea ahead of its time . )
Albert Einstein in their study in Berlin in 1919 at the age of 40 . AP
Einstein 's errors take nothing away from their extraordinary achievements . Indeed , they would hardly be noteworthy if they involved a lesser thinker . And the fact that they did n't let themselves be derailed by their missteps — that they changed course in light of new evidence — is a hallmark of their brilliance , says historian Jürgen Renn .
“ He persisted , in spite of incredible obstacles , in spite of the errors , ” says Renn , director of the Max Planck Institute for the History of Science in Berlin . “ And in the end , they came up with one of the most revolutionary theories in all physics . ”
The iPhone 7 does n't look much different than its predecessors , but the deeper you dive , the more improvements you 'll find . The camera is a great performer , there are dual speakers , and Apple finally made its flagship device water-resistant . If you 've managed to snag one , then you 're likely enjoying it , but sometimes a single issue can kill the fun . We 've been filtering feedback to isolate the main iPhone 7 problems that users are running into , and we 've got some potential fixes and workarounds to put the smile back on your face .
Issue : “ No Service ” detected
In September , MacRumors reported that it had an internal document from Apple showing that the company was aware of a bug that caused the iPhone 7 to have no cellular service after coming out of Airplane Mode . The company said it had resolved the issue , but now it has also launched a repair program for those still suffering from it . Apple says the issue affects a “ small ” percentage ” of devices , but those with an affected device can take their phone in to an Apple Store to get a free repair . Model numbers affected by the issue include A1660 , A1780 , and A779 , and you can check the model number on the back of your device .
Potential solutions :
Apple has an official solution posted for this issue , which walks you through restarting and re-inserting your SIM card . We suggest that you follow these instructions any time your iPhone 7 ca n't get a cellular connection .
Update to the latest version of iOS , if you have n't yet .
If the issue persists , check your model number to see if your eligible for a free device repair .
Annoyance : No 3.5-millimeter headphone jack
Apple 's decision to kill the headphone jack has , understandably , been very controversial . If you 've already invested in a killer pair of headphones that rely on the standard port present in every phone up until now , you could be forgiven for being a wee bit peeved . Having to use the Lightning port also means that you ca n't charge your iPhone 7 while you 're using headphones . There are some workarounds , but there 's no real solution for this one .
Workarounds :
There 's an adapter in the box with your iPhone 7 , or you could consider snagging a Bluetooth adapter . Check out our guide on how to use your old headphones with the iPhone 7 for more ideas .
Maybe it 's time to go wireless ? Check out our guide to the best wireless Bluetooth headphones .
Problem : iPhone 7 makes a hissing sound
A lot of iPhone 7 owners have been complaining about a mysterious hissing sound coming from the back of the device . It seems to be louder when the iPhone is engaged in heavy lifting , such as when a demanding app or game is running , which suggests that it 's related to the processor . Put your ear next to the Apple logo and run something that requires a lot of processing power to test for yourself . It 's also worth mentioning that many phones and other devices will emit some hissing and other noises when under heavy stress — if you listen closely enough , that is . We just do n't notice it most of the time . This problem was affecting enough people that both Ars Technica and 9to5Mac reported on it .
Potential solution :
There 's currently no fix for this , but reports suggest that it 's not something that 's present in every iPhone 7 , so you might want to return your handset and get a new one . If it 's really bothering you , then contact Apple , your carrier , or your retailer and ask for a replacement .
Issue : Poor battery life
Battery life for the iPhone 7 should be a lot better than it was for the iPhone 6S , thanks to a larger battery and the more efficient A10 Fusion chip . For a lot of people on the Apple discussion forums , that does seem to be the case , but we 've also seen some complaints about rapid battery drain , with more recent complaints resulting from the iOS 10.2 update .
Workarounds :
Update to iOS 10.3.2 if you have n't already . Battery drain issues were addressed in this update .
If you head into Settings > Battery , you can turn Low Power Mode on to stretch your battery further , but it comes at a cost . Mail fetch , Hey Siri , Background app refresh , automatic downloads , and some visual effects will be reduced or turned off completely . However , you can individually turn off any of these things for a lesser bump in battery life .
Take a look under Battery Usage in Settings > Battery and see if any particular app is guzzling too much power . Consider updating , uninstalling , or replacing it .
Check out our iPhone battery tips for more ideas , or our roundup of the best portable battery chargers .
Glitch : Ca n't activate a new iPhone 7
A lot of people have trouble activating their new iPhones . If you 're getting a message about the activation server being unavailable , it could be that Apple is simply struggling to cope with the current volume or people trying to access it . You can check the status here — if there is n't a green box next to iOS Device Activation , then try again later .
Possible fixes :
If you 're trying to do it using your cellular connection , then switch to Wi-Fi instead .
Try turning your iPhone off and on again by pressing and holding the Sleep/Wake button and then dragging the slider to turn the device completely off . Press and hold the Sleep/Wake button again to turn it on .
Make sure that iTunes is up to date , and try plugging your iPhone 7 into your computer and completing the activation using iTunes .
Contact your carrier and ask if there are any known issues with iPhone 7 activation . You might need to get a replacement SIM card .
If nothing has worked , then it 's time to contact Apple .
Problem : Poor phone call/speaker quality
This is one of the most widely reported iPhone 7 problems . There are multiple threads on the Apple discussion forums full of iPhone 7 owners who have reported this particular problem . People have said that incoming audio sounds distant , or it 's too low to hear . Enough people have even made complaints about this that Apple has since updated a support page in an attempt to help people with sound issues .
Official solution :
Why it matters to you Gambit was one of the most popular X-Men characters of the 1990s , but their solo movie has been stalled for years . A n the move that gets the project going again ?
It 's been a revolving door behind the camera for Gambit , the X-Men spinoff movie set to star Channing Tatum as the popular Cajun mutant , but the project might finally have found a new director in Pirates of the Caribbean and A Cure For Wellness filmmaker Gore Verbinski .
The Oscar-winning director is reportedly close to signing a deal to direct Gambit for 20th Century Fox , according to Deadline , and would bring their flair for action-filled spectacle to the X-Men universe if all goes well with negotiations .
Verbinski is the latest director to join the project after several high-profile filmmakers were attached to the film at one point or another and eventually exited . Edge of Tomorrow and The Bourne Identity director Doug Liman was previously attached to direct the film , and the same goes for Rise of the Planet of the Apes director Rupert Wyatt . The Shawshank Redemption director Frank Darabont was also rumored as a leading candidate to direct it at one point .
Created by Chris Claremont and Jim Lee in 1990 , Gambit is a mutant from New Orleans and a recurring member of the X-Men team who was one of the '90s most popular comic-book characters . They have the power to charge objects with a powerful kinetic energy that explodes on impact , allowing them to turn anything into a weapon — a skill they often employ with a deck of cards that they fling at enemies . Raised by the mysterious Guild of Thieves , Remy LeBeau ( aka Gambit ) has a long history with Marvel Comics ' mutant superhero team as both an enemy and ally of the X-Men .
John Carter and Friday Night Lights actor Taylor Kitsch portrayed Gambit in the 2009 film X-Men Origins : Wolverine , the character 's only big-screen , live-action appearance to date .
The screenplay for Gambit was penned by RoboCop ( 2014 ) screenwriter Josh Zetumer , with Claremont providing the initial story outline for the film . Recent reports had the studio considering an R rating for the film .
Spectre and Blue is the Warmest Color actor Lea Seydoux was attached to play the female lead , Bella Donna Boudreaux , in August 2015 . They seem to have also exited the project at some point , likely due to its prolonged development process .
No official release date for Gambit has been announced at this point .
OAKLAND , Calif. — LeBron James spent Memorial Day with their kids enjoying some barbecue . Once the grill got turned off , the television went on and they tuned in to study Game 7 of the Western Conference finals .
Golden State at Houston .
James had no doubt who would win .
“ Going against the Warriors in the last three years in the finals , I kind of figured or thought that they could get it done , ” James said . “ Just because of the 18 of a possible 21 finals games that I 've played against them in the last three years , I figured that they could make it happen . Just their championship DNA . ”
They were right . And Warriors-Cavs IV now awaits .
The NBA Finals are now as much a part of James ' calendar each year as birthdays and holidays . He 's always there , now eight consecutive years and counting , the last four of those with the Warriors standing in the way of James and their Cleveland Cavaliers . Game 1 is Thursday night , and even with James playing at absurd levels the Cavs find themselves as significant underdogs .
James is averaging 34 points , 9.2 rebounds and 8.8 assists in these playoffs . Anything less than that , and he 'd have a lot more time for those barbecues with their kids . And in this series , even more might be required if he 's to win their fourth ring in the past seven years .
“ He does n't walk around acting like he 's carrying a team , like he 's carrying an organization , ” Cavaliers guard Kyle Korver said . “ He does n't walk around like that . I mean , they know he 's LeBron James , and they know who they are . But he 's really for all of their teammates . He 's always talking to guys , trying to help them get better . He 's a really great leader . ”
That 's one of the countless areas where James has gotten better — one of the countless reasons why the finals are now an annual rite for him .
Warriors coach Steve Kerr remembers watching the last Miami-San Antonio title matchup in 2014 when the Spurs basically dared James to shoot the ball from the perimeter by sliding under every screen the Heat would set for him .
The Spurs won that series in five games . They made it look easy at times , too .
“ Contrast that to now where he 's shooting fadeaway 3s from 30 feet to close games out , ” Kerr said . “ I think their confidence level in their shot is the biggest thing . But I think it is pretty remarkable when you 've got a guy who is already considered one of the top few players ever to play the game can make that much improvement late in their career . It 's a testament to their work ethic and to their work on their skillset . ”
The Warriors have more talent , by a very wide margin . They have four All-Stars — Stephen Curry , Klay Thompson , Kevin Durant and Draymond Green . They have former MVPs in Curry and Durant . They have a former Finals MVP coming off their bench , or rather they will when Andre Iguodala returns from the bone bruise that has kept them sidelined of late .
The Cavaliers have James .
That represents hope . They make the Cavs better . They even make the Warriors better .
“ LeBron 's one of those guys that in order for you to be great like that , you 've got to do it , day after day , ” Durant said . “ A lot of people do n't have that mental capacity to even think about being that great every day , you know what I 'm saying ? So that 's inspiration right there . That 's just motivation to be the best that you can be as well . ”
Once that TV went on Monday night , James locked in on this series .
Around-the-clock treatment on their body Tuesday , including 4 1/2 hours of it on the team 's flight to San Francisco . Treatment and workouts on Wednesday . Treatments and pregame shooting on Thursday . Then game time .
Unlike that Rockets-Warriors game , they do n't know what will happen in Game 1 .
But he 's ready . He 's always ready .
“ The level that I can play at is to be seen , but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am , ” James said . “ So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself . But for me , I understand and I know how much I put into the game . So everything else is OK . ”
——
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Military detains Borno official for ‘ hiding ' Boko Haram militant ; govt reacts
The official is accused of hiding a fighter in their Maiduguri home .
The post Military detains Borno official for ‘ hiding ' Boko Haram militant ; govt reacts appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Today , I 'll be taking a page out of the great Zach Lowe and their weekly “ 10 things I like and do n't like. ” Here , I 'll dissect three things I like and three that I do n't . Let 's begin :
1 . Joel Embiid , bigger than everyone
I 've long held that Embiid 's two most valuable assets are their 3-point shot and simply being the biggest man on the floor .
Embiid is all of 7-2 and 250 pounds , and the most physically imposing NBA star since Shaquille O'Neal . What 's most terrifying is that they do n't even know how to harness it just yet .
Embiid 's progression is extremely atypical . Embiid 's college highlights are a tantalizing compilation of ball fakes , spin moves , and half-hooks . After ascending to the NBA , Embiid has morphed into a physically commanding behemoth capable of bullying the bullies .
Embiid 's college to NBA transition is the antithesis of the most players ' adjustments . They traded less ballerina for more bruiser .
This play is just ridiculous . This is a shot that a very select group of players has ever been capable of doing . It 's the Wilt Chamberlain “ I 'm bigger than you ” shot . They shoot right handed , over their right shoulder . Their body is perpendicular to the basket . Marcin Gortat is 6-10 , by the way .
Just imagine when they learn how to play basketball .
2 . The Jahlil Okafor -Joel Embiid Experiment
This just might be the basketball equivalent of wearing a striped sweater with plaid pants . Let 's start with some quick stats here .
Yikes . Sure , you could quickly label Jahlil Okafor as the antagonist here . But it 's worth noting that lineups with only Okafor are more effective defensively than lineups with both .
In lineups with both big men , opponents are shooting 48 percent from three ( albeit on 25 attempts ) compared to 35 percent on the season overall . The slightest mishap in rotations makes them susceptible to a 3-point barrage . To mitigate that risk , the Sixers have tried to experiment with these lineups during a time when they face several consecutive teams with traditional power forwards .
Luckily , it does seem that this experiment was a planned endeavor and that the experiment will be winding down soon . Just keep your eyes covered for the next four or five games .
3 . Nik Stauskas , getting there
Look , I like Nik Stauskas . They make quick , smart decisions that will pay major dividends when the game slows down for them and their body continues to improve . Perhaps the most telling statistic to point to their decision making is that they rank in the 94th percentile in points per possessions off screens , per synergy . Translation : when given a set of moving variables , they know what decision to make . Acknowledge the patience here .
They know what reactions will result from their actions . As they figure out how to better use their physical tools to their advantage , he 'll be dangerous .
A lot of their misses look like this :
And a lot of their turnovers look like this :
I rarely find Stauskas ' mind in the wrong place . I 'm all in on “ poor man 's Manu Ginobili . ”
4 . Ersan Ilyasova : The Professional Flopper
Flopping is garbage . I have no respect for it at any level of hoops . If your value as a player is contingent upon deceiving referees , you do n't deserve to be on the floor .
The most common defense for single instances of flopping is that the player is willing to do whatever it takes to win the game . I 'm reminded of one of my all-time favorite quotes from one of my youth league coaches : “ We never lose our character over a game . ”
Ilyasova has seemed to have a positive locker room impact on the young Sixers . They provide a composed veteran presence and even earned the nickname “ the Professional . ”
But the flopping is tough to stomach . They received a warning on November 25th for their flop against the Memphis Grizzlies . That oughta show him . The league should listen to Jeff Van Gundy and tighten up their rules .
5 . Joel Embiid 's social media presence
Embiid can be as outlandish as they please and we still enjoy it . Exhibit A : voting themselves an All-Star so that they can date an anonymous famous woman ( let 's be real , it 's probably Rihanna ) .
Joel Embiid is everything the Sixers ' needed both on and off the court . Embiid has brought continued positive spotlight back to the Sixers for the first time since the Iverson days .
Embiid knows the way to fans ' hearts . Play hard on the court , and show them love off of it . Embiid coining the nickname , “ The Process ” and playing like an All-Star is everything that Hinkie-era fans deserved . To put it in perspective , there are many casual NBA fans who are unfamiliar with Hinkie 's process , but know Joel as “ The Process . ”
We have never lived in an era where fans can connect with NBA players through one click , and we have also never seen a player that is as social media savvy as Joel . They are our treasure .
6 . Robert Covington , not figuring out how to drive
The progression of players ' jump shots if often difficult to track . Sample size combined with the near invisible line between a make and a miss can make statistics deceiving . Even Danny Green clocked in at 33 percent last season despite shooting 40.7 percent for their career and 46 percent so far this season .
Production at the rim , however , is not nearly as fickle . Covington has exhibited little to no progress in their ability to attack the basket , and is now resorting to simply driving less .
The vast majority of Covington 's misses look like this :
It 's almost as if Covington has just dipped their hand in a puddle of grease before going up for each layup .
They seem to not trust their own momentum at times . They often mistime their jumps and feels like they need to throw the ball in . Bear in mind also their fouls drawn percentage decreasing over the past three years . That tells me that Covington is starting to shy away from contact , and therefore , from the rim .
Covington is still an extremely useful player , and not every player in the league can be expected to deposit gentle finger rolls five times a night . But I 'd like to see Covington attack the basket with more authority on a regular basis .
More from The Sixer Sense
This article originally appeared on
Their nomination in peril , Veterans Affairs nominee Ronny Jackson fought Tuesday to convince lawmakers of their leadership abilities as more details of accusations against them emerged , ranging from repeated drunkenness to a toxic work environment as they served as a top White House doctor .
President Donald Trump sent mixed signals about their choice to lead the sprawling veterans ' agency , suggesting during a White House news conference that Jackson may want to withdraw because of unfair scrutiny . But the president privately urged their nominee to keep fighting to win Senate confirmation , and Jackson showed few signs of backing down .
A watchdog report requested in 2012 and reviewed by The Associated Press found that Jackson and a rival physician exhibited `` unprofessional behaviors '' as they engaged in a power struggle over the White House medical unit . The six-page report by the Navy 's Medical Inspector General found a lack of trust in the leadership and low morale among staff members , who described the working environment as `` being caught between parents going through a bitter divorce . ''
`` There is a severe and pervasive lack of trust in the leadership that has deteriorated to the point that staff walk on 'eggshells , ' '' the assessment found .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The inspector general report reviewed by The AP included no references to improper prescribing of drugs or the use of alcohol , separate allegations revealed by a Senate committee .
Jackson declined to answer reporters ' questions about those allegations and gave no indication they would withdraw . The White House disputed that they had improperly administered medication , saying the medical unit passed regular audits by the Controlled Substance Inventory Board .
The audit appeared to contradict public statements from Jackson , who denied the existence of any inspector general report detailing troubling behavior .
After the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee abruptly postponed their confirmation hearing , which had been set for Wednesday , Jackson visited lawmakers to assure them they were fit to lead the VA .
`` I 'm looking forward to getting it rescheduled and answering everybody 's questions , '' they said in video captured by MSNBC , referring to their hearing .
During a White House news conference , Trump insisted they would stand behind Jackson , calling the White House doctor `` one of the finest people that I have met . '' But they questioned why Jackson would want to put themselves through the confirmation fight , which they characterized as unfair .
`` I would n't do it , '' Trump said in the East Room , standing next to French President Emmanuel Macron .
`` What do they need it for ? What do you need this for ? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that are n't thinking nicely about our country ? '' Trump asked .
Trump said Jackson , who has been a White House physician since 2006 , would make a decision soon . Jackson met privately with Trump Tuesday afternoon in the Oval Office and the president urged them to keep fighting to win confirmation , according to a White House official briefed on the meeting . The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe internal discussions , said Jackson denied the allegations .
Digging in , the White House released handwritten reports from Trump and former President Barack Obama praising Jackson 's leadership and medical care , and recommending them for promotion .
Obama wrote in one report , `` Promote to Rear Admiral now . '' Trump wrote last year that Jackson is `` A GREAT DOCTOR + LEADER - ' 2 STAR MATERIAL . ' ''
A doomed VA nomination would be a political blow to the White House , which has faced criticism for sloppy vetting of Cabinet nominees and tough confirmation battles in a Senate where Republicans hold a slim 51-49 majority .
Prior to Jackson 's nomination , Trump had told aides and outside advisers that they were fond of Jackson personally and was said to be particularly impressed with Jackson 's performance at the White House press room podium in January , when they offered a glowing report on the president 's physical and mental well-being .
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , D-N.Y. , said the American people were the losers in a shaky nomination effort . The Trump Cabinet , they said , `` is turning into a sad game of musical chairs . ''
Trump tapped Jackson last month after firing former Obama administration official David Shulkin following an ethics scandal and mounting rebellion within the agency . But Jackson has faced numerous questions from Republican and Democratic lawmakers , as well as veterans groups , about whether they have the experience to manage the massive department of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans .
Allegations began surfacing late last week involving Jackson 's workplace practices , including claims of inappropriate behavior and over-prescribing prescription drugs , according to two aides granted anonymity to discuss the situation . The complaints the White House heard include that they oversaw a poor work environment and that they had drunk alcohol on the job , according to an administration official who demanded anonymity to speak on a sensitive personnel matter .
The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee said it would postpone indefinitely Jackson 's hearing to give it more time to sort through the allegations .
Detailing the allegations to NPR , Sen. Jon Tester of Montana , the committee 's top Democrat , said more than 20 current and retired military personnel had made complaints to the committee about Jackson . They included claims that Jackson was `` repeatedly drunk '' while on travel with Obama and that on overseas trips they excessively handed out prescription drugs to help travelers sleep and wake up .
Tester later told CNN that Jackson was known inside the White House as `` the candy man , '' because they would hand out prescription drugs `` like candy . ''
Jackson is also accused of creating a `` toxic work environment , '' Tester said on NPR .
`` He is the physician for the president , and in the previous administration we were told the stories they were repeatedly drunk while on duty , where their main job was to take care of the most powerful man in the world . That 's not acceptable , '' Tester said .
Asked if Jackson 's nomination is still viable , the committee chairperson , Sen. Johnny Isakson , R-Ga. , responded , `` We 'll see . ''
The two lawmakers sent a letter to Trump on Tuesday requesting additional information about Jackson . It demands any communication between the Pentagon and the White House for the last 12 years regarding `` allegations or incidents '' involving him .
The 2012 assessment reviewed by the AP suggested the White House consider replacing Jackson or Dr. Jeffrey Kuhlman — or both . Kuhlman was the physician to Obama at the time , and had previously held the role occupied by Jackson : director of the White House medical unit .
According to the report , Jackson admitted they had failed to shield the White House medical unit from the leadership drama . They are quoted saying they were willing to do what was necessary to straighten out the command , even if it `` meant finding a new position in Navy Medicine . ''
The report stated that the `` vast majority '' of those interviewed said Kuhlman had `` irrevocably damaged their ability to effectively lead . '' It added that `` many also believe that CAPT Jackson has exhibited poor leadership , '' but attributed those failures to the relationship with Kuhlman .
The report quoted unnamed members of the White House medical unit who , while participating in a focus group , used phrases like `` Worst command ever , '' `` No one trusts anyone '' and `` The leaders are child-like . '' Jackson was named physician to the President in 2013 , after Kuhlman left the unit entirely .
Still , a follow-up assessment was done in 2013 , and found that the climate in the office had improved a great deal , according to an official familiar with the report . At that point , Jackson was still in the office , but Kuhlman had left .
Declaring a success in Syria , Vladimir Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the war-ravaged country and announced a partial pullout of their forces .
The Russian president 's visit draws a symbolic line under a campaign that has shored up Bashar al-Assad 's government . It is also the first visit by a foreign head of state to Syria since the nation 's bloodletting began nearly seven years ago .
Their brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria 's coastal province of Latakia while on route to Egypt comes days after the Russian president declared their bid to run for re-election in the March 18 vote , helping encourage the feelings of pride about Russia 's revived global clout and prestige .
A Russian Su-24 bomber passes by a portrait of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad at Hemeimeem air base . Sergei Chirikov / EPA file
It also follows the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army under the Russian air cover routed the Islamic State in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the border with Iraq .
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base , Putin hailed their valor . `` You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier , '' they said .
The Hemeimeem base , in the heartland of Assad 's Alawite minority , has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria .
In a speech to the troops , Putin said that they had ordered the military to withdraw a `` significant part '' of the Russian contingent in Syria .
`` Friends , the Motherland is waiting for you , '' Putin said . They added that `` if the terrorists again raise their heads , we will deal such blows to them they have never seen . ''
Vladimir Putin with Assad ( center ) and Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu . Michael Klimentyev / AFP - Getty Images
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane , embracing and shaking hands with Assad at the air base .
Later , Putin arrived in Cairo for talks with their Egyptian counterpart on their two countries ' rapidly expanding ties .
Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi gave Putin an official reception at Cairo 's airport .
Since taking office in 2014 , el-Sissi has bought billions of dollars ' worth of Russian weapons , including fighter jets and assault helicopters .
Millions of children 's plates and bowls are being recalled because a plastic layer can peel off , posing a choking hazard . Other recalled consumer products include toys that also can pose a choking hazard to infants .
Here 's a more detailed look :
CHILDREN 'S PLATES AND BOWLS
DETAILS : Playtex plates and bowls for children . The plates have various printed designs including cars , construction scenes , giraffes , princesses , superheroes and more . Playtex is written on the bottom of the plates and bowls . The plates and bowls were sold separately and together as sets . A Mealtime set is comprised of a plate , a bowl , two utensils and a cup . They were sold at Babies '' R '' Us , Target , Walmart , and other stores nationwide and at Amazon.com from October 2009 through October 2017 .
WHY : The clear plastic layer over the graphics can peel or bubble from the surface of the plates and bowls , posing a choking hazard to young children .
INCIDENTS : 372 reports of the clear plastic layer over the graphics bubbling or peeling . The firm has received 11 reports of pieces of the detached clear plastic found in children 's mouths , including four reports of choking on a piece of the clear plastic layer .
HOW MANY : About 3.6 million in the U.S. and about 1.9 million in Canada .
FOR MORE : Call Playtex at 888-220-2075 from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m . ET Monday through Friday or visit www.playtexproducts.com and click on `` Recall '' for more information .
WIGGLE BALL TOYS
DETAILS : Bruin Infant Wiggle Ball toys , also called a giggle ball . The blue ball has textured bumps for gripping and has orange , green and yellow rubber knobs around the ball . The ball wiggles , vibrates and plays three different musical tunes . It has an on/off switch and requires 3 AA batteries to operate . The recalled wiggle balls have model number 5F6342E and Toys `` R '' Us printed on the product .
WHY : The wiggle ball 's rubber knobs and plastic back can detach , posing a choking hazard to infants .
INCIDENTS : Six reports of rubber knobs breaking off , including four reports of pieces of the product found in children 's mouths .
HOW MANY : About 29,700 in the U.S. and about 3,000 were sold in Canada .
FOR MORE : Call Toys `` R '' Us at 800-869-7787 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m . ET Monday through Friday , or visit www.toysrus.com and click on `` Product Recalls '' for more information .
BICYCLE BRAKES
DETAILS : Avid SD7 bicycle mechanical rim brake . There is a date code stamped on the back of the brake arm with the date format DDMMYY representing the day , month and year of manufacture . The brakes were sold separately by SRAM and were also installed as original equipment on ElliptiGO model 11R elliptical cycles . They were sold at specialty bike stores nationwide and at www.jenson.com and www.REI.com from June 2014 to May 2017 . They were installed as original equipment on ElliptiGO model 11R elliptical cycles from October 2014 to May 2017 .
WHY : A rivet in the brake assembly can loosen or disengage , resulting in brake failure , posing crash and injury hazards to the rider .
INCIDENTS : Five reports of loose or detached rivets . No injuries have been reported .
HOW MANY : About 7,000 .
FOR MORE : Call SRAM at 800-346-2928 from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m . ET Monday through Thursday , 10 a.m. to 6 p.m . ET Fridays or visit www.sram.com and click on the `` Recall Notice '' tab for more information .
WIRELESS SCUBA TANK TRANSMITTER
DETAILS : Suunto Wireless Tank Pressure Transmitters and Tank PODs . The Suunto Tank POD has a black cone-shaped plastic case with SUUNTO TANK POD , MADE IN FINLAND printed in gray color on the case and a transparent plastic base . They were sold nationwide at retailers specializing in scuba diving equipment from October 2003 to April 2017 .
WHY : The exterior plastic case of the Wireless Tank Transmitter and Wireless Tank POD can burst during pre-dive pressure testing , posing an injury hazard .
INCIDENTS : Two incidents of the transmitters bursting during dry land pressure testing , including one report of bruising .
HOW MANY : About 35,500 in the U.S. and about 4,000 in Canada .
FOR MORE : Call Suunto Customer Support at 855-258-0900 , anytime or visit http : //www.suunto.com/ . A list of dealers and authorized service centers can be found at www.suunto.com/dealer-locator . Consumers can also use the free Suunto Online Service Request at www.suunto.com/servicerequest to schedule a picked up from their home or office .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
WASHINGTON — A lawsuit against a North Carolina city for allegedly discriminating against an African-American-owned television network will go forward after the Supreme Court declined to get involved in the case .
The Supreme Court 's announcement Monday that it would not get involved in the dispute leaves in place a ruling of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit earlier this year that revived the lawsuit . A trial court had initially dismissed it .
Black Network Television claims the City of Greensboro rescinded a $ 300,000 economic development loan because of race . The city says race had nothing to do with it . Appeals court judges ruled 2-1 that the lawsuit had been improperly dismissed .
WWE
Santino Marella won their share of honors in WWE . They held the Intercontinental Championship twice and the United States Championship once . They and Vladimir Kozlov were Tag Team Champions . And disguised as their twin sister Santina , they were crowned as the inaugural Miss WrestleMania and then fired by future President Donald Trump .
Unfortunately , Santino suffered neck injuries that forced them to retire from wrestling in 2014 . Although they thought WWE would eventually find a non-wrestling role for him , they were surprised to find themselves released from the company in 2016 . They were never a main eventer , but they were great at making people laugh , and there are those who 'd like to see them in the Hall of Fame .
Since their release Santino ― real name Anthony Carelli ― has mostly focused their time and attention on Battle Arts Academy , the training gym they co-founded in 2013 in their home town of Mississauga , Ontario . Among the classes they teach there is judo , a martial art Santino trained extensively in before they became a wrestler .
MOSCOW — Russian President Vladimir Putin won a landslide re-election victory Sunday , a widely anticipated win that will see them extend their rule over the world 's largest country into a third decade .
The Central Election Commission , with nearly 100 percent of the votes counted , announced that Putin had won 76.66 percent of the vote .
Putin thanked their supporters before final results were announced , yelling to a crowd chanting their name in Moscow , `` We are destined for success ! ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Vladimir Putin wins re-election for fourth term 2:02 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Putin — who promised to strengthen the country 's defenses against the West and boost living standards — also denied Russia was behind the poisoning of former Russian agent Sergei Skripal and their daughter in England .
They have spent almost 14 years as president , and four years in two separate stints as prime minister . Another six-year term would extend their lock on power to 24 years — longer than any Russian leader since Joseph Stalin .
With 99.84 percent of the vote counted , results showed Putin won almost 77 percent of the vote ,
Backed by state TV , a ruling party , and credited with approval ratings of around 80 percent , they faced no credible threat from field of seven challengers . Communist Party candidate Pavel Grudinin had 12 percent , and Vladimir Zhirinovsky , leader of the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia , had 6 percent . TV personality-turned-politician Ksenia Sobchak , whose father was Putin 's political mentor , came in with less that 2 percent of the vote .
There was wide speculation over how many people would turn out to vote and hand Putin a mandate for a fourth term in office .
Election observers reported numerous fraud allegations . The Central Election Commission , or CEC , said it opened 13 criminal cases related to the election .
Opposition leader Alexei Navalny , who was not registered as a candidate over what they call a fabricated criminal case against him , encouraged their supporters to boycott the election , saying high voter turnout would only help legitimize an election with no real competition .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Russian election : Surveillance video allegedly shows vote rigging 0:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Sunday afternoon , Navalny told reporters that their election observers recorded a 12 percent to 18 percent discrepancy in voter turnout compared to the official numbers released by the CEC . They also clashed publicly with Sobchak , accusing them of being a Kremlin stooge .
Despite the allegations of fraud , no protests or marches were staged as results rolled in . Instead , a big celebration marking the fourth anniversary of Russia 's annexation of Crimea took place in Manezhnaya Square in central Moscow .
Speaking to reporters after they appeared before the crowd , Putin said they were grateful for people 's trust and called for unity in the face of political differences .
Asked by a reporter whether the Russian public could expect to see `` an old or new Vladimir Putin , '' the president replied : `` Everything changes . We all change . ''
Vladimir Putin at a rally and concert celebrating the fourth anniversary of Russia 's annexation of Crimea at Manezhnaya Square in Moscow on Sunday . Alexander Zemlianichenko / AP Pool
Putin also commented on what Skripal 's poisoning might mean for Russia 's relationship with Europe .
`` Any sensible person understands that it 's a complete fantasy , rubbish , nonsense , that someone in Russia might do something like this on the eve of the presidential elections and the World Cup , '' he said . `` It 's simply unthinkable . Nonetheless , irrespective of all these difficulties , we are ready to work together and ready to discuss any subject and to overcome any difficulties . ''
Russia expelled 23 British diplomats on Saturday in a retaliatory measure after Britain accused the Kremlin of responsibility for the poisoning . British Prime Minister Theresa May kicked out 23 Russian diplomats last week .
Putin 's most recent term as president has been marked by an escalating conflict between Russia and the West , as seen on at least four fronts : Ukraine , Syria , the United States and , most recently , the spy poisoning scandal . Tensions over the issues have led to suggestions of a new cold war .
As voters cast their votes Sunday in Moscow , many reflected on what the next six years could bring .
Mikhail , 35 , who did n't want to provide their last name , said they voted for Putin and welcomed the status quo .
`` I am happy with everything , '' they said .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Young and defiant : Russia 's rebel vote against Putin 9:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Inna Kovalskaya , a 74-year-old retiree , also voted for Putin , but they said they do want to see change — a stronger economy and a tougher stance on corruption .
`` And a higher pension for myself , '' they added .
College professor Igor Esipov , 73 , voted for the Grudinin of the Communist Part . They said the future looked bleak .
`` There is no economy other than the gas line , '' they said . `` We are left vulnerable . ''
Members of a local election commission in St. Petersburg empty a ballot box as they start counting votes during Russia 's presidential election on Sunday . Olga Maltseva / AFP - Getty Images
Esipov added that Putin did a lot for the country but that they are past their prime as president . `` He accomplished their mission by year 2008 , or maybe even 2012 . That was the peak of their success . They were necessary and important for the country then ... but we need someone else now , '' Episov said .
Less than three weeks before the election , Putin revealed Russia 's new array of nuclear-capable weapons , including an intercontinental ballistic missile that renders defense systems `` useless , '' they said .
The Russian constitution bars Putin from running in 2024 because of a two-term limit , but they would be eligible to run again in 2030 , when they would be 77 . Putin dismissed the possibility of running again in 12 years .
`` Will I be doing this till I am a hundred years old ? '' they asked , before responding , `` No . ''
BDS Movement for Palestinian Rights Nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Bjørnar Moxnes is a member of the Norwegian Parliament
OSLO , Norway , Feb 2 2018 ( IPS ) - As a member of the Norwegian parliament , I proudly use my authority as an elected official to nominate the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ( BDS ) movement for Palestinian rights for the Nobel Peace Prize .
Nominating the BDS movement for this recognition is perfectly in line with the principles I and my party hold very dear . Like the BDS movement , we are fully committed to stopping an ascendant , racist and right-wing politics sweeping too much of our world , and securing freedom , justice and equality for all people .
Inspired by the South African anti-apartheid movement and the American Civil Rights movement , the grassroots , Palestinian-led BDS movement is a peaceful , global human rights movement that urges the use of economic and cultural boycotts to end Israeli violations of Palestinian human rights and international law .
The BDS movement seeks to end Israel 's half-century of military rule over 4.5 million Palestinians , including the devastating ten-year illegal siege collectively punishing and suffocating nearly 2 million Palestinians in Gaza , the ongoing forcible eviction of Palestinians from their homes , and the theft of Palestinian land through the construction of illegal settlements in the occupied West Bank .
It seeks equal rights for Palestinian citizens of Israel , currently discriminated against by dozens of racist laws , and to secure the internationally-recognized legal right of Palestinian refugees to return to homes and lands from which they were expelled .
Palestinian refugees constitute nearly 50 percent of all Palestinians , and they are being denied their right to return , guaranteed by law to all refugees , simply because of their ethnicity .
The BDS movement 's aims and aspirations for basic human rights are irreproachable . They should be supported without reservation by all democratically-minded people and states .
The international community has a longstanding history of supporting peaceful measures such as boycotts and disinvestment against companies that profit from human rights violations . International support for such measures was critical in the struggle against apartheid in South Africa and the racist colonial regime in former Rhodesia .
If the international community commits to supporting BDS to end the occupation of Palestinian territory and the oppression of the Palestinian people , new hope will be lit for a just peace for Palestinians , Israelis and all people across the Middle East .
The BDS movement has been endorsed by prominent figures , including the former Nobel Peace Prize winners Desmond Tutu and Mairead Maguire . It is gaining support from unions , academic associations , churches , and grassroots movements for the rights of refugees , immigrants , workers , women , indigenous peoples and the LGBTQI community . It is increasingly embraced by progressive Jewish groups and anti-racist movements across the world .
Eleven years since BDS ' launch , it 's high time for us to commit to doing no harm , and for all states to withdraw their complicity in Israel 's military occupation , racist apartheid rule , ongoing theft of Palestinian land , and other egregious human rights violations .
Awarding a Nobel Peace Prize to the BDS movement would be a powerful sign demonstrating that the international community is committed to supporting a just peace in the Middle East and using peaceful means to end military rule and broader violations of international law .
My hope is that this nomination can be one humble but necessary step towards bringing forth a more dignified and beautiful future for all peoples of the region .
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville , Va. , Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed their daughter 's life — and , with voice occasionally quavering , called on people to answer hate with forgiveness .
`` My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and they tried to stand up for that , '' the Sharpes , Fla. , resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview . `` With her , it was n't lip service . It was real . ''
Just two days earlier , a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally , killing Heyer 's daughter Heather , 32 , and wounding 19 other people . Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack , saying `` such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred . ''
The man allegedly behind the wheel , James Alex Fields Jr. , had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas , according to a former teacher . Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run .
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that 's `` twisted into something negative '' in its own right , Mark Heyer told the local newspaper .
`` People need to stop hating , and they need to forgive each other . And I include myself in that , in forgiving the guy that did this , '' they said . `` He does n't know any better . You know , I just think of what the Lord said on the cross . Lord forgive him , they do n't know what they 're doing . ''
In this respect , they said they aspire to follow their daughter 's example .
`` You know , my daughter 's life — she 's ... '' they paused , searching for words . `` I 'm proud of them for standing up . They had more courage than I did . They had more courage than I did . They had a stubborn backbone . They thought they were right . They would stand there and defy you .
`` But if I understand her , '' they added , `` she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with their conviction . ''
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend , Heather 's mother , Susan Bro , also praised the way their daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a `` very strong sense of right and wrong . ''
`` It was important to them to speak up for people that they felt were not being heard , to speak up when injustices were happening , '' Bro said , `` and they saw in the lives of many of their African-American friends particularly and their gay friends that equal rights were not being given . ''
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed , along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S . In Seattle and New York City , Atlanta and in Grand Rapids , Mich. , demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and , in the words of one protester , `` resist it fearlessly . ''
`` I hope that their life and what has transpired changes people 's hearts , '' Mark Heyer said . `` You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff , but when you take your last breath , it 's over . It 's done !
`` You 're going to take away what a person has and everything else they 're going to have . There is no more — not here , you know , '' they added . `` And that 's — that 's pretty much all I got , brother . ''
Branch Chief Marketing Officer ( B-CMO ) at XpatFunds – Akwa Ibom
XpatFunds , is recruiting to fill the position of : Branch Chief Marketing Officer ( B-CMO ) . The position is located in Uyo , Akwa Ibom State . Interested candidates should possess a first degree/HND in any of the Social Sciences , with at least 5 years work experience .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Hotnigerianjobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
EAST LIVERPOOL , Ohio ( WYTV ) – Knee replacements are a popular surgery and now a medical advancement is revolutionizing and modernizing the procedure .
Orthopedic surgeon Dr. Marcie Dickie said there are new options available for knee replacement . The parts are made from cobalt chromium with a 3D printer in Massachusetts .
“ When I heard about the 3D printing and I heard about the perfect fit for your tibia , or your lower bone , and your femur , the upper bone , I was thrilled , ” Dickie said .
The mold comes from a CT scan of the hip , knee and ankle to get better alignment .
Mary Morse had gone through almost two years of pain and struggled with stability . They tried exercise , injections , even arthroscopy , before deciding on a 3D knee replacement .
“ How it 's 3D printed and would fit me exactly — nobody else — I was like , ‘ Wow , this is the way to go , ' ” Morse said .
They had run into Dickie at a 5K . Dickie could sense their frustration that nothing had worked .
They decided a ConforMIS knee implant was the only option to alleviate Morse 's pain and get their knee control back so they could work and play .
“ I could tell with Mary that they wanted to do more . They definitely wanted to do more and the knee was holding them back , ” Dickie said .
Morse has hiked , biked , ridden horseback and walked a 10K and three 5Ks since having their surgery in June . She 's even walking in the Columbiana 5K Wednesday night .
They lost 30 pounds before the surgery and another 30 since the surgery to take pressure off their knee .
The advantage of a customized knee is the fit , as opposed to one chosen “ off the shelf . ”
“ There 's less pain , there 's less tissue loss , there 's less bleeding , ” Morse said . “ It enables the healing to progress a lot faster . ”
“ I think that it has changed the recovery and changed the ability of the surgeon to provide you with the best total knee you can have , ” Dickie said .
It 's also more cost-effective since hospitals do n't have to stock different sizes of knee prostheses .
Morse was the second person to have the customized knee replacement surgery at East Liverpool City Hospital . Interestingly , she 's the physical therapist for the person who had it done first .
Dickie has now performed ten customized knee replacements .
Turkish investigators detained eight people Monday in connection with the New Year 's terror attack that killed at least 39 people and injured 70 others at an Istanbul nightclub .
The gunman , who disappeared amid the chaos of the attack , remains at large .
Turkey 's state-run Anadolu Agency said the eight people were taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and were being questioned at Istanbul 's main police headquarters . It did not provide further information on the suspects .
Earlier , Turkish media reports had said that authorities believed the gunman is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan .
ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack Monday . A statement distributed by the terror group 's Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried out by a “ heroic soldier of the caliphate ” who attacked the nightclub “ where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast . ”
It said the man fired an automatic rifle and also detonated hand grenades in “ revenge for God 's religion and in response to the orders ” of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi .
The group described Turkey as “ the servant of the cross ” and also suggested it was in retaliation for Turkish military offensives against ISIS in Syria and Iraq .
“ We let infidel Turkey know that the blood of Muslims that is being shed by its airstrikes and artillery shelling will turn into fire on its territories , ” the statement said
According to the Hurriyet and Karar newspapers , police had established similarities between the nightclub shooting and the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same ISIS cell could have carried out both attacks .
On Monday , Anadolu said more than 100 ISIS targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations .
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff 's office , Anadolu said Turkish jets struck eight ISIS targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab , killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures . The Russian jets also attacked ISIS targets in Dayr Kak , five miles to the southwest of Al Bab .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
The owners of Ringling Bros and Barnum & Bailey Circus announced Saturday that they will close the 146-year-old show in May .
Kenneth Feld , the chairperson and CEO of Feld Entertainment , which owns the circus , said declining attendance combined with high operating costs are the reasons for closing .
Here 's where things stand with the iconic show :
WHEN IS THE CIRCUS ' FINAL SHOW ?
Ringling Bros. has two touring circuses this season : `` Circus Extreme '' and `` Out of This World . '' The final show for `` Circus Extreme '' will be in Providence , Rhode Island , on May 7 , and the other will close after a performance in Uniondale , New York , at the Nassau County Coliseum on May 21 .
___
WHAT HAPPENS BETWEEN NOW AND MAY ?
The two touring circuses will perform a total of 30 shows over the next four months . Most of the shows will be held in the South or the East Coast . Major stops include Atlanta , Washington , Philadelphia , Boston and Brooklyn . Tickets can still be purchased online and at venues .
___
WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO THE EMPLOYEES ?
The Feld family has owned the circus for 49 years , and employs some 500 people for the show . Those employees were told about the closure on Saturday night , after shows in Orlando and Miami . A handful will be placed in positions with the company 's other shows — it owns Monster Jam , Disney on Ice and Marvel Live , among other things — but most will be out of a job . Chief Operating Officer Juliette Feld said the company will help employees with job placement and resumes . In some cases where a circus employee lives on the tour rail car ( the circus travels by train ) , the company will also help with housing relocation .
___
WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO THE ANIMALS ?
In May of 2016 , Ringling retired all of its elephants to a property in central Florida . Forty elephants live at the Center for Elephant Conservation in Polk County . But the circus still has other animals , such as lions , tigers , camels , donkeys , alpacas , kangaroos and llamas .
Juliette Feld says homes will be found for the animals , but the company will continue operating the Center for Elephant Conservation .
___
WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO THE COSTUMES AND PROPS ?
The Feld family has n't decided what it will do with the enormous warehouse filled with circus costumes and props . Kenneth Feld says the company will continue to work with the Circus Museum at The Ringling in Sarasota . That museum holds memorabilia dating to the 1800s , when John Ringling and their family founded Ringling Bros and Barnum and Bailey Circus .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
In the last few years , some of the biggest names in music have rallied behind a simple message for their adoring fans : Put away your phones .
Beyoncé and Alicia Keys have politely asked concertgoers to pocket their devices . The indie duos They & Him and Flight of the Conchords have done it , too . Adele , most famously , scolded a woman at a concert in Italy : “ Can you stop filming me with a video camera ? Because I 'm really here in real life . ”
Jack White performs on Feb. 6 , 2015 in Los Angeles . Larry Busacca / Getty Images for NARAS file
And this week , Jack White became the latest artist to flat-out ban the use of mobile phones at live shows . The former White Stripes frontman , who is slated to release a new album in March , said in a statement that their upcoming concerts will be “ phone-free . ”
“ We think you 'll enjoy looking up from your gadgets for a little while and experience music and our shared love of it IN PERSON , ” White said .
How will it work ? White , 42 , said they want their fans to stow “ all phones and other photo or video-capturing gizmos ” in a locking pouch called Yondr .
The pouches stay with concertgoers and remain sealed while they are in the sanctioned “ phone-free zone , ” keeping them from snapping photos , uploading clips to YouTube or texting their pals . ( Audience members can unlock the pouch to make an emergency call as long as they step away from that area . )
Yondr , the brainchild of a Silicon Valley company of the same name , has become increasingly popular among A-list musicians ( including Keys ) and other performers , like the comedian Dave Chappelle , who recoil at the gleaming sea of gadgets in the crowd .
“ I know my show is protected , and it empowers me to be more honest and open with the audience , ” Chappelle told The New York Times in 2016 .
Right now , in the depths of the Gulf of Mexico , lies an area the size of New Jersey that 's so oxygen-deprived it 's void of almost all marine life .
The so-called `` dead zone '' is n't a new phenomenon : It appears in the Gulf , and other bodies of water , every summer . But what makes this year 's Gulf dead zone unique is its magnitude : At 8,776 square miles , it 's the largest ever since tracking began in 1985 , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced this week .
Its size is projected to affect local fishing economies and is raising questions over the amount of pollutants that flow into our water — particularly nutrients from excessive use of nitrogen fertilizers .
At 8,776 square miles , this year 's dead zone in the Gulf of Mexico is the largest ever measured . Courtesy of N. Rabalais , LSU/LUM
`` It 's a symptom of an ecosystem that 's not functioning , '' said Dr. Nancy Rabalais , a professor in oceanography and coastal science at Louisiana State University who has been leading survey missions of dead zones since NOAA started tracking them .
What causes dead zones
The dead zones occur as a result of nitrogen and phosphorus flowing into water from farmers using nutrients on crops as fertilizer , and those nutrients getting washed into streams and rivers by rain .
“ It 's a symptom of an ecosystem that 's not functioning . ”
Once it gets to the Gulf of Mexico , the nutrients stimulate the growth of algae . The algae then sinks to the bottom of the ocean and bacteria start decomposing the organic matter in the algae . That process uses oxygen , drawing it from the water .
Related : Climate Change Worsens Dead Zones in Seas , Lakes and Rivers : Study
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Scientists Blame Warming Ocean for Massive Coral Die-Off 1:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The dead zones grow to their biggest size in the summer because that 's when there 's more fresh water sitting on top of cold saltwater , blocking oxygen from the atmosphere from mixing with the water underneath . Dead zones then shrivel away as the fall and winter approach .
Man-made versus natural influences
This year 's dead zone is particularly large because of unusually heavy rains in the Midwest , which washed more nutrients than usual , primarily from fertilizers , into the Gulf .
`` The dead zone in the Gulf of Mexico has been growing since the 1950s and 1960s , when much more fertilizer was applied to agricultural land and started going downstream and into the Gulf of Mexico . For the past 20 years , it has been fluctuating up and down . Most of that is due to differences in precipitation and river runoffs , '' said Robert Magnien , director of the Center for Sponsored Coastal Ocean Research at NOAA .
But the amount of rain is only part of the equation , Magnien said .
“ This is not a natural phenomenon , but it is affected by variations in climate or weather patterns . ”
`` We are at a much different place than is natural . This is not a natural phenomenon , but it is affected by variations in climate or weather patterns , '' they said .
Prior to this year 's , the largest Gulf dead zone encompassed 8,497 square miles in 2002 . But NOAA said the average size of the dead zone over the past five years was just over 5,800 square miles , and experts ca n't predict how large next year 's will be .
Who 's affected
The dead zone has a striking effect on the Gulf : Marine life , such as shrimp , avoid the area , even if their life cycle would normally put them in it .
`` They either have to go up over the top of it or around it , '' said Don Scavia , a University of Michigan professor who was one of the people who discovered the dead zone in the 1980s . `` It puts them in different temperature water and a different habitat than they prefer , so that has an impact on their growth . ''
Satellite view of the Gulf of Mexico NASA
That 's resulted in smaller shrimp , which are worth less to shrimp trawlers .
`` Our shrimp fishery depends on small shrimp getting in the nursery areas in the marshes to the actual waters , and that migration is interrupted by this large area of low oxygen , '' Rabalais , the LSU professor , said . `` When the shrimp can get back into the area , the food resources are lower , and they 're not growing to a large size that would bring in more money . ''
Recreational fishing is affected too : Fishermen need to go further offshore to get fresh catch .
What can be done to prevent dead zones ?
A spokesperson with the Environmental Protection Agency says a task force has worked for years with the 12 states along the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers to reduce the size of the dead zones .
`` Despite strong efforts , reducing nutrient loads from a vast landscape , where tens of millions of people live and grow the food that feeds the world , is an extraordinarily large task . We ca n't declare victory in years when the low oxygen zone in the Gulf of Mexico is much smaller than average , like the drought years of 2000 and 2012 . Nor should we declare our efforts in vain when heavy rains and floods make the problem worse , '' the EPA said in a statement .
Experts suggested greater monitoring of agricultural practices to reduce the amount of nitrogen flowing into the water .
Scavia proposed the Gulf get the same kind of federal protection as the Chesapeake Bay , where a dead zone problem got markedly better after the EPA set limits on nutrient pollution in 2010 , despite strong objections from farmers .
`` If the states do n't meet their load reduction targets , EPA can step in and enforce more reduction , '' they said . `` Imagine doing that with the 25 states that are involved [ in the Gulf ] . It would be very difficult , but something like that would compel the states and agriculture to do more [ than ] what they 're doing . ''
`` They always kind of talked about the NBA prime is like 27 and like 31 , 32 . That 's if you 're lucky , you 'll get to that point , '' James said . `` I do n't know . I 've just never really bought into that . ''
James recalled saying this season that `` this is the best I 've felt in my career .... And I continue to just play at an all-time-level standard for the rest of this season . Hopefully I can continue it in these Finals also . ''
James spoke Wednesday on the eve of their eighth consecutive NBA Finals appearance and ninth overall as they prepare to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers into a fourth straight championship series against the Golden State Warriors , who seek their third title in four seasons .
Exactly what level James can produce in the final is uncertain after playing 100 games in the season and playoffs combined since late October .
`` The level that I can play at is to be seen , but the level I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am , '' James said .
`` So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself . But for me , I understand and I know how much I put into the game . So everything else is OK .
`` I 've always kind of told you guys that I do n't really have a ceiling . I want to just try to maximize as much as I can and be as good as I can . ''
James has stressed being able to play this season , the first in which they did not miss a regular-season contest .
`` I 've been blessed to be available . That 's what I take pride in more than anything , is being available to my teammates every single day , '' James said .
`` I 've been a leader to my teammates all year and I 've put in the work . It 's allowed me to be able to tomorrow suit up for the 101st consecutive time . We 'll see what happens . ''
Cristiano Ronaldo has been banned for five matches for pushing the referee after they were shown a red card against Barcelona in Real Madrid 's 3-1 Spanish Super Cup first leg victory .
Ronaldo was sent off in bizarre fashion , collecting a yellow card for taking their shirt off during a goal celebration before being shown a second for diving .
Upset by referee Ricardo De Burgos Bengoetxea 's decision to dismiss him , Ronaldo shoved the official , which landed them in further hot water .
The Spanish Football Federation issued Ronaldo with a €3,005euro fine and a four match suspension in addition to the automatic one game ban the player was due to serve for their red card .
Ronaldo was found guilty of 'Violation of article 96 of the Disciplinary Code ' , which relates to using `` mild force '' against the officials , including grabbing , pushing or shaking .
The offence carries a ban of up to 12 matches , with Ronaldo being handed the minimum punishment of four games .
Real and Ronaldo have 10 business days to appeal against the ruling , the RFEF added .
Mayor Chris Beutler announced Lincoln 's new designation as a Smart Gigabit Community Monday . They said it makes the City part of a network connected by shared high-speed technology infrastructure . That allows the SGCs to exchange information , conduct research , and develop first-generation gigabit software applications . The selection as an SGC came from U.S. Ignite 's Smart Gigabit Community program funded by the National Science Foundation .
“ The goal is for Lincoln to create a Digital Town Square available to students , entrepreneurs and businesses , ” Beutler said . “ The Digital Town Square will help them develop applications to better compete in the digital economy . ”
Mayor Beutler said the foundation for the SGC designation is City 's 2012 investment in the Lincoln Broadband Project . So far , the City has installed nearly 500 miles of conduit leased to eight broadband carriers and promoted the installation of small-cell wireless technology . Beutler said the City is now approaching the successful completion of a fiber-to-the-home project .
“ The designation as a Smart Gigabit City further cements our growing national reputation as a hub of the Silicon Prairie , ” Beutler said . “ We are proving every day that innovation is not confined only to large urban centers . Our success demonstrates again that when we combine world class infrastructure with innovation , education , and business partnerships , we can produce new economic development opportunities for our community . ”
ALLO is building Lincoln 's state-of-the-art fiber to-the-home gigabit network . The construction is scheduled to be complete in 2019 and will pass more than 105,000 residences and 20,000 businesses/governmental institutions . The project is more than 50 percent complete so far .
“ Fully utilizing the virtually unlimited bandwidth from gigabit networks is the next revolution for Lincoln and other fiber communities , ” said Jeff Kuenne , ALLO Chief Technologist and Co-Founder . “ The collaboration between our local partners and leaders in forward-thinking communities across the U.S. will expand Lincoln 's and Nebraska 's opportunities with advanced technologies . We look forward to being involved with the Smart Gigabit Community teams to develop next generation gigabit applications . Gigabit networks can , and will , provide so much more than merely faster internet and the elimination of buffering . I am excited about our communities ' future as we improve the business opportunities and lives of our citizens through innovation . ”
The City is investing $ 15,000 a year over three years from the Broadband Innovation Fund .
Each SGC member has committed to develop two gigabit applications or gigabit services per year which provide advanced technology solutions to community issues and to share those applications with others in the SGC program .
Julia Basso hit a game-winning two-run single in the bottom of the seventh inning to give St. Joseph a 5-4 victory over Fairfield Warde on Monday .
Cami Heintz had three hits for the Cadets ( 3-4 , 3-1 FCIAC ) .
Hanna Errico and Jo Hillman each had two hits .
Warde 's Katie Goodchild had two hits and scored two runs .
Sophia Sancho had two hits and two RBIs .
Olivia Vadas struck out 11 batters .
Warde 000 012 000 1 . 4 12 0
St Joseph 101 000 100 2 . 5 13 0
Batteries :
W- Olivia Vadas ( L ) and Goodchild
SJ- Payton Doiron ( W ) and Jovanna Hillman
Saraland Police are defending the arrest of Chikesia Clemons in an Alabama Waffle House , viral video of which has spread across the country . Police released new information , including surveillance video from the restaurant . Fox 10/Screenshot
Hilltop High School students performed an original drama production where the rich and poor collide while something sinister lurks outside their hotel .
‘ The Beast is Inn ' showed at Hilltop High School on June 8 and 9 . Students from multiple grades participated in the play as part of the drama program .
“ ( I like ) just how everyone becomes connected at the end of it , ” said Marshell Doonan , who played one of the researchers and has four years of drama experience .
Sandy Gartner teaches drama and language arts at Hilltop High School . They also co-wrote the play with a former student , Ty Babiuk , and directed it herself .
“ We started writing in January if you can believe it , ” Gartner said .
Gartner and Babiuk began writing the script based on the number of actors who wanted to participate . Their ultimate goal was to create a hokey mystery reminiscent of ‘ Scooby-Doo . '
“ Then we came up with the idea of rich verses poor and then it grew , ” Gartner said .
The production itself faced certain challenges . Gartner said around two-thirds of the actors were first-timers and needed to have their confidence boosted before going on stage . This is why they typically run their plays two nights instead of one .
“ It gives ( students ) a chance to grow , ” they said .
Many of the students also played roles opposite of their gender . Jordan Aginas and Stephanie Corcilles , for example , dressed up as blue-collar bums with wives and children .
“ If the part fits , I 'm not afraid to cast that student , ” Gartner said .
Gartner typically makes all the costumes they need with their best friend Vivian Hillman , but for ‘ The Beast is Inn , ' they only needed to put together one .
“ We knew we needed a beast , so we just bought some materials and away we went , ” Gartner said .
Noah Newton , who plays both the butler and the beast , said they found the costume to be hot but was otherwise glad to take the role .
“ I had a pretty good accent I could use , ” they said .
Parents will be offered the chance to purchase a DVD copy of the play . Gartner said this is done to recuperate costs , such as the materials for the beast costume .
“ Everything we make goes back in , ” Gartner said .
pshokeir @ postmedia.com
LOS ANGELES — Harvey Weinstein , the larger-than-life Hollywood executive and Oscar-winner , is taking a leave of absence from their own company after an explosive expose revealing decades of sexual harassment against women , from employees to actor Ashley Judd , was published in The New York Times on Thursday .
The article includes first person accounts of Weinstein 's alleged conduct , including from Judd , who recounts an incident from two decades ago in which they said they were asked to meet Weinstein in their hotel room . Weinstein greeted them wearing a bathrobe and asked them if they would give them a massage or watch them shower , the paper reported .
Harvey Weinstein attends the annual Appeal of Conscience awards dinner at the New York Hilton on September 18 , 2017 in New York . Tim Boxer / Getty Images file
`` Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time , and it 's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly , '' Judd told the Times .
Two unnamed company officials tell the Times that at least eight women have received settlements from Weinstein over the years , including actor Rose McGowan , who allegedly had an incident with them in 1997 when they were 23 .
Other stories include similar accounts of Weinstein coercing young women into giving them massages , while naked , or watching them shower , and promising career advancement in return . These incidents were all said to have happened in hotel rooms .
Weinstein 's attorney Charles J . Harder said in a statement that the story is `` saturated with false and defamatory statements about Harvey Weinstein . ''
`` We sent the Times the facts and evidence , but they ignored it and rushed to publish , '' Harder said . They did not respond to questions about what specific allegations Weinstein was contesting .
`` We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting , '' said a New York Times spokesperson in a statement . `` Mr. Weinstein was aware and able to respond to specific allegations in our story before publication . In fact , we published their response in full . ''
And NBC News has confirmed that Weinstein Co. board members are set to meet Friday to discuss Harvey Weinstein 's future . A source close to the firm wondered whether the movie company could continue in its present form without him .
Requests for comment from The Weinstein Co. and Judd were not immediately returned .
Ashley Judd attends the APNE Aap dinner on September 21 , 2017 in New York City . CJ Rivera / Getty Images file
Weinstein , 65 , had a powerful perch in Hollywood for three decades , and was known for producing films like `` Pulp Fiction '' and `` Shakespeare in Love , '' for which they won an Oscar . They have also launched the careers of numerous actores and directors and executed extremely successful Oscar campaigns with their company Miramax , which they ran with their brother Bob Weinstein . They are also an executive producer of the hit reality series `` Project Runway . ''
In 2005 , the Weinstein brothers launched a new production company , The Weinstein Co . Known for their angry outbursts , their often aggressive tactics were chronicled in the Peter Biskind book `` Down and Dirty Pictures . ''
They also executive produced five best picture winners , including `` The English Patient , '' `` Chicago , '' `` The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King , '' `` The King 's Speech , '' and `` The Artist , '' and garnered many nominations for their films and actors .
`` I appreciate the way I 've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain , and I sincerely apologize for it , '' Weinstein said in a statement . `` Though I 'm trying to do better , I know I have a long way to go . ''
Their statement did not address any specific incidents .
Weinstein has been married to designer Georgina Chapman since 2007 , they have two children together . They have three children from their previous marriage .
In Weinstein 's lengthy statement , in which they quote a Jay-Z lyric about being a better man for their children , they reference coming of age in the 60s and 70s when , `` all the rules about behavior and workplaces were different . ''
`` I want a second chance in the community but I know I 've got work to do to earn it , '' they wrote .
Weinstein quickly became a trending topic on Twitter . Lena Dunham wrote that the women , `` who chose to speak about their experience of harassment by Harvey Weinstein deserve our awe . It 's not fun or easy . It 's brave . ''
McGowan , who has spoken out in the past about rape and harassment issues , also tweeted Thursday . They did not name anyone , but said that `` anyone who does business with ( blank space ) is complicit . ''
`` Women fight on . And to the men out there , stand up . We need you as allies , '' they wrote .
The Weinstein Company has in recent years suffered from a string of executive exits , mounting lawsuits and increasingly hectic distribution decisions .
In 2016 , the company did n't receive a best-picture nomination for the first time since 2008 . Weinstein returned to the category with `` Lion '' at this year 's Oscars , but their preeminence as an Academy Awards heavyweight has undeniably waned .
Money problems have plagued the company intermittently since 2009 , when it entered bankruptcy . But last year , The Weinstein Company continually shuffled release dates and delayed films amid reports that it was too cash-strapped to put a full slate of films into theaters . Some 50 staffers were let go last year .
Movies like `` The Founder '' and `` Tulip Fever '' were juggled over numerous release date shifts . After `` The Founder , '' with Michael Keaton , was released in January along with the Matthew McConaughey-led `` Gold , '' the co-financier of `` The Founder , '' FilmNation , sued The Weinstein Company for $ 15 million , alleging Weinstein violated the non-compete clause of their agreement .
The Weinstein Company had a modest hit this summer with the acclaimed thriller `` Wind River . '' The $ 11 million film has made $ 33 million . But the company 's fall season awards hopeful `` The Current War , '' with Benedict Cumberbatch , premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival to withering reviews .
AP Film Writer Jake Coyle contributed from New York .
SARASOTA COUNTY , Fla. - A Florida teen is in hot water after they asked a girl to prom using a message some students consider racist .
Over the weekend , a post appeared on social media of a Riverview student , who is not being identified , asking a girl to prom with a controversial message : `` If I was black I 'd be picking cotton . But I 'm white so I 'm picking you . ''
`` We 've known them since first-year student year , '' said Riverview High School student Nolan Rerez . `` I never thought they would say something like that . ''
Another student , Erin Williams , shared the post that has since gone viral . They and other students say they are outraged .
`` I think it was something that they thought was going be funny , but it 's not , '' Williams said .
The Sarasota County School District is investigating . Officials spoke with the teen and their parents .
School officials held a meeting with students about the issue and the district announced it will team with up the NAACP to host student roundtable discussions .
`` Although the message is one student 's opinion , we take the matter of racial relations and school safety seriously , '' a school spokesperson said .
`` I want people to learn , really think about what you say because it has effects on other people , '' said student Dominic Williams
Some students said they do n't want riots , and they said the incident does n't reflect on the school as a whole . They said they hope it starts a conversation .
`` This is a good thing to talk about , because you have to recognize something to change it and then you have to keep it that way , '' Erin Williams said .
The student who made the proposal has apologized .
The school district has not announced whether they will face disciplinary action .
Copyright CNN
During the coming weeks , WhatsApp will ask users to accept new terms of service and European users will have to confirm that they 're at least 16 years of age . Those not living in Europe will still be held to the current standard , which requires users to be no younger than 13 years old . WhatsApp has n't said how it will be verifying users are reporting their real age .
Facebook , which owns WhatsApp , has been announcing GDPR-related changes across its platforms including Instagram , Oculus and Facebook itself . In a blog post , WhatsApp also said that users around the world will soon be able to download all of the data the messaging service collects .
The New Orleans Saints are dealing with a rash of injuries on the heels of their defeat at the hands of the Atlanta Falcons as they begin preparations to face the New York Jets at home in Week 15 .
Several members of the Saints went down with injury throughout the game against Atlanta , including rookie defensive end Trey Hendrickson , who suffered an ankle injury during the contest .
New Orleans has already suffered a major blow on the defensive line losing starting defensive end Alex Okafor for the season after they tore their Achilles during the teams win against the Washington Redskins a month ago .
Hendrickson , along with defensive end Hau'oli Kikaha , had been used in a rotation at right defensive end in the wake of Okafor 's injury the last few weeks , but a report suggests that Hendrickson 's injury will keep them out of the lineup for at least three weeks .
Since seeing an increase in playing time Hendrickson has posted only two tackles , but the rookie out of Florida-Atlantic has managed two sacks this season after notching one in week three against the Carolina Panthers followed by their second in week eight against the Chicago Bears .
Besides Kikaha the Saints only have one more defensive end listed on the roster in Al-Quadin Muhammad behind starter Cam Jordan . Muhammad was a seventh-round pick of the Saints this year and they impressed enough to stick on the 53-man roster after posting a four-sack preseason .
New Orleans has opted largely to keep Muhammad inactive this season as they have only suited up twice in thirteen games . They were active Week 1 against the Vikings and Week 7 against the Packers , but has yet to record any regular season statistics .
Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the Saints Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ?
The Saints list one defensive end on the practice squad , Alex Jenkins , an undrafted rookie free agent from England . However they are part of the International Player Pathway program and therefore is ineligible to join the active roster at any point this year .
It 's unclear what New Orleans will do to address depth at the position moving forward . They could dive into a thin free agent market , or perhaps bring back defensive end Daryl Tapp who was a starter for the Saints last year , and spent the entire preseason in New Orleans before being released during final roster cuts . If New Orleans does sign a new player , they will need to make a corresponding roster move to make room on the active roster . Lastly , the Saints may opt to just activate Muhammed for the next three games while awaiting Hendrickson 's return .
A 23-year-old man has pleaded guilty to kidnapping and killing a Utah train worker in Wyoming .
Dereck James Harrison entered their plea Monday during their arraignment in District Court in Kemmerer .
The Salt Lake Tribune reports ( http : //bit.ly/2oFRacD ) that Harrison pleaded guilty to first-degree murder while perpetrating a kidnapping and kidnapping in the May slaying of 63-year-old Kay Porter Ricks .
ROME — Pope Francis asked forgiveness Monday for all Christians who buy sex from women , saying men who frequent prostitutes are criminals with a `` sick mentality '' who think that women exist to be exploited .
`` This is n't making love . This is torturing a woman . Let 's not confuse the terms , '' Francis insisted .
Pope Francis Fabio Frustaci / EPA
The pope made the comments during an intimate , four-hour-long listening session with 300 young people who were invited by the Vatican to Rome this week to help church leaders learn what kids these days think about the Catholic Church .
It 's a preparatory meeting for a big synod of bishops in October on helping young people find their vocations in life . Francis has insisted that young adults — Catholic and not — be integral in the process informing the otherwise all-male , celibate and rather old church hierarchy about the future of the church .
`` Young people must be taken seriously , '' they said .
They got an earful when they opened the meeting by urging the young people to speak with courage , without shame or `` anesthesia '' to dull the truth .
Nicholas Lopez , a college campus minister from Texas , told Francis that young people today face racism , poverty and gang violence , as well as `` unjust immigration laws that threaten to split children from families . ''
Angela Markas from Australia told Francis young people want debate in the church about sexuality , same-sex attraction and the role of women .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Pope Francis : A Man of Their Word ' : Exclusive first look at new documentary 3:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And Blessing Okoedion , from Nigeria , asked Francis how the church could allow Catholics to be clients for the many Nigerian women in Italy like her , who are forced to be sex slaves by the traffickers who got them here .
`` I ask myself , and I ask you : Is the male chauvinistic church able to truthfully ask itself about this high demand by clients ? '' they asked .
Francis , who has made the fight against human trafficking and modern-day sex slaves a priority of their pontificate , urged young people to take up the fight against trafficking and forced prostitution .
`` This is one of the battles that I ask you young people to do , for the dignity of women , '' they said . They said forced prostitution was born of a `` sick mentality '' that no form of feminism has managed to rid from society , one that thinks that `` women are to be exploited . ''
Speaking to Okoedion , who was forced into prostitution but escaped , Francis concluded : `` I want to take advantage of this moment , because you talked about baptized and Christians , to ask your forgiveness , from society and all the Catholics who do this criminal act . ''
An Ajax man is facing Sexual Assault charges after a young girl contacted police over a family friend . South Simcoe Police were contacted Tuesday by a 14-year-old who told police she 'd been assaulted by a man at the home doing renovations the day before . A 45-year-old man turned themselves in to police , and will answer to charges in court .
Business News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : Global Media Alliance
2017-10-06
The initiative is supposed to reward some Vodafone customers to gain certain vital skills
Vodafone Business Solutions , in partnership with the China Europe International Business School ( CEIBS ) , is to help SMEs in Ghana through a capacity building programme dubbed ‘ The master class . '
The initiative is supposed to reward some Vodafone customers to gain certain vital skills to help grow their businesses .
The first edition , which saw a total of 50 students , began on 30th September , 2017 .
Prof. Matthew Tsamenyi , Executive Director of CEIBS , lauded the initiative .
They stated that the programme would immensely help the participants understand the business world and serve as an accelerator for their business growth .
“ This class would serve as an incubator and accelerator programme to help the participants gain more market and grant them some financial wherewithal , ” they said .
The major cause of unemployment in this country is not the lack of jobs , but primarily the issue of putting round pegs in square holes .
They stated that there was no strong partnership between academia and business organizations .
“ There are so many issues of unemployment , but there are also vacancies in the business organizations because employers are complaining the graduates we produce do n't have the skills set , ” they added .
They described the partnership as a step in the right direction to rectify the issue and noted that such partnerships between academia and business organizations would go a long way to reduce unemployment and increase productivity .
Angela Mensah-Poku , Director , Vodafone Business Solutions , said their outfit would use the initiative to give back to its customers and also help keep the multinationals alive .
They said their outfit helped to grow SMEs in September , which is the SME month for Vodafone Ghana .
“ We tried to help SMEs all over grow their businesses . We were interested in letting them know how to use digital ways and technology to make their businesses better , ” they stated .
They wished all the participants the best in their endeavors and told them that they have a great future ahead after the CEIBS programme .
“ I pray you will be the next generation of Ghanaian multinationals , ” they said .
Will grocery stores of the future be smaller ? Will more of us shop on our phones ? What tech , shopping trends could mean for how we get our food .
Source : WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
Maumee schools are launching a major project Friday .
Renovations are now underway for the Kazmaier Stadium .
A community tailgate is kicking off the festivities for the $ 2.6 million work on the football stadium .
Panther fans of all ages are invited to the tailgate to celebrate the beginning of this undertaking that is exciting for the whole community .
`` We 're going to have a substantial improvement to the appearance of Maumee . When people come into our city to come to a game , they 're going to get to see what Maumee is . It 's a community that has a lot of pride in how we maintain our community and what we do for our students , and this will showcase our commitment to the students , '' said Maumee mayor Rich Carr .
The tailgate , sponsored by Maumee High School and the Panther Pride Foundation , includes a cookout , jump house , music and a viewing of the plans for the renovated stadium .
Commemorative gifts are also being given out to those who donate at the event .
Mayor Carr , a Maumee alumni , says the new football stadium is important to everyone , not just football players and high school students .
`` It 's great pride to have this and say , 'this is my stadium . ' I 've heard that from alumni all over the country . They 're excited about this project . It makes them feel good to have been from Maumee , '' said Mayor Carr .
Major donors to the renovation project are being thanked at a dinner at 5 p.m . They will also be publicly recognized between quarters of the homecoming game that follows the tailgate .
Maumee football head coach Marc Gibson says the support of the community plays an important role in making these renovations happen .
`` It 's an honor just to be a part of this . I think the community getting behind it shows the support that everyone wants to see our program continue to be successful and grow , '' Gibson said .
The stadium is set to be completed by the fall of 2018 .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2017 WTOL . All rights reserved .
JERUSALEM ( AP ) — Israel is condemning an Irish bill that would outlaw the import of goods from West Bank settlements and plans to summon the Irish ambassador over the legislation .
If passed , Ireland would become the first European country to ban settlement products , though several countries already label them .
The European Union in 2015 approved guidelines to label settlement products . It said the move was meant to differentiate between Israel , a close trade partner , and the settlements , which it considers illegal .
Although the Irish bill makes a similar distinction , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said it aims to harm their country and would bolster an international movement advocating boycotts against Israel .
The bill , debated in Ireland 's senate Tuesday , must pass several hurdles to become law .
The Irish Foreign Ministry had no immediate comment .
New photos emerged Saturday of a new prototype of Iran 's stealth fighter jet , previous models of which were mocked by aviation experts who predicted it “ would never fly . ”
The updated version of Qaher F-313 stealth fighter jet was unveiled during an exhibition for Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , The Aviationist editor David Cenciotti reported . The exhibition showcased the achievements made by Defense Minister Brig . Gen. Hossein Dehghan within the last two years .
The prototype had the same shape as its 2013 predecessor but featured multiple changes , including a bigger cockpit , non-plexiglass canopy , dual exhaust nozzles , dorsal antenna and FLIR ( Forward Looking Infra-Red ) turret installed to the nose of the fighter jet .
The F-313 was first unveiled in February 2013 , though it was criticized for being too small . The cockpit could n't accommodate a “ normal-sized ” pilot and the wings were n't big enough to get it up in the air , according to The Aviationist .
The original version also had a slew of technical errors . The engine was not properly built , putting the back of the aircraft at risk of melting from heat . The craft 's air intakes seemed too small , the blog said .
Ahmad Vahidi , Iran 's defense minister at the time , said Iranian aerospace experts designed the jet to fly at a low altitude , carry weapons and land on short runways , according to DailyMail.com .
Iranian news site Khouz News did publish photos of F-313 appearing to fly over mountains in 2013 , but was accused of photoshopping the image , DailyMail.com reported .
It 's still unclear if the new prototype would be able to fly . The jet conducted taxi tests on Saturday during the exhibition .
Recent statements released said that the F-313 fighter jet will be “ a light close air support aircraft , ” The Aviationist reported .
The 20-year-old Washington state man accused of killing five people in a shooting spree at a mall last September was found dead in their jail cell on Sunday night , authorities said .
The body of Arcan Cetin was found hanging just before 9 p.m. ( 12 a.m . ET ) , Skagit County Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Rosemary Kaholokula told NBC News Monday .
The Washington State Patrol released this photo of Arcan Cetin , 20 , of Oak Harbor , Washington after they were arrested Saturday , Sept. 24 , 2016 , in a shooting at a Burlington mall Friday that left five people dead .
Cetin 's death has n't yet officially been ruled a suicide , Kaholokula said , but authorities believe it was .
They had been charged with five counts of aggravated first-degree murder after they allegedly walked into a Macy 's in Burlington , north of Seattle , and opened fire with a rifle on the night of Sept. 23 .
One man and four women were killed , including one who was trying to hide behind a cosmetics counter , NBC affiliate KING reported .
Cetin was a Turkish immigrant and naturalized American citizen who lived roughly 30 miles west of the mall , in the small seaside community of Oak Harbor , according to KING .
Kaholokula said Cetin had admitted to the killings , but their motive remained unclear .
`` He did n't have any really ties to our community , '' they said . `` We ca n't ascertain why they would do this . They did n't know any of the people that they shot . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Hospital Tried to Commit Confessed Mall Gunman Before Deadly Shooting 1:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Their stepfather , David Marshall , told reporters last year that Cetin had unspecified mental health issues that their family had been trying to address .
Before the shooting , KING reported , a local hospital tried to have Cetin involuntarily committed for treatment . In court documents obtained by the station , doctors said they believed Cetin might harm himself , though they did n't think they would hurt others .
CHICAGO — Children 's injuries and deaths from window blinds have not stalled despite decades of safety concerns , according to a new U.S. study that recommends a complete ban on blinds with cords .
Nearly 17,000 young children were hurt by window blinds between 1990 and 2015 , and though most injuries were minor , almost 300 died , the study shows . Most deaths occurred when children became entangled or strangled by the cords .
Injuries continued even after manufacturers adopted voluntary safety standards including warning labels . The industry now has a plan in the works to make cordless blinds the only option at retail stores and online .
The study “ should be a huge wake-up call to the public , to the retailers , to the manufacturers and to parent all over the nation to really see how hazardous the cords on the blinds are , ” said Linda Kaiser of St Louis . Them 1-year-old daughter died in 2002 from strangulation when they pulled a looped hidden cord from a blind and put it around their neck . Kaiser later formed the advocacy group Parents for Window Blind Safety .
While study 's data analysis does n't show an up or downtrend in injuries and deaths , the fact that they 're still occurring shows that safety standards have been inadequate , said lead author , Dr. Gary Smith , who directs injuries research at Nationwide Children 's Hospital in Columbus , Ohio .
Paul Nathanson , spokesperson for the Window Covering Manufacturers Association , said a soon-to-be adopted industry standard drafted with input from the Consumer Product Safety Commission will make corded blinds unavailable in stores and online , although consumers could buy them through custom orders .
The safety commission says windows and window blinds are among the top five hidden hazards in U.S. homes and in a statement , it called the draft standard “ a major step forward in protecting children . ”
That standard is awaiting approval by the American National Standards Institute and is expected to take effect by late 2018 , Nathanson said .
Smith said 20 per cent are custom blinds and a total ban on corded blinds is needed .
The study was published Monday in the journal Pediatrics .
Their research team analyzed 26 years of U.S. government data on emergency room treatment and fatal injuries . The study notes that the dangers have been addressed in medical journal articles as far back as a 1945 report on two accidental hangings in children who survived .
“ Seventy years ago we recognized that this was a product that was killing kids , ” Smith said . “ We should put child safety first . ”
——
Follow AP Medical Writer Lindsey Tanner on Twitter at @ LindseyTanner . Them work can be found here .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Expelled Russian Diplomats Arrive in Moscow 0:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Dozens of Russian diplomats expelled from the United States as punishment for Moscow 's alleged interference in the White House election landed back in their homeland Monday , state media said .
The envoys were ordered out of the U.S. in retaliation for what the Obama administration said were cyberattacks directed by `` the highest levels of the Russian government . ''
The diplomats and their families departed Washington 's Dulles International Airport on Sunday and arrived in Moscow early Monday , according to Russia 's state-run TASS news agency .
On arrival , the diplomats ' children were invited to the Kremlin 's New Year and Christmas celebrations , according to TASS .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Trump promises new revelations on Russian hacking : I know things other people do n't 2:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Russian President Vladimir Putin condemned the expulsion but declined their own foreign minister 's guidance to retaliate , choosing not to expel American diplomats stationed in Russia .
Instead , they also invited the children of the American diplomats to the Kremlin 's party .
President Barack Obama ordered the diplomats ' out of the country Thursday . They also imposed sanctions on two suspected hackers and three companies that allegedly provided support to cyber operations by Russia 's GRU intelligence service .
Related : What Went On in Russia 's Shuttered U.S . Compounds ?
The CIA has concluded that the interference was intended to help Donald Trump win the election , and NBC News has reported that intelligence officials believe `` with a high level of confidence '' that Russian President Vladimir Putin was personally involved in the covert campaign .
`` All Americans should be alarmed by Russia 's actions , '' Obama 's statement said Thursday . `` These data theft and disclosure activities could only have been directed by the highest levels of the Russian government . ''
FG mulls higher tariff on importation of older vehicles
In view of the increase in air pollution and high effects of sulphur oxide emission on the environment , the federal government on Tuesday revealed plans to increase tariff on importation of rickety and older vehicles into the country . Apart from addressing concerns of health hazards associations with importation of such kind of vehicle , the government said , discouraging…
This content is for Standard & Premium Digital Subscribers only . Visit the site and log in/register to read .
The post FG mulls higher tariff on importation of older vehicles appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
Health and safety should not become something to ridicule .
Health and safety should not become something to ridicule . zorandimzr
HEALTH and safety .
Rarely do you encounter two words which inspire ridicule and disregard with such ease .
It 's a common cry : the PC Brigade has taken the world too far , we ca n't do anything anymore , the world needs to stop wrapping us in cotton wool .
And sometimes they 're right .
The idea that one needs a 'ladder licence ' to change a light bulb is as ridiculous as wearing rubber pants in the Caribbean .
And it 's the same with the ever helpful reminders not to close the car door on your fingers , or that drinking brake fluid might cause some discomfort .
And the effect of these is rather interesting .
RELATED : Gympie supermarket to expand carpark amid safety fears
We get desensitised .
The more stupid or obvious the rule , the easier it is to not pay attention to it .
And the easier it is to stop caring about small risks , the more indifferent we become to larger ones .
Like being cleaned up by a truck because we 've parked in the wrong spot . Or getting someone else killed because walking 50m just felt like too much of a chore today .
So can we please stop micromanaging things to the smallest detail ?
We ca n't let serious risks be too easily lumped in with inanities . Because then they will be too easy to laugh off as paranoid insanity .
Google has been making smartphones for years now — sort of . It has been dipping its toe in the water since 2010 , but seven years later it still has n't jumped in . Limited stock , reliance on manufacturer partnerships , and off-the-shelf components do n't add up to the mass market Google phone we 've all been waiting for since the birth of Android .
The freshly unveiled Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL look to be accomplished handsets , but certain models are already “ Out of stock ” on the Google Store , and many others now have longer delivery estimates from 2 to 3 weeks up to 6 to 7 weeks .
“ I wish we had a few more of them to go around . ”
We 've been here before . On stage at the launch event , after expressing their pride over the original Pixel phones , Rick Osterloh , Google 's senior vice president of hardware , wisecracked , “ I wish we had a few more of them to go around . ”
Just three hours after the launch event , the same stock shortages are rearing their ugly heads . You have to wonder just how serious Google is about making its own smartphones , and when it will finally throw its full weight behind them .
Rise and fall of Google 's Nexus
The first phone designed by Google and actually released was the HTC-manufactured Nexus One , back in 2010 . What began as a line of developer devices for Android app and game makers , and reference devices for phone manufacturers , gradually developed into something more . Early Nexus handsets were never advertised to the public , but the Nexus brand grew more popular over time .
Google seemed reluctant to throw its full weight behind it . The Nexus phones appeared bearing the mark of their makers — HTC , Samsung , LG , and Motorola — alongside a Nexus logo , rather than a Google one . As the driving force and developer behind the Android platform , there was always a sense of the uncomfortable position Google was in when it came to hardware .
Chris DeGraw/Digital Trends
Pushing an all-singing , all-dancing Google Android phone could turn off its partners , and without the hardware muscle and marketing machines of companies like Samsung , the Android platform would never have reached its current heights . With the Nexus phones it felt like Google was making sure everybody got a turn . The Nexus One was manufactured by HTC , the Nexus S and Galaxy Nexus by Samsung , the Nexus 4 and 5 by LG , the Nexus 6 by Motorola , the Nexus 5X by LG again , and finally the Nexus 6P by Huawei .
But then , after six years and 14 devices , the Nexus line retired . Google never released sales figures and it was widely supposed that the Nexus phones never sold many units — at least nothing that would register on the radar of Samsung or Apple . Google never made a mainstream hit , but the best Nexus phones were definitely cult classics , and they gave people a taste of Google 's stock Android vision .
Pixel rises from the ashes
Concern among fans that the slick , speedy , minimalist software experience and swift updates would be lost soon waned when the new Pixel was announced . Finally , Google was putting its own name on a phone , albeit manufactured by HTC . With Android safely ensconced in pole position , entering the hardware arena was the right move for Google . An end-to-end design , marrying software and hardware , would surely produce the ultimate Android phone .
The Pixel was n't perfect , but it was an encouraging first step that whet the appetite for future Google phones .
And it did . The original Google Pixel is an excellent phone . While Samsung 's assault on bezels and curvaceous beauty captured the public imagination , high demand for the Pixel proved that others were willing to prioritize the software experience . The desire seemed to come as a surprise , and even as a Verizon exclusive , the Pixel was soon in short supply .
The Pixel was n't perfect , but it was an encouraging first step that whet the appetite for future Google phones . It got us imagining what Google might produce if it designed the hardware and software to blend seamlessly .
Limitations or limited ambition ?
There was talk of a Google-designed chip , especially after Google hired Manu Gulati as Lead SoC ( system-on-a-chip ) architect . They led Apple 's chip division for close to eight years . But the Pixel 2 packs the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 as the rest of the Android flagship field .
Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends
To shrink the bezels of the Pixel XL 2 , Google drafted in LG , while the smaller Pixel 2 was manufactured by HTC . Mario Queiroz , Google 's vice president of product management , made a dig at Apple during the launch when they said , “ We do n't reserve our best features for the larger device. ” But there 's a discernible difference between the two Pixels : The XL does n't just have a bigger display , it 's framed by smaller bezels .
Consider also , that while the price difference between the iPhone 8 and the superior iPhone 8 Plus is just $ 100 , which gets you a bigger , better display , and the dual camera , the price difference between the Pixel 2 and the XL is $ 200 . We 're sure that has something to do with the fact that they have different manufacturers , but it highlights Google 's lack of control .
Take my money !
Another disappointment with the Pixel 2 launch is it 's a Verizon “ exclusive ” again . You can get a Pixel 2 for under $ 30 per month if you sign up to a two-year Verizon instalment plan , or the Pixel 2 XL for around $ 35 per month , but if you want to use either with another network , you 'll need to pay $ 650 or $ 850 up front or take financing from Google on the Google Store .
Not having the Pixel 2 in carrier stores limits its exposure and makes it more difficult for people to buy . If Google is serious about making mass market phones , it must strike deals with all the major carriers .
If you want to build a smartphone brand , the least you can do is let people buy your phones .
It also needs to look at the international market . Right now , the new Pixels are only available in Canada , Germany , Puerto Rico , the U.K , and the U.S . The original Pixels only added Australia to that list . If you 're based anywhere else , then you can forget about it , or rely on an expensive import .
Maybe Google is distracted by other unnecessary products , perhaps it still is n't ready to commit fully to hardware , or maybe it just needs more time . Google 's acquisition of a select group from HTC 's smartphone division may bode well for the future , but the aftermath of its Motorola Mobility deal is a reminder not to get too hopeful .
Osterloh recently told The Verge , “ We do n't want it to be a niche thing , ” and said they expect the Pixel to “ become big , meaningful business for the company over time . ”
The question is — how much time ?
Although the software outshines the hardware , the Pixel phones Google has produced so far are great . Perhaps expecting Google to develop a hardware division capable of handling end-to-end smartphone design and an infrastructure to deliver that design worldwide in just two years is unrealistic . But a year on from Pixel shortages , it 's very disheartening to see the same thing happening again . If you want to build a smartphone brand , the least you can do is let people buy your phones .
Steve Jobs has long garnered all the praise for the success of the iPhone , but it was the logistics expertise of Tim Cook that made Apple the most successful tech company in the world . Google should take note .
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on rape and criminal sex act charges , furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul .
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein `` another step closer to accountability '' for alleged attacks on two women in New York .
Weinstein 's lawyer , Benjamin Brafman , said they would `` vigorously defend '' against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it . They called the allegations `` unsupported '' and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them .
The indictment came hours after Weinstein 's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there was n't enough time to prepare them and `` political pressure '' made an indictment unavoidable .
`` Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein 's personal testimony might be , an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein , '' the statement said .
Weinstein , 66 , learned of the specific charges and the accusers ' identities only after turning themselves on Friday , according to their lawyers . Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not , prosecutors denied their request for more time .
Vance said the Weinstein camp 's `` recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable . ''
`` We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence , it will reject these attacks out of hand , '' Vance said in a statement .
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another . A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case , as it had been doing for weeks .
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury 's secret proceedings but often do n't , for various reasons .
Freed on $ 1 million bail and electronic monitoring , they are due back in court July 30 , though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment .
Beyond the two women involved in the case , dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales .
They have denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex , and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was `` confident he 's going to clear their name '' in the New York prosecution .
Brafman called the rape allegation `` absurd , '' saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long , consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack .
The woman , who has n't been identified publicly , told investigators that Weinstein confined them in a hotel room and raped them
The other accuser in the case , former actor Lucia Evans , has gone public with their account of Weinstein forcing them to perform oral sex at their office in 2004 . The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly .
Vance , a Democrat , came under public pressure from women 's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015 , when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting .
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct . But Vance decided there was n't enough evidence to bring charges .
Gov . Andrew Cuomo , also a Democrat , ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Arsene Wenger will play David Ospina in goal against Bayern Munich this evening after claiming Arsenal would not be at the Allianz Arena were it not for the goalkeeper 's form earlier in the season .
The Gunners face a tough challenge as they come up against the reigning Bundesliga champions in Germany for the first leg of their round-of-16 tie . The game is live on RTÉ2 television from 7.30pm .
Wenger 's side have been dumped out at this stage of the competition in the previous six seasons , including twice by Bayern , but will be hoping to make use of the small advantage of playing the first leg away from home .
That is reward for topping their group , in which Ospina played all six games as Arsenal remained undefeated against Paris St Germain , Basle and Ludogorets .
`` I have nothing to hide there , it will be Ospina because of the quality of their performances ''
And Wenger has kept faith in the Colombia international , opting to field them against Bayern rather than revert back to usual first-choice stopper Petr Cech , as they did at this stage last season against Barcelona .
`` I have nothing to hide there , it will be Ospina because of the quality of their performances , '' they replied when asked which goalkeeper would start the game .
`` We are in the last 16 and finished top of the group . If you analyse their performances in every single game we are where we are because of their great performances . ''
Wenger also suggested Mesut Ozil would start on Wednesday after they said the German World Cup winner was lacking confidence in recent games .
Ozil has not scored since 10 December and has been a peripheral figure for many of Arsenal 's last fixtures , including the two recent defeats to Watford and Chelsea .
`` I will pick the team tomorrow morning , '' they said when asked if Ozil would play .
`` I have no doubt that we play in Germany and Ozil is highly focused to have a good performance tomorrow .
`` Ozil has been playing for us for many years now and they know perfectly our team and they know how we want to play in every match . So it is an important match . ''
Wenger admitted to having felt `` guilty '' in past years when Arsenal were pitched against some of Europe 's elite sides in the past after progressing as group runners-up .
But they also concede the advantage of having a second leg at home will only come to pass if Arsenal put in a good performance in Munich , having lost 5-1 here in the group stage last season .
`` The advantage will be important , to have the second game at home , but only on the condition we have a good performance and result tomorrow night , '' they said .
`` That is why the only solution is to focus on that . Bayern will have a lot of the ball , but we have to play to be efficient defensively and with a desire to hurt them every time we can . ''
Wenger welcomes Granit Xhaka back into their squad after the midfielder sat out the last four domestic games through suspension , while Per Mertesacker also makes a Champions League squad for the first time this season .
Lucas Perez was left in England due to a slight hamstring problem , with Aaron Ramsey and Santi Cazorla the other injured players .
HOUSTON - It 's deer season in Texas , and one local hunter is n't letting a simple thing like school get in the way of the time-honored tradition .
“ I 'm always in a good mood and I always want to make people smile , ” Jeff Pavlock said .
Pavlock , who lives in Rosenberg , sees themselves as just a small-town guy who likes to stay under the radar .
But they have a penchant for social media .
“ I would always post a bunch of funny stuff on Facebook . I kept telling everybody : 'One day , I 'm going to make it big , ' ” Pavlock said .
Mission accomplished !
When Pavlock took their 12-year-old daughter , Kinsley , out of school early this week to go deer hunting , what they wrote on the sheet at school has now gone viral .
“ I put down headed to go put the smack down on a monster buck ... That 's the way we do it here in Texas , ” Pavlock said .
Since they posted it on Facebook , it 's been shared more than 60,000 times !
“ I 've got people from Canada and people messaging me from all over the United States , so I am just living in the moment and enjoying it . I just enjoy making people laugh . My wife is laughing . My whole family is laughing . We think it 's hilarious . I never thought in my life it would blow up on Facebook , ” Pavlock said .
Pavlock is sharing the spotlight with their daughter , who takes the sport of deer hunting very seriously .
“ She 's a hunting little bugger . She 's made about nine hunts with me so far . We are just waiting on the big one to come out of the woods , ” Pavlock said .
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .
Photos From The 2017 Boston Marathon 121st Boston Marathon HOPKINTON , MA - APRIL 17 : The first wave of runners follows the elite men at the first kilometer mark of the 121st running of the Boston Marathon in Hopkinton , MA on Apr . 17 , 2017 . ( Photo by Lane Turner/The Boston Globe via Getty Images )
Burgeoning media mogul David Chang is launching a food and culture podcast this week , Eater reports . The renowned chef and restaurateur is partnering with sports columnist Bill Simmons on The Dave Chang Show , which is scheduled to kick off on April 26 on The Ringer Podcast Network .
“ In the first episode @ davidchang explains to @ billsimmons why opening new restaurants is a terrible , torturous , and all-around foolish idea . And why they continue to do it anyway , ” tweeted Majordomo Media , Chang 's media platform .
The multimedia business , which Chang founded in March , shares its name with their new Los Angeles restaurant . According to The Hollywood Reporter , Chang says that Mojordomo Media is a venue for content dealing with “ food and culture in a way nobody has really ever tried . ”
Majordomo Media is thrilled to announce its first venture , and it 's a doozy : The Dave Chang Show is launching this Thursday ! Tune in to hear @ davidchang and their first guest @ billsimmons go deep on the insane process of trying to open a new restaurant ( and it is insane ) . pic.twitter.com/k1ziNuIDwz — Majordomo Media ( @ majordomomedia ) April 23 , 2018
Following the demise of Chang 's Lucky Peach magazine last spring , former editors Chris Ying and Rachel Khong , Ugly Delicious collaborator Christopher Chen and former Wired editor-in-chief Scott Dadich joined the Majordomo Media team .
“ Majordomo Media is looking to partner with best in class creators , advertisers and platforms across a wide range of media , and this is our first of many projects , ” Dave O'Connor , the company 's president of entertainment , said in a statement . “ The Ringer has demonstrated an ability to reach a key audience with compelling content , and is a great fit for Chang 's views on travel , food , culture , sports , and current affairs . ”
The Dave Chang Show is reportedly being presented as a limited series , and Simmons tweeted that subscription details will be available post-launch .
Before the Hellcat gets completely overshadowed by the new Dodge Demon , this one had just one more stunt to perform .
A video from Poland showing a Hellcat carrying a burnout all the way through seventh gear has gone viral , thanks to a post on the Cars thread on Reddit .
We at FOX Sports do not encourage these activities , but we are glad to see it was at least carried out on a quiet road with a clear line of sight and that the driver made sure to cross the intersection when the light was green .
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Pirelli motorsport boss Paul Hembery says there will be no point complaining if the Formula 1 tyre changes for 2017 make races less exciting because Pirelli has followed instructions ...
Get the Mach newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
From fighting wildfires to inspecting pipelines to spying on poachers , aerial drones have been put to all sorts of uses . And now they 're helping save human lives . In 2016 a Silicon Valley startup began using its drones to deliver blood in the East African nation of Rwanda — and the company plans to bring the service to the U.S. later this year .
Made by Zipline in Half Moon Bay , California , the battery-powered drones look like small planes and weigh about 25 pounds . They fly at speeds of up to 80 miles an hour and can deliver up to four pounds of blood or other medical supplies over distances of up to 50 miles .
In areas with few or poor roads , the drones can deliver their precious cargo faster than cars or trucks , dropping the supplies via parachute when they reach their destination and then returning to their launch site for reuse .
Workers prepare boxes for delivery in Rwanda . Courtesy Ziplinenull
“ We had heard about this big problem in places with poor road infrastructure that healthcare suffers a lot because they could n't get supplies to doctors when they needed them , ” said Keenan Wyrobek , Zipline 's chief technologist .
By making it faster and easier to get blood where it 's needed , the drones also promise to reduce the amount of blood that must be discarded because it 's reached its expiration date , Wyrobek said , adding that in some areas of the U.S. up to 20 percent of donor blood `` expires on the shelves . ”
Drone deliveries in Rwanda have reduced the waste of blood products by more than 95 percent , according to Zipline .
Dr. VJ Periyakoil , an associate professor of medicine at the Stanford University Medical Center , who is not associated with Zipline , said drones represent an opportunity to bring critical medical services to people or clinics in remote parts of the country .
`` When people are very isolated and doctors in these clinics have very limited resources , anything that can bring them supplies that they need in a timely fashion without things getting spoiled on the way is always a welcome use of technology , '' they said . `` Anything that can help with mitigating barriers to access is something that would be of great service to all patients anywhere . ''
The American Red Cross , the largest single supplier of blood in the U.S. , relies mostly on ground transportation to deliver blood . The organization has n't worked with Zipline , but Jodi Sheedy , a spokesperson for the organization , told NBC MACH in an email that `` we see the most blood product transportation potential for local hospital deliveries here in the U.S . ''
But Sheedy added that there are no plans to implement drone delivery of blood until the technology has been further evaluated .
Technicians work inside Zipline 's medical storage unit . Courtesy Ziplinenull
The Federal Aviation Administration 's current regulations restrict drones from flying beyond the line of sight of the operator . But Zipline is one of 149 applicants that have submitted proposals to an FAA pilot program that offers private companies the opportunity to partner with state and local governments to figure out how to safely operate drones . Zipline will know in early May if it has been selected to move forward and start flying deliveries in the country .
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Police in Southlake , Texas issued a warrant for the arrest of Crystal Ladawn Finley Tuesday , and injected a little humor into the announcement of the warrant on social media Southlake DPS
Get the Better newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
We 're in the thick of Girl Scout cookie season and the boxes are rolling in . Are you looking at the nutrition labels and having buyer 's remorse ? Well , do n't panic . Girl Scout cookies are treats ; they 're not meant to be healthy staples in your diet .
“ You 're not hitting any nutritional home runs with Girl Scout cookies , ” says Samantha Cassetty , a registered dietitian in New York City . But if you 're getting most of your nutrients from healthy foods like veggies , fruits , nuts , beans , whole grains and lean proteins — and not cookies , you 're in good shape .
Besides , Girl Scout cookies do have a few things going for them . First of all , by buying them , you 're supporting girls ( and getting some serious brownie points ) . Secondly , Girl Scout cookies are not following the super-size portion trend . “ They 've been getting smaller over time , ” says Madelyn Fernstrom , Ph.D. , NBC News Health and Nutrition Editor . “ So , one or two of your personal favorites can be a smart , guilt-free indulgence . ''
Martha McKittrick , a registered dietitian in New York City , points out that the Girl Scout cookie bakers have added some whole grains to a couple of the recipes ( albeit in very small amounts ) , which is an improvement . Some of the cookies also contain nuts , which offer protein and healthy fat .
They 've been getting smaller over time . So , one or two of your personal favorites can be a smart , guilt-free indulgence . They 've been getting smaller over time . So , one or two of your personal favorites can be a smart , guilt-free indulgence .
Cassetty suggests keeping an eye out for reasonable amounts of added sugar too . For a serving of cookies , they say that 's 7 grams . “ On a per-serving basis , most Girl Scout cookies do n't make the cut , ” they admit . “ But if you eat just one or two of the gluten-free Trios , it 's not a terrible choice — assuming cookies are not part of your daily diet ! ”
The truth is you 're getting a lot of refined carbohydrates , sugar and variable amounts of fat in your Girl Scout cookies . Many of them are particularly high in saturated fat — with most top sellers having more than 20 percent of the daily value .
Instead of focusing on individual nutrients , Cassetty says your best bet is to hone in on the serving size , which is standardized to the nearest ounce . That means the serving size for some cookies , like Shortbreads ( aka Trefoils® ) , which are thin and light , have more cookies per ounce than a denser choice like the Caramel Delites® ( aka Samoas® ) .
Cassetty 's advice is to stick with a lighter cookie and eat just one or two , even if the serving size suggests it 's okay to have four or five . “ A smaller dessert is always better than a bigger one , ” they say . “ Plus , satisfaction declines after the first few bites. ” So it 's a strategy that pays off in several ways ! Additionally , breaking up a serving for kids is a terrific way to teach them balance and moderation for indulgence foods .
Below is our breakdown of 2018 Girl Scout cookies from better to worst . We 've sized up the nutrition labels * with a strong focus on calories , fat and sugar content per serving .
1 . Shortbread aka Trefoils®
Coming in first place , these simple shortbread-style cookies contain only 4 grams of sugar per serving ( and a serving is 4 to 5 cookies , depending on which licensed baker baked the cookies ) . They 're also pretty low in calories compared to most of the other cookies . No wonder they 're a top-five best-seller !
2 . Trios
This chocolate chip , peanut butter , oatmeal cookies contain nutrition-positive ingredients like whole-grain oats and peanut butter , so they 're rolling in at No . 2 . They 're also gluten-free , which makes them a good choice for anyone following a gluten-free diet .
3 . Do-si-dos® aka Peanut Butter Sandwich
These best-selling cookies also contain both oats and peanut butter . The Peanut Butter Sandwich features peanut butter as its first ingredient , contains an extra gram of dietary fiber , and has only 6 grams of sugar compared to the Do-si-dos® , which contain 11 grams of sugar per serving .
`` Oh yeah , it 's on , '' says Ben Stiller 's White Goodman as they square up to Peter La Fleur ( Vince Vaughn ) on the DodgeBall court . `` It 's on AF . It 's ON so much that it never was off . Like , it was a waste of energy because we kept it ON all the time . Prepare to be humiliated on internet television – for charity . ''
It may have been a few years since the release of 2004 comedy film DodgeBall : A True Underdog Story , but all that competitive spirit has gone nowhere . Yes , Stiller and Vaughn are back – and this time they are inviting fans to join their squads .
To sign up for the `` charity dodgeball event of a lifetime '' , DodgeBall fans can pick between Stiller 's team ( Globo Gym ) or Vaughn 's ( Average Joe 's ) `` if losing is your thing '' .
And we 're not talking some kind of virtual event here . No , this is an actual real-life dodgeball game .
The winners will be flown out , given hotel rooms , outfitted , provided with sweatbands and kneepads and handed a ball . There will be a team photo and a pizza after-party , all in aid of children 's charity the Stiller Foundation . Hopefully no one will get hit in the head with a wrench , but there are no promises .
Entering costs a minimum of $ 10 , with incentives offered for bigger donations .
`` Pop the breaks , White . This moment is bigger than the both of us , '' as La Fleur says .
`` It 's all relative ''
It seems such a long time since I sat down to write about the EHFCL . In that time we have had the World Championships in France , the New England Patriots recorded the most improbable win in the Super Bowl and Donald Trump became POTUS , another something I thought improbable .
And in all that time the idea of nationhood and who belongs where started to rear its ugly head . And while all of that was going on I was reminded of New England 's coach Bill Belichick when they said : “ Race has nothing to do with sport ” .
How right they are . Where else other than sport would you find an Irish guy , travelling through Denmark to Sweden , to the “ Orange City ” to watch a motley crew of unknowns from different nations play in the Champions League against the power house of Rhein-Neckar Löwen . And yet that is where we find ourselves . A few seasons ago , only a few diehard experts would have even known that IFK Kristianstad existed and do n't get me started on trying to find this place on a map of the world . It is to all intents and purposes just another town in the firmament of handball , a place with almost no Champions League history and up until a few seasons ago , a pretty miserable history in the Swedish league . The team is mostly young Swedes with a smattering of Nordic players and a Montenegrin goalkeeper .
Enter Ola Lindgren and suddenly the landscape brightens up . A first league title in over 60 years was brought to the club and suddenly they were among the elite . The wise old head that had been part of that golden generation of Swedish handball was bringing about a miracle at a club that had been in the doldrums since 1953 . Just imagine how long ago that was . Queen Elizabeth II ascended the throne in England . That is a long wait for a league title and Lindgren did it . And they did it with young talent and journey men . This was n't a “ buy the best to fix it ” ; it was hard work and an eye for talent and hunger .
When the group phase for last season was announced and I saw Kristianstad in the mix in Group B , I doubt that I was the only one who raised an eyebrow . Surely this was a joke . I 'm a fan of merit and there had to be at least four other clubs that deserved that place ahead of Kristianstad . But Lindgren and their handball “ refugees ” won me over . Jamali , a cast off from Veszprem was superb , O'Sullivan was outstanding . Bjornsen , Cederhom etc , the list was endless . Suddenly , I was a believer and a fervent follower of the “ Orange Horde ” . It was n't the underdog tag that caused me to check their result week on week , it was the fact that they competed . And regardless of where you come from in the world , a fan only wants one thing ; when you pull on that jersey give it everything you have .
And so like Dorothy in Oz following the yellow brick road to the Emerald City , I get to meet the wizard in the Orange City . In a way this is a return to what MOTW stood for at the start . When we came up with the concept all those years ago , the idea was to educate the fans on all aspects of the CL . That meant travelling to the big , big games and the small outposts of handball that no-one had ever heard of . And so another great “ refugee ” of their time , Albert Einstein , came to mind : “ The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious ”
This is a new experience for me . An arena I have never visited and an atmosphere I have only admired from afar . There will be bigger names competing this weekend , but Kristianstad have proven that they are worth a visit . In fact , it is our duty to bring their raw emotion and power to you . RNL are firm favourites for this game with all their big names regardless of what happened here last year . They have a Bundesliga in their pocket and have that monkey off their back . And in Andy Schmid they have a playmaker at the peak of their talents . Look around that team and they do n't have a weakness . The surprise element that would have faced them last year is gone . The travel plans have been experienced before , they know the arena , and they have faced the fans , so to all intents and purposes this should be a walk in the park for them . It does n't hurt that they have some Swedish heroes in their ranks .
But suddenly they are facing a team with qualification in their own hands . Kristianstad 's unlikely victory away to Celje last week has given them renewed hope . For all the changes from last year 's roster , the team ethic is still there . And if I might quote Einstein again : “ When you are courting a nice girl an hour might seem like a minute . When you sit on a red-hot cinder , a second seems like an hour . This is relativity .
That arena is going to make the hour seem very long to RNL . Just look back to their meeting in Germany earlier in the group , what looked like being an easy victory led to a nervous last minute for RNL where they just about held onto a goal victory . In fact , IFK will still feel aggrieved for the overly long last attack that seemed to stretch out forever . Now imagine that same game with thousands of handball crazy Swedes urging you on . And just to add a little spice to the pot , Ola was once the head coach of the visiting team .
The names on the roster up there in Sweden wo n't resonate with you the way the RNL names will . A few will recognise Tollbring and Lagergren after Sweden 's run at the WCh , but to all intents and purposes they are a team of realtive unknowns . They are good professionals that add up to much more of the sum of their parts . It 's a clever mix of youth and experience that somehow , amidst the moving on of names in the shop window , has managed to stay in the group , when once again no one gave them a chance .
Lindgren reminds me a bit of Belichick ( HC of NE Patriots ) . The latter seems to find a home for those that have been considered surplus to requirements elsewhere . Lindgren finds the right player , with the right temperament to fit their style too . They have something unquantifiable that does n't add up to the names on the team sheet .
Will they win the CL ? No . Will they qualify for the knockout stages ? Maybe . Can they beat RNL ? Difficult .
Is it MOTW ? For me it is . They are , like so many of the smaller , less financially strong clubs , the cornerstone of the competition . Without them we do n't have the fairy story , we do n't have the David versus Goliath . Without them where is the breeding ground for all the young talented players . And they are never out of the game particularly in Kristianstad Arena . And for me , this is success . And as Albert says , it 's all relative .
TEXT :
A transgender Honduran woman , who was part of the caravan of Central American migrants that arrived at the U.S. border earlier this month , died in detention on Friday .
Roxana Hernandez , 33 , died in the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) at a hospital in Albuquerque , New Mexico , from what appeared to be cardiac arrest . Hernandez was first admitted to a hospital more than a week ago “ with symptoms of pneumonia , dehydration , and complications associated with HIV , ” according to a statement from ICE .
Roxsana Hernandez , right , a transgender woman who was part of the caravan of Central American migrants , died in ICE custody at a hospital in Albuquerque , New Mexico on May 25 , 2018 . Annie Rose Ramos
Immigration officials identified the woman as Jeffry Hernandez , but LGBTQ rights advocates and caravan organizers said their name was Roxana .
An ICE spokesperson confirmed Tuesday that Hernandez was part of the caravan .
Hernandez surrendered at San Ysidro Port of Entry between San Diego and Tijuana and asked for asylum on May 9 , according to Pueblo Sin Fronteras , the immigration-rights group that organized the caravan . The organization said they were held for five days by U.S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) in a holding cell that is part of a facility many refer to as the “ iceboxes ” due to its temperature .
On May 13 , Hernandez was transferred into ICE custody in San Diego . Three days later , they were taken to a transgender unit at the Cibola County Corrections Center , a privately owned prison facility for men in New Mexico that contracts with ICE .
The following day , May 17 , Hernandez was admitted to a nearby hospital , according to a statement from ICE , and later transferred to Albuquerque 's Lovelace Medical Center where they remained in an intensive care until they died on May 25 .
“ Roxana traveled over 2,000 miles through Mexican territory on foot , by train , by bus , because their last aspiration and hope was to save their own life , ” read a statement released Tuesday night on behalf of Pueblo Sin Fronteras and fellow immigration-rights groups Al Otro Lado and Diversidad Sin Fronteras .
“ Roxy died due to medical negligence by U.S. immigration authorities , ” the statement continued .
A 2015 report from the American Immigration Council describes the “ icebox ” holding cells as “ inadequate for any overnight detention , ” and official CBP policy states detention in these holding cells should last no longer than 72 hours . Hernandez was allegedly held for five days in the facility , which the report also describes as “ routinely lacking in adequate food , water , and medical care . ”
In a statement announcing Hernandez 's death , U.S. immigration officials said “ all ICE detainees receive medical , dental and mental health intake screening within 12 hours of arriving at each detention facility , ” along with “ access to daily sick call and 24-hour emergency care . ”
Hernandez was one of roughly 60 transgender women participating in the migrant caravan . The trans migrants all said they were forced to flee their home countries because of the discrimination and violence they faced for being transgender .
President Donald Trump has repeatedly criticized their predecessor 's foreign policy record since taking office , but former White House senior adviser and Deputy Chief of Staff Karl Rove told Fox News ' “ The O'Reilly Factor ” Monday that repeated criticism “ will quickly become tiresome . ”
“ Look , [ Trump ] is right that a lot of what we are facing today is a direct result of failed policies under Barack Obama , ” Rove told host Dana Perino . “ Having said that , though , it does n't make President Trump look strong . Better for them to focus what time they have with the American people … on looking at what he 's doing and carrying it forward . ”
“ The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy ! ” So true . @ foxandfriends — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) April 17 , 2017
Rove argued that Trump 's repeated criticism of Obama has overshadowed the new administration 's global successes , such as this month 's missile strike against Syria 's military .
“ If he 'd use [ Twitter ] to help advance their cause when it comes to this kind of foreign policy … then they do get more political credit , ” Rove said . “ Simply bashing President Obama … works with the people who are with them already , it does n't help expand [ his base ] by drawing to their side people who either sat out the election or were mildly disposed to be for Hillary Clinton over him . ”
TRUMP WHITE HOUSE DROPS POLICY OF IDENTIFYING VISITORS
Rove also adressed the controversy over the White House 's refusal to make its visitor logs public . They said the Trump administration was on “ solid legal ground ” to make the decision , but added that it was “ needless controversy . ”
“ He is already under fire for not releasing their tax returns as previous presidents have done , ” Rove said . “ Now , they have this where they look like he 's trying to constrict people 's information , people 's access to what 's going on . ”
South Simcoe Police were called to a home in Bradford after a report of domestic assault . Officers were informed that a woman had been assaulted and threatened by their husband in that home and that the assault only ended when a relative entered the room . A 27 year old Bradford man has been charged with Domestic Assault and Uttering Threats . They were released on conditions that they reside elsewhere and avoid the victim while they await their court date .
GPA : what 's the rush ? 14 June 2017
Waterford hurler Noel Connors , GPA CEO Dermot Earley , GPA President David Collins and Mayo footballer Tom Parsons .
©INPHO/Bryan Keane . Waterford hurler Noel Connors , GPA CEO Dermot Earley , GPA President David Collins and Mayo footballer Tom Parsons.©INPHO/Bryan Keane .
The GPA want more time to consult their members of the GAA 's new hurling championship proposals .
The player body 's Chief Executive Dermot Earley will make their feelings known at this Saturday 's Central Council meeting which is due to consider the new round robin blueprint .
“ I will certainly be airing the view to everybody in that room ( Central Council ) , ” they informed The Irish Daily Star .
“ Let 's hold tough on this . Why do we have to have this decision within a 10 day period ? That 's not right .
“ ( It 's a ) short timeframe for us to go and consult our members .
“ We have to be mindful that our members are in all 32 counties , so it is quite difficult sometimes to get that information back in , in a short period of time .
“ I have actually already said that to Paraic Duffy and I will be airing the views of whatever the membership want or respond to as regards the hurling proposal at Central Council . ”
CHARLOTTE , N.C. — The Panthers are trying to give quarterback Cam Newton more pieces to work with on offence .
Carolina has agreed to terms with free agent slot wide receiver Jarius Wright on a three-year deal , a person familiar with the situation said Monday . The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the Panthers have not announced the move .
Financial terms of the deal were not immediately known .
The Panthers ranked 28th in the league in passing last season .
The 28-year-old Wright has spent all six NFL seasons with the Vikings and is familiar with Panthers offensive co-ordinator Norv Turner , having worked under them for more than two seasons in Minnesota .
The former fourth-round pick was released by the Vikings last week .
The 5-foot-10 , 191-pound Wright had 18 receptions for 198 yards and two touchdowns in 2017 . Their most productive season came in 2014 , when they caught 42 passes for 588 yards and two touchdowns .
Earlier this off-season , the Panthers traded cornerback Daryl Worley to Philadelphia for wide receiver Torrey Smith giving them a new starter opposite No . 1 receiver Devin Funchess .
Wright has primarily worked in the slot in the past . They have 153 catches for 2,039 yards and 10 touchdowns during their career with Minnesota .
The Panthers are still in the market for a cornerback after a deal fell through for free agent Bashaud Breeland last week . Breeland had agreed to terms on a contract with Carolina but later failed a physical .
—-
More AP NFL : https : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–NFL
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
ARYZTA CHIEF EXECUTIVE TO LOSE OUT ON STOCK OPTIONS - Aryzta 's departing chief executive Owen Killian is set to lose out on 410,000 stock options granted to them last year around the same time as they were forced to sell two-thirds of their shares as their value plummeted .
Under the terms of the options granted on March 15th , 2016 , Mr Killian would have had to remain in continuous employment for three years to benefit , says the Irish Times . The options were awarded on the same day the chief executive completed the sale of 426,250 shares , raising about €16 million , in a move triggered by weakness in the stock at the time impacting the collateral value of the shares . Mr Killian , who has been with the company and its predecessor IAWS for almost four decades , has a further 750,000 of fully vested stock options which are currently underwater . They can convert 300,000 of these into shares at 37.23 Swiss francs ( €35 ) , with the remainder at almost 40 francs . However , the shares are currently trading below both exercise prices , at 33.08 francs . Aryzta said on Tuesday that Mr Killian , the group 's chief financial officer Patrick McEniff and chief executive of the Americas region John Yamin have all tendered their resignation after a series of profit warnings and earnings reports that disappointed the market . They will all leave the company at the end of its financial year in July .
* * *
AER LINGUS CLOSES IN ON DEAL FOR SEVEN JETS - Aer Lingus is understood to be close to finalising a deal that would add seven long-range versions of the Airbus A321neo to its fleet .
Aer Lingus , part of the IAG airline group that also owns British Airways , Iberia and Vueling , has been eyeing the aircraft for some time . If the deal is sealed , the jets would join the Aer Lingus fleet beginning in 2019 . They would be used to help Aer Lingus expand operations to the US , initially replacing leased Boeing 757s that the carrier has used both on thinner routes to the US , and to boost frequencies on others . Aer Lingus declined to comment on whether a deal has been finalised . It issued a request for tender for the jets last year . The long-range A321neo could also be used on the Aer Lingus European network , ceo Stephen Kavanagh told the Irish Independent in a recent interview . The new jets would most likely be leased . `` We remain confident that the aircraft has the capacity to assist us in building out our ambition , '' they said . `` And if we retain discipline with regard to cost , that aircraft opens up new opportunities . Mr Kavanagh said the Airbus could be configured to accommodate 16 business travellers and 172 economy seats .
* * *
IRISH PORTS SHOW BREXIT CURRENCY FALLOUT - The effect of Brexit on some types of exports and imports may be showing up in reduced traffic through Irish ports .
Figures from the Irish Maritime Development Office which monitors traffic through ports show that a sharp drop in so-called dry bulk traffic dropped 10 % in the fourth quarter of last year from a year earlier , as coal and trade in animal feeds fell sharply . The period coincided with the sharp fall in the value of sterling against the euro amid heightened uncertainty over the UK 's plans following its June decision to quit the EU , writes the Irish Examiner . The sharp weakness of sterling can affect the huge amounts of both exports and imports passing through ports and can be particularly disruptive to large shipments such as agri-food and fuels . Overall , the Maritime Office figures which cover ports in the Republic and the North , show port activity in the Republic fell 2 % in the quarter - mainly because of the drop in bulk traffic . Other signs of the Brexit currency effect may be found in the 4 % annual drop in liquid bulk traffic at ports in the Republic .
SANTA FE , N.M. — Federal authorities are restricting access to multiple wilderness areas in northern New Mexico amid potential wildlife concerns .
The U.S. Forest Service says Santa Fe National Forest will close at 8 a.m. Friday . It 's the first national forest closure for New Mexico this season , while portions of national forests in neighbouring Arizona already have been closed .
Portions of three national park sites in New Mexico also will be off limits starting midnight Friday . The National Park Service announced backcountry within Bandelier National Monument , Pecos National Historical Park and Valles Caldera National Preserve will be closed .
The parks ' visitor centres will remain open . People can still hike parts of Bandelier and Pecos .
But Valles Caldera is suspending access to all fishing , horseback riding , biking and hiking , with the exception of ranger-led tours and hikes .
CUMMINS UNIT , Ark . — The United States Supreme Court rejected a request by the state of Arkansas early Tuesday to execute the first prisoner in a tight schedule of eight death sentences it planned to complete before the end of the month .
The decision was the culmination of a chaotic day of legal arguments , as Arkansas attempts to carry out its first executions in 12 years before its supply of lethal-injection drugs expires at the end of the month .
The high court gave no explanation for its ruling , but said it would not lift an order made by the Arkansas Supreme Court on Monday to stop the executions of two inmates set to be put to death that night . They were scheduled to be the first of eight people put to death in the space of 10 days .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Remember the Victims ' : Ark . Governor 's Office Weighs in as Executions Blocked 0:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Supreme Court 's decision came 10 minutes before the death warrant expired for one of these men , 56-year-old Don Davis .
Volunteer witnesses had been moved to the execution chamber while local media organizations — who were not allowed pens , paper or any recording devices — waited nearby in prison vans .
Davis had already been moved to the Cummins Unit — where the lethal injection gurney is located — and they were even given their last meal . In fact , it was their second `` last meal , '' the first coming in 2010 before their execution was stayed at the last minute .
This time , they ate `` fried chicken , rolls , great northern beans and mashed potatoes , fruit punch and strawberry cake for dessert , '' Solomon Graves , the spokesperson for the Arkansas Department of Corrections ( ADC ) , said .
Davis ' leftover cake was made available to reporters . Very few pieces were eaten .
The inmate was sentenced to death in 1990 for killing a 62-year-old woman named Jane Daniel during a burglary at their home in Rogers , Arkansas .
Related : Arkansas Judge Barred from Ruling on Executions After Showing Up at Protest
Before the decision came in , Graves , the ADC spokesperson , sat hunched over a telephone connected directly to the Arkansas death house . But the ruling was not delivered by phone but by a member of ADC staff .
Addressing reporters after the decision , they explained that Davis would soon be returned to death row and that the staff had been prepared for the long evening and would be similarly prepared in the future .
`` The Department of Corrections ' attention now shifts to the executions that are scheduled for Thursday , '' Graves said . `` At this point , there are no stays in place . ''
`` I would encourage you to remember the victims throughout this process and their families who have had to go through this nightmare , '' they added . `` Tonight the justice they were hoping to get , they once again will not receive . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Arkansas execution spree on hold 11:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Davis and fellow inmate Bruce Ward were the first two men scheduled to die in the 10-day spate of executions . They had requested a delay Wednesday , citing the need to wait for the conclusion of a U.S. Supreme Court case , McWilliams v. Dunn .
Oral arguments for that case are n't expected until April 24 and will discuss inmates ' rights for an independent expert to assess their health .
Both inmates ' lawyers claim their clients are too mentally impaired to face capital punishment and were not offered a proper mental health screening .
Executing either man before the conclusion of McWilliams v. Dunn would be `` profoundly arbitrary and unjust , '' according to Arkansas Assistant Federal Defense Attorney Scott Braden , who is representing Ward .
The Arkansas Department of Corrections had , nevertheless , prepared for Davis ' execution Monday night while lawyers for the state asked the U.S. Supreme Court to allow the death sentences to be carried out . But the Supreme Court declined to intervene early Tuesday , leaving the state supreme court 's stay in effect and sparing Davis ' life for the time being .
Related : Arkansas Executions : First Two Men Scheduled to Die Push for Delay
Arkansas Gov . Asa Hutchinson said they were `` disappointed '' by the ruling . `` While this has been an exhausting day for all involved , tomorrow we will continue to fight back on last minute appeals and efforts to block justice for the victims ' families , '' Hutchinson said .
The Supreme Court 's decision came down on Neil Gorsuch 's first day as justice . It is unknown how the fledgling judge voted , though the governor 's office indicated that all nine justices discussed the issue for hours before coming to a decision .
The governor 's office does not believe that Davis and Ward 's executions could be scheduled before the end of April , which means they are unlikely to face the death penalty for the foreseeable future because one of the state 's lethal injection drugs is set to expire on April 30 .
The remaining inmates who are to be put to death before the end of the month are expected to appeal the 8th circuit 's decision to the Supreme Court as well . If taken by the country 's highest court , the justices would have to give a more definitive answer about the controversial drug midazolam — the first drug in Arkansas 's lethal injection cocktail .
Share
Amazon is opening its second “ grab-and-go ” store in the coming months , and it promises to be much larger than its first one .
Amazon Go lets customers take their items and leave without having to visit a checkout . Cameras and sensors placed around the store automatically record a shopper 's selections before charging them to their account when they exit the store .
The new Amazon Go will be located inside the Madison Centre building at the corner of Fifth Avenue and Marion Street in the company 's home city of Seattle , GeekWire reported on Tuesday . That 's about a mile from Amazon 's Day 1 tower where the first Go store opened in January .
“ We are excited to bring Amazon Go to 920 5th Avenue in Seattle , ” Amazon confirmed in a statement , adding that it 'll open in the fall of 2018 .
Permit filings seen by GeekWire suggest the store will be significantly larger of the original one , with space of 3,000 square feet compared to 1,800 square feet .
In May , Amazon confirmed it 's also looking to open Go stores in Chicago and San Francisco , though it declined to offer any specific dates . It 's already secured a permit for the construction of what 's believed to be a Go store in Chicago 's Loop district , while Union Square has reportedly been selected for the San Francisco site .
There have also been reports that the company wants to open as many as six Amazon Go stores in U.S. cities before the end of 2018 .
The apparent expansion drive is confirmation that the company is happy with the operation of its original checkout-less store , with its technology functioning as it should . As you 'd expect with such a revolutionary idea , the original store saw extensive testing with Amazon employees before it opened to the public , and things did n't always go to plan .
To shop at the high-tech store , customers only need to scan their Amazon Go app when they enter the premises . After that , it 's simply a case of choosing your items and popping them in your bag . The system can even track when you put a previously selected item back on the shelf , should you change your mind as you make your way around .
The interest in checkout-less stores is apparently spreading to other big companies , too . Last month , reports surfaced that Microsoft is developing similar technology and is in talks with Walmart about a possible partnership .
If you 're seeking relationship bliss circa 2017 , look no further than your phone .
It seems emojis , those expressive pictures all over texts and Instagram , could actually help our love lives . In their new book , “ The Emoji Code , ” to be published in the U.S. in August by MacMillan Picador , British linguist Vyv Evans argues that emojis are making us better communicators .
Evans calls emojis a “ near-universal form of communication , ” replacing internet slang like LOL with the popular “ face with tears of joy ” emoji .
And while they say some see the little glyphs as “ little more than an adolescent grunt , ” Evans says those people could n't be more wrong .
Evans ' research found that 72 percent of 18- to 25-year-olds find it easier to express their emotions if they 're using emojis . And 80 percent of people in the U.K. said they use them .
There 's a reason for that : Digital communication has stripped away important context like gestures , facial expressions and tone of voice . Emails and texts often come across as more ambiguous — or mean-spirited — than intended .
Enter the emoji . Adding a little smiley face or winking eye can convey joking or sarcasm . A text that says “ Sure , go ahead ! ” with a kissy face could read more like “ sure … go ahead ” without one .
A Match.com survey of singles in America found that people who use emojis went on more dates and were more likely to have sex than those who did n't . More than half of singles who used emojis had sex in 2014 , compared to 31 percent of singles who did n't , according to the survey .
NBC News /
If this leaves you with a confused face , and you do n't even know how to express that in emoji , check out this quick primer of definitions from Emojipedia .
Seems Andrea Lee is ready for the start of the spring season .
The Stanford sophomore , the favorite for this year 's Annika Award as the nation 's top player , fired a 12-under 58 during the Cardinal 's practice Thursday at their home course .
When you have a putt to go under .... pic.twitter.com/12XXRUCKVE — Stanford WGolf ( @ StanfordWGolf ) February 2 , 2018
But wait , there is one more hole ..... hit it to 30 inches and make another 12 under pic.twitter.com/DzLHKrCbvo — Stanford WGolf ( @ StanfordWGolf ) February 2 , 2018
That was one stroke better than Viraat Badhwar 's course-record 59 ( which they shot in 2014 ) , but Stanford coach Anne Walker said this round wo n't officially count as the course record . The 10th hole is currently under construction , so the team instead played Stanford Golf Course 's 19th hole , a par 3 .
Still , Lee 's 12-under round generated some attention on social media .
“ And they parred one of our easier par 5s ! ” Walker said .
There has never been a 59 in an official college event .
Lee already has three wins and a tie for third in four starts this season .
A perennial national-title favorite , Stanford resumes its season Feb. 11 at the Northrop Grunman Challenge in Palos Verdes , Calif .
Boston Celtics guard Marcus Smart , left , blocks a shot by Milwaukee Bucks forward Giannis Antetokounmpo during the first quarter of Game 5 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series in Boston , Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 . Charles Krupa AP Photo
Transcript for The employee responsible for the Hawaii missile alert tells their story
Moving on to thed fall employee who pushed the button that sent Hawaii into a panic . Saying they 100 % believed that missile was inbound and that death threats have followed their mistake . Here 's ABC 's Stephanie Ramos . Reporter : They said they did n't know it was a drill . I did n't hear exercise from the message or my co-workers . Reporter : But investigators finding it was sent during a drill . That included the words exercise , exercise , exercise . Fiver other workers listening on speaker phone heard those words . The U.S. Pacific command has detonated a missile threat . Reporter : Yet they still sent that dreadful message about a missile attack sending hawaiians running for cover . If you 're outdoors -- Reporter : The widespread alarm lasted for an excruciating 38 minutes . I felt terrible . Reporter : Several employees have been disciplined or are stepping down . According to FCC report on the incident , there was no requirement to double-check with a colleague or supervisor before the warning was sent statewide . But that has been changed . Tom . Stephanie , thank you .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
This weekend , take in the sights and sounds of the 47th annual Old West End Festival .
The festival begins Friday at 6 p.m. and runs until Sunday at 6 p.m .
House tours are one of the most popular events , going on Saturday and Sunday from 11 a.m.-5 p.m .
The Marketplace , with hundreds of vendors , is open Saturday and Sunday from 10 a.m.-5 p.m .
King Wamba Carnival Parade is Saturday at 10 a.m .
The 5K run/walk kicks off at 9 a.m. , winds through the streets of the Old West End and finishes at the Toledo Museum of Art on Sunday .
Copyright 2018 WTOL . All rights reserved .
The list is mainly made up of smartwatches from fashion brands , such as Louis Vuitton , while older Android Wear devices and the Asus ZenWatch 3 have been left out for now -- among them the LG Watch R , and the original Huawei Watch and 2nd gen Moto 360/Sport from 2015 ( as noted by 9to5Google ) . Getting stuck on Nougat does n't bode well for those that did n't make the cut .
Android Wear Oreo ( 8.0 ) update is already available in the following watches :
Fossil Q Venture
LG Watch Sport
Louis Vuitton Tambour
Michael Kors Sofie
Montblanc Summit
Watches that are currently pursuing the Android Wear Oreo ( 8.0 ) update :
Casio PRO TREK Smart WSD-F20
Casio WSD-F10 Smart Outdoor Watch
Diesel Full Guard
Emporio Armani Connected
Fossil Q Control
Fossil Q Explorist
Fossil Q Founder 2.0
Fossil Q Marshal
Fossil Q Wander
Gc Connect
Guess Connect
Huawei Watch 2
Hugo BOSS BOSS Touch
LG Watch Style
Michael Kors Access Bradshaw
Michael Kors Access Dylan
Michael Kors Access Grayson
Misfit Vapor
Mobvoi Ticwatch S & E
Movado Connect
Nixon Mission
Polar M600
TAG Heuer Tag Connected Modular 45
Tommy Hilfiger 24/7 You
ZTE Quartz
Not for the first time , and certainly not the last , there 's been as much talk in the practice days about the set-up of this US Open course as there has been about the contenders to lift the trophy on Sunday .
We hope it 's going to be on Sunday , but with the threatened thunderstorms around for the weekend and the ever-present possibility of an 18-hole play-off , we could well be back here for a dreaded Monday finish .
Weather delays do seem inevitable over the next four days .
One man hoping for just that today is Phil Mickelson , who is attempting to attend their daughter 's high school graduation in California and then play in the first round here .
The problem is there is a 2,200-mile journey between the two events . They reckon they need a four-hour weather delay and that looks unlikely .
So what about the other main talking points ?
Well we have heard a lot about the deep fescue rough , with the tall grass cut at at the fourth , 12th , 14th and 18th holes .
Rory McIlroy gave their strong thoughts on the topic earlier in the week , and they believe , with 50-yard fairways , it should n't be an issue .
Indeed far from being a difficult test , some players , like the 2015 champions Jordan Spieth , see opportunities in the undulations of Erin Hills .
Defending champion Dustin Johnson , meanwhile , does n't seem concerned either . In a week in which they have been preoccupied by the birth of their baby son , all the talk of bad weather , slow rounds and fescue rough has n't remotely concerned him .
He 's had enough on their plate with pressing family matters and they seem as unflustered as ever and ready to play .
The first of four Irish starters , Paul Dunne , is out at 1.20pm .
Graeme McDowell , the 2010 champion , is out after 2pm , while Shane Lowry and Rory McIlroy are out at around 8pm .
Greg Allen will provide regular radio updates on RTÉ Radio One and 2fm and there will be a live tracker on RTÉ.ie for all four rounds at Erin Hills
Harvey Weinstein is indicted by New York grand jury in rape case . ( Source : Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP )
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on rape and criminal sex act charges , furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul .
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein `` another step closer to accountability '' for alleged attacks on two women in New York .
Weinstein 's lawyer , Benjamin Brafman , said they would `` vigorously defend '' against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it . They called the allegations `` unsupported '' and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them .
The indictment came hours after Weinstein 's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there was n't enough time to prepare them and `` political pressure '' made an indictment unavoidable .
`` Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein 's personal testimony might be , an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein , '' the statement said .
Weinstein , 66 , learned of the specific charges and the accusers ' identities only after turning themselves on Friday , according to their lawyers . Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not , prosecutors denied their request for more time .
Vance said the Weinstein camp 's `` recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable . ''
`` We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence , it will reject these attacks out of hand , '' Vance said in a statement .
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another . A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case , as it had been doing for weeks .
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury 's secret proceedings but often do n't , for various reasons .
Freed on $ 1 million bail and electronic monitoring , they are due back in court July 30 , though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment .
Beyond the two women involved in the case , dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales .
They have denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex , and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was `` confident he 's going to clear their name '' in the New York prosecution .
Brafman called the rape allegation `` absurd , '' saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long , consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack .
The woman , who has n't been identified publicly , told investigators that Weinstein confined them in a hotel room and raped them
The other accuser in the case , former actor Lucia Evans , has gone public with their account of Weinstein forcing them to perform oral sex at their office in 2004 . The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly .
Vance , a Democrat , came under public pressure from women 's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015 , when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting .
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct . But Vance decided there was n't enough evidence to bring charges .
Gov . Andrew Cuomo , also a Democrat , ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Social Security is a vital way for retirees to make ends meet , and making the most of your Social Security benefits is critical . Plenty of conventional strategies exist that can help you boost your benefits , from delaying before applying for Social Security to making sure that you 've maximized your earnings throughout your 35-year career . However , there are also some little-known aspects of Social Security that open the door to more unconventional ways to get bigger Social Security checks . Below , we 'll look at three of them .
Continue Reading Below
Image source : Getty Images .
1 . Stay married just a bit longer
For most couples contemplating divorce , the last thing they 'd want to hear is advice telling them to stay together any longer than absolutely necessary . However , Social Security gives divorcing couples an incentive to stick it out until their 10th anniversary , because if they do , the ex-spouses can collect spousal and survivor benefits based on their ex-spouse 's work history . That can mean a lot of extra money , especially in situations where there are substantial earnings disparities between the spouses .
Indeed , one anecdote suggests that this might even have played at least a small role in a celebrity marriage . Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner reportedly split up one day after their 10th anniversary , and tabloids noted that this would have entitled the couple to take spousal benefits . California state family law also likely played a role , with courts often ruling toward more equitable divisions of property for longer-lasting marriages of 10 years or more . This probably is n't something worth staying in a bad marriage for several extra years , but if you 've already gotten close to the mark , there 's an incentive to go the distance for Social Security purposes .
2 . Marry up…
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Conversely , if your earnings history — or those of an ex-spouse — is n't quite up to snuff , one way to piggyback onto a better Social Security situation is to get married to someone with a more impressive lifetime earnings history . There 's no age limitation on how old you can be when you get married . Before a new spouse can file for Social Security spousal benefits , the marriage must have reached its first anniversary by the day before filing the application .
Those added benefits also apply in a survivor situation . Couples must have been married for at least nine months prior to the death of the person on whose work history the surviving spouse is claiming survivor benefits . However , there are exceptions to that rule , including accidental death or active military service members ' deaths in the line of duty , that allow survivor benefits with no time limit . Again , this rules out death-bed nuptials , but it does open up some opportunities for some seniors .
3 . … or do n't remarry at all
Finally , there are situations in which getting remarried can cost you your benefits , making it smarter not to tie the knot a second time . For instance , in the divorce situation mentioned above , those who were married for at least 10 years can claim spousal benefits on an ex-spouse 's work history . However , those rights go away if you get remarried . Instead , you would then only be able to collect spousal benefits based on your current spouse 's work record .
A similar situation exists with respect to survivor benefits after the death of a spouse or ex-spouse , but there 's an added twist . Remarrying before you reach age 60 cuts off survivor benefits , leaving you only with any spousal rights related to your current spouse . However , if you get remarried after your 60th birthday , then you can hang onto survivor benefit eligibility from a prior spouse . That puts you in a situation where you can pick and choose the best benefit available . Meanwhile , it might make sense to wait to remarry if you 're younger than that key 60-year-old mark .
These three methods for getting more from Social Security are n't exactly the most conventional , and some would believe that they 're too crazy to consider . Nevertheless , they are consistent with Social Security law , and they 're something to keep in mind if you find yourself in any of the situations discussed above .
The $ 15,834 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you 're like most Americans , you 're a few years ( or more ) behind on your retirement savings . But a handful of little-known “ Social Security secrets ” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income . For example : one easy trick could pay you as much as $ 15,834 more… each year ! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits , we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we 're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies .
Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fool may not all hold the same opinions , but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
NEW YORK — The latest on developments in financial markets ( All times local ) :
9:35 a.m .
Stocks are opening slightly lower on Wall Street as technology and phone companies take losses .
The declines early Friday threatened to put an end to the longest winning streak in four years for the Standard & Poor 's 500 index .
Wholesale club operator Costco sank 5.2 per cent after reporting a disappointing quarter .
Bond prices fell , pushing yields higher . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.40 per cent .
The higher yields send banks higher . Citizens Financial rose 1.4 per cent .
The S & P 500 index fell 4 points , or 0.2 per cent , to 2,547 .
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 21 points , or 0.1 per cent , to 22,753 , and the Nasdaq composite fell 9 points , or 0.1 per cent , to 6,576 .
( AP Photo/Tertius Pickard ) . Tim Puetz of Germany , right , reacts with their teammate Jan-Lennard Struff , left , after winning a point in the doubles match between Germany and Australia at the Davis Cup World Group first round in Brisbane , Australia , Satur ...
( AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic ) . United States ' Steve Johnson , right , watches teammate Ryan Harrison return the ball to Serbia 's Nikola Milojevic and Miljan Zekic during their Davis Cup World Group first round tennis match in Nis , Serbia , Saturday , Feb. 3 , ...
( AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic ) . United States ' Steve Johnson hits a forehand to Serbia 's Nikola Milojevic and Miljan Zekic during their Davis Cup World Group first round tennis match in Nis , Serbia , Saturday , Feb. 3 , 2018 . At right is United States ' Ryan H ...
By FOSTER NIUMATA
Associated Press
The United States advanced to the Davis Cup quarterfinals after beating Serbia for the first time thanks to a four-set doubles win on Saturday .
The U.S. ran into Novak Djokovic in the previous losses , but without them Serbia was eliminated 3-0 and a day early in Nis .
Switzerland , without Roger Federer , suffered the same fate in Astana , where host Kazakhstan won 3-0 after a nearly 3 1/2-hour doubles .
Timur Khabibulin and Aleksandr Nedovyesov , playing their second Davis Cup doubles , defeated Marc-Andrea Huesler and Luca Margaroli 6-4 , 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-7 ( 5 ) , 6-3 , and await Croatia or Canada in April .
The Swiss , since winning the title in 2014 , have lost in the first round each year since .
U.S. pair Ryan Harrison and Steve Johnson beat Serbia team Nikola Milojevic and Miljan Zekic 6-7 ( 3 ) , 6-2 , 7-5 , 6-4 to cap singles wins by Sam Querrey and John Isner .
The Americans will have a home quarterfinal against Belgium or Hungary .
Belgium , the 2017 finalist which was 2-0 up on Hungary after Friday , failed to clinch the tie in Liege when Ruben Bemelmans and Joris de Loore lost to Attila Balazs and Marton Fucsovics 6-3 , 6-4 , 6-7 ( 2 ) , 4-6 , 7-5 in a match lasting more than four hours .
David Goffin , 22-3 in cup singles , is favored to clinch the tie in the first reverse singles on Sunday against Marton Fucsovics , who will be playing their third match in three days .
Defending champion France moved 2-1 ahead of the Netherlands in Alobertville after two-time major winners Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut came through against Robin Haase and Jean-Julien Rojer 7-6 ( 6 ) , 6-3 , 6-7 ( 3 ) , 7-6 ( 2 ) .
`` We were lucky , '' France captain Yannick Noah said . `` The Dutch boys were starting to believe in themselves . ''
Adrian Mannarino has the first shot on Sunday at completing France 's comeback , and an 11th successive win against the Dutch .
Australian Open singles finalist Marin Cilic was summoned by Croatia just hours beforehand to combine with Ivan Dodig , but the old partners almost took too long to get energized against Canada . The 45-year-old Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil won the first two sets but could n't hold on and lost 2-6 , 3-6 , 6-4 , 7-5 , 6-2 .
Cilic is playing only doubles , and leaving Borna Coric to try and win the tie on Sunday against Denis Shapovalov in Osijek . Canada has n't won an away tie since 2011 .
Spain led Britain 2-1 in Marbella after Pablo Carreno Busta and Feliciano Lopez dusted off Dominic Inglot and Jamie Murray 6-4 , 6-4 , 7-6 ( 4 ) .
In the absence of Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray , the first reverse singles on Sunday will be between Albert Ramos Vinolas and Cameron Norrie . But Australian Open semifinalist Kyle Edmund practiced after the doubles and could be available for Britain .
Germany led Australia 2-1 in Brisbane thanks to Tim Puetz and Jan-Lennard Struff prevailing against Matthew Ebden and John Peers 6-4 , 6-7 ( 1 ) , 6-2 , 6-7 ( 4 ) , 6-4 .
The visitor was also up in Morioka , where Italy led Japan after Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini outlasted Ben Mclachlan and Yasutaka Uchiyama 7-5 , 6-7 ( 4 ) , 7-6 ( 3 ) , 7-5 .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
An Australian report into child sex abuse on Monday recommended new laws to compel clergy to report sex abuse allegations they hear in religious confession .
Current laws in most Australian states uphold the confidentiality of the religious confession .
A government-sanctioned inquiry into child sex abuse said it heard that some perpetrators who confessed to sexually abusing children went on to reoffend and seek forgiveness again .
`` Clergy should not be able to refuse to report because the information was received during confession , '' the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse said in a statement attached to the report on Monday .
`` Persons in institutions should report if they know , suspect or should have suspected a child is being or has been sexually abused . ''
The Australian government did not immediately respond to the report .
The Royal Commission had previously heard that 7 percent of Catholic priests working in Australia between 1950 and 2010 were accused of child sex crimes and that close to 1,100 people filed child sexual assault claims against the Anglican Church over a 35-year period .
A royal commission is Australia 's most powerful kind of government-appointed inquiry and can compel witnesses to give evidence and recommend prosecutions , but it does not make laws .
`` Priests are able to say that they did n't have to divulge anything in confessional because of this privilege — this would change that , '' barrister Miiko Kumar , a legal academic at the University of Sydney , said of the commission 's recommendation .
`` It would make it absolutely clear that this should be an offence and a priest ca n't claim the privilege . ''
A similar rule , overriding the confessional privilege in Church law that prevents clerics from sharing information , was introduced in Ireland in 2012 .
A spokesperson for Australia 's Catholic Church did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Michael Quinlan , a legal expert at Catholic University Notre Dame in Sydney , previously told the inquiry that confession is a sacrament `` at the heart of the Catholic religious faith '' and to change its legal status would undermine religious freedoms .
LONDON — A teenage Iraqi asylum-seeker who told police they had been trained by the Islamic State group was convicted of attempted murder on Friday for planting a home-made bomb on a London subway train .
Ahmed Hassan Metropolitan police via Reuters
Ahmed Hassan , 18 , showed no emotion as they were found guilty at London 's Central Criminal Court .
The bomb partially exploded on a London Underground train at Parsons Green station on Sept. 15 , sending a fireball down the packed carriage that left 23 people with burn injuries . Police say 28 more were hurt in a panicked rush to leave the train .
Prosecutors said there would have been many more injuries and probably deaths if the device had operated properly . Prosecutor Alison Morgan told jurors it was just “ a matter of luck ” that the bomb did n't fully detonate .
Hassan admitted building the bomb but denied attempted murder , saying they had not meant for it to explode . On the witness stand they said they only wanted to cause a fire because they were “ bored and stressed ” and had developed a fantasy about becoming a fugitive .
Prosecutors said Hassan built the device from everyday ingredients , following instructions they found online . They ordered hydrogen peroxide and other chemicals to make the explosive TATP , and bought nuts , bolts and knives for shrapnel at supermarkets .
An injured woman is led away from Parsons Green subway station in London on Sept. 15 . Luke MacGregor / Reuters
They set a timer and left the bomb , inside a white bucket wrapped in a plastic supermarket bag , aboard a London Underground train during the morning rush hour . Hassan got off the train one stop before it exploded .
The teenager left northern Iraq and arrived in Britain in 2015 after traveling across Turkey and Europe and stowing away on a truck through the Channel Tunnel . They claimed asylum and was living with a foster family near London and attending a college before the attack .
British authorities have been criticized for failing to foresee that Hassan , who had shown signs of depression and trauma , might act violently . During a January 2016 immigration interview , they told officials that they were recruited by ISIS in Iraq and forced to train with them .
Ahmed Hassan is captured on a surveillance camera on a train the day of the Parsons Green bombing . Metropolitan police / AFP - Getty Images
“ They trained us how to kill . It was all religious based , ” they said .
In court , Hassan claimed they had made up the claim about ISIS to increase their chances of getting asylum in Britain .
They told a teacher at their college that they had a “ duty to hate Britain , ” because they blamed it for a bomb that killed their father in Iraq more than a decade before .
Hassan will be sentenced next week . They face a maximum of life in prison .
There will be plenty to talk about when Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson faces the media this afternoon ( Friday ) ahead of the Eagles ' clash with Newcastle United .
The Eagles host the Magpies at Selhurst Park on Sunday , with the game kicking off at 2.15pm .
And Hodgson is likely to provide injury updates on several Palace players ahead of the game , including Bakary Sako , who went off injured in the 1-1 draw with West Ham United on Tuesday .
Hodgson is also likely to face questions on Palace 's January transfer window business , and whether deadline day signing Alexander Sorloth could feature in the squad for the game on Sunday .
In addition , Hodgson should also face questions about Newcastle and their opposite number Rafa Benitez , as Palace look to continue their impressive recent home form .
To find out what the Eagles boss has to say , follow our live blog below .
DUBLIN , Ohio ( AP ) — The two biggest figures at the Memorial , Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods , managed to carve out some private time at the back of the 10th tee amid a mass of people Wednesday at Muirfield Village .
Some of it was just catching up . The two most prolific winners of major championship had not seen each other since April at the Masters .
And the tournament host had some encouraging words .
Nicklaus complimented Woods on their swing , and then told them what Woods has felt for the last few months .
`` He was saying that my swing is starting to look a little bit better , '' Woods said . `` And I said , 'Yeah , I 'm really not that far away , ' and they totally agreed . They just kept urging me to be patient with it because they could see that I 've made some pretty big strides this year , and not far away from putting it all together . ''
The Memorial presents such an opportunity .
Woods has won at the course Jack built a record five times . The most recent victory was in 2012 , when they took command from behind the 16th green by turning a potential bogey into a chip-in birdie that Nicklaus still thinks is one of the best shots they ever saw .
The most recent appearance ? That 's different .
Woods last played the Memorial in 2015 . In the last few months before a series of back surgeries , Woods shot 85 in the third round , the worst score of their career . Because an uneven number of players made the cut , Woods teed off Sunday morning as a single and shot 74 .
`` I tried , and unfortunately on this golf course , hitting it as bad as I did , it just was n't good enough , '' Woods said .
As for playing as a single ? Woods smiled .
`` I did n't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing , '' they said .
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke , listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time they signed their name to an 85 on their scorecard . McIlroy recalled their highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007 , their seventh tournament as a pro .
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him , `` Aside from your 85 , you have won here five times . ''
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition . The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills , and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major .
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing : Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka .
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial , their ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world . Justin Thomas is making their debut at No . 1 in the world , an achievement that does n't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to them that they stayed up later than usual when they got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with their name at the top . They took a screen shot .
`` Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing , '' Thomas said .
Dustin Johnson , who does n't appear to be concerned with much in life , conceded they were eager to get back the No . 1 ranking they held for 15 months . This is their first tournament since they lost the No . 1 spot to Thomas .
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all , a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler .
Woods has made strides since their return from a fourth back surgery , including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March , and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole .
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since their last victory .
McIlroy understood what they meant , having gone 18 months between victories until they won the Arnold Palmer Invitational . McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai , and then they broke through at Bay Hill .
`` As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door , sooner or later you 're going to step through , '' McIlroy said . `` And then with that , experience will do great things for you going forward . ''
Woods has n't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill . They never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow , and while they had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship , they still are 11 shots out of the lead . The idea this week is to get in range .
`` The last few times that I 've had a chance , I 've felt very comfortable , '' they said . `` Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it . ''
The only thing that comes close to trumping this Singapore couple 's love for each other is their unbridled passion for Apple products . Self-professed Apple megafans Jermyn Wee and Chia Suat celebrated their marriage earlier this month by visiting the only Apple Store in Singapore . They used the retail outlet as a backdrop for their cute [ ]
( via Cult of Mac - Tech and culture through an Apple lens )
CLEVELAND — Cavaliers forward Kevin Love will return Monday after missing six weeks because of a broken left hand .
Cleveland was 11-9 without Love , who was injured on Jan. 30 . He 's averaging 17.9 points and 9.4 rebounds in 48 games .
Associate head coach Larry Drew said Love 's minutes will be restricted in Cleveland 's game against Milwaukee . Drew is running the team while coach Tyronn Lue takes a leave of absence to address health issues that have included chest pains and a loss of sleep .
The Cavaliers are third in the Eastern Conference despite dealing with several injuries . Larry Nance Jr. ( sore right hamstring ) , Rodney Hood ( strained lower back ) , Cedi Osman ( strained left hip flexor ) and Tristan Thompson ( sprained right ankle ) were ruled out of Monday 's game .
Kyle Korver has returned to the team after missing Saturday 's game because of a family emergency . He 's also been dealing with a sore right foot and was a game-time decision Monday .
Notre Dame High School will have a new principal starting in July .
The Bethlehem Township , Pa. , Catholic school announced via a news release that its board of directors has selected Andrew D'Angelo as its new principal .
Diocese of Allentown Bishop Alfred A. Schlert approved the recommendation .
`` Mr. D'Angelo is deeply committed to Catholic education and they are excited to join the Notre Dame High School community as its new principal , '' school board of director 's chair Joseph Kelly said . `` We wish them all the best . ''
D'Angelo comes to Notre Dame from Our Lady of Angel Regional School in Morton , Pa. , where he 's been principal for two years .
Prior to that , D'Angelo was director of governance and board development in the Archdiocese of Philadelphia 's office of Catholic education .
They also are assistant principal , director of campus ministry and a member of the theology department at Holy Cross High School in Flushing , N.Y .
D'Angelo replaces Mario Lucrezi , who has spent the last three years as Notre Dame principal . Lucrezi announced in January that they planned to step down at the end of the school year .
`` Mr. Lucrezi 's leadership has helped build a stronger Notre Dame High School , '' Kelly said . `` He epitomizes our school motto , 'Faithful , Loyal , True . ' They will forever be a member of the Notre Dame family . ''
D'Angelo has a bachelor of arts degree from the College of Mount Saint Vincent in Bronx , N.Y. , and a master 's degree from St. John 's University in Queens , N.Y ..
Notre Dame 's current enrollment is 512 students . The school was founded in 1957 and traces its roots back to the former Easton Catholic High School .
Sara K. Satullo may be reached at ssatullo @ lehighvalleylive.com . Follow them on Twitter @ sarasatullo and Facebook . Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook .
Giancarlo Stanton eased their 6-foot-6 frame into a pinstriped No . 27 jersey , ready to join 6-foot-7 Aaron Judge as the Towers of Power on the resurgent New York Yankees .
`` They 're winners , '' Stanton said after their trade from the Miami Marlins to New York was finalized Monday . `` They 're young , and they 're in a good position to win for a long time , and I lost for a long time . So I want to change that dynamic and be a winner . ''
New York sent second baseman Starlin Castro and a pair of minor leaguers to the Marlins for the NL MVP , also giving up right-hander Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers . The Yankees became just the fourth team in big league history with the reigning home run champions in each league , joining Hank Greenberg and Ralph Kiner of the 1947 Pirates , Joe DiMaggio and Johnny Mize of the 1949 Yankees , and Mike Schmidt and Dick Allen of the 1975 Phillies .
Stanton joined a team that reached Game 7 of the AL Championship Series against Houston led by Judge and fellow young sluggers Gary Sanchez and Greg Bird . The Yankees expect top infield prospect Gleyber Torres to join the big league team next season .
`` New York 's a marquee town , and I think it 's important to have some marquee players , '' Yankees owner Hal Steinbrenner said . `` But more important than that , I think it 's important to have veteran players that could be mentors for the young kids . ''
Stanton , a 28-year-old who like Judge plays right field , is owed $ 295 million over the final decade of their record $ 325 million , 13-year contract . The payroll-slashing Marlins , with new CEO and former Yankees star Derek Jeter presiding over the team 's fourth roster purge in two decades , will send $ 30 million to the Yankees if Stanton does n't exercise their right to opt out of the deal after the 2020 season : $ 5 million each on July 1 and Oct. 1 in 2026 , 2027 and 2028 . Under a change in baseball 's new labor contract , that money will be prorated for the luxury tax and Stanton will count as $ 22 million annually .
`` It 's a win-win for both sides , '' Marlins president of baseball operations Michael Hill said . `` Opportunity for them to start fresh , and an opportunity for us to gain needed flexibility . ''
Stanton led the majors with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs last season , and Judge was second in the majors with 52 homers . The daunting duo figures to create must-see BP , and new Yankees manager Aaron Boone is n't sure yet who will play right or left , figuring they also will see time at designated hitter .
`` A 10-year commitment to any player , any position , should be a concern for the owner , without a doubt , '' Steinbrenner maintained , `` but having say that , he 's 28 and in great shape , and I think there 's going to be many , many years . ''
Stanton 's contract includes a no-trade provision , and last week they turned down prospective deals to St. Louis and San Francisco . They told the Marlins they were willing to accept trades only to the Yankees , their hometown Los Angeles Dodgers , the Astros and Chicago Cubs .
`` I would have been putting it over the hump rather than jumping into a team already prepared to be there , '' they said .
They wore a light blue suit , white-and-blue herringbone-pattern dress shirt and black monk shoes , ready to talk business and baseball . Having grown up in Southern California , going to the Giants was a challenging concept .
`` I would n't base a decision off that , but also I would n't want to go to a team that they disliked the most — and was n't sure if they were going to beat that team , either , '' Stanton said .
New York has n't had a losing record since 1992 . The Marlins have n't had a winning season since Stanton made their big league debut in 2010 .
`` He spends their Octobers in Europe , '' said Stanton 's agent , Joel Wolfe . `` It was killing him . ''
Yankees general manager Brian Cashman spoke briefly with Hill about Stanton at last month 's GM meetings but did n't move forward , wanting to save DH at-bats in case New York added Shohei Ohtani . But the Japanese pitcher/outfielder eliminated all East Coast teams in early December and talks with the Hill resumed .
`` I felt maybe Wednesday of last week I thought it was not going to happen , '' Cashman said . `` And then they re-engaged me Thursday . ''
By Thursday night , a tentative agreement was in place . Stanton said they would approve , but Wolfe told them to sleep on it .
`` I told them I 'm sleeping in , so if there 's some deadline just go ahead and say yeah , '' Stanton said with a smile .
Boone began mulling lineups as soon as Cashman told them Thursday the trade was possible . Boone must decide whether to bat Judge , Stanton and Sanchez — all right-handed hitters — in a row , or mix in lefties Didi Gregorius or Greg Bird , or switch-hitting Aaron Hicks .
`` Do we feel like we want one of those lefties breaking those three guys up ? It 's something that is a possibility , '' Boone said .
Steinbrenner has vowed to reduce payroll from this year 's roughly $ 209 million to below next year 's $ 197 million threshold , which would reset the team 's base luxury tax rate from 50 percent to 20 percent in 2019 .
Under baseball 's previous labor contract , the money the Marlins pay the Yankees would be included `` in the contract year in which the cash consideration is paid . '' However , under the new deal Article XXIII ( C ) ( 2 ) ( b ) ( ii ) was changed to have it count `` on a pro-rata basis over the remaining guaranteed years . ''
New York has committed $ 123.7 million to seven signed players , has eight eligible for arbitration projected to earn about $ 30 million , figures to need $ 10 million for the rest of its 40-man roster and is assigned about $ 14 million for benefits , as all teams are . The Yankees are charged $ 5.5 million for cash to Houston in last offseason 's trade that sent catcher Brian McCann to the Astros . With the Stanton credit , that leaves them at about $ 180 million .
Cashman said the Yankees have room to re-sign free agent left-hander CC Sabathia .
`` We have payroll space because we have more work to do , '' they said . `` This situation fits because we still have room to accomplish all of our stated goals . ''
NOTES : Boone said Josh Bard will be bench coach , Phil Nevin will be third base coach and replace Rob Thomson as spring training organizer and Reggie Willits will be first base coach .
———
AP Baseball Writer Ben Walker contributed to this report .
———
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
TAMPA , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Police say singer Chris Brown “ sucker-punched ” a photographer at a club in Tampa early Monday morning .
According to police , Brown and their crew showed up to Club AJA in Channelside for a paid appearance , and punched Bennie Vines , Jr. , a photographer who works for the club . The police report says Brown punched Vines for allegedly taking photos .
Brown had left the scene by the time police arrived .
The victim suffered a minor laceration on their lip , and wishes to prosecute .
The club took to Facebook Monday afternoon to release a statement on the incident .
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
> > MORE TOP STORIES
Every second of every match from Russia will be on ITV or the BBC in June and July - here 's everything you need to know about today 's fixtures ...
The World Cup 2018 knockout rounds continue – and England are still in the tournament .
Advertisement
Every day we 'll be updating this page with all the live games– the teams playing in the fixtures , kick-off times , venues and TV channels .
What live football matches are on at the World Cup today , Wednesday 4th July ?
After England 's nerve-wracking World Cup penalty win over Colombia in the Last 16 , we could probably all do with a break .
There will be no live football on TV on Wednesday 4th or Thursday 5th July , as the tournament takes a brief break before the quarter-final stages .
The first two quarter-finals will be played on Friday 6th July , with the second two – including England 's match – taking place on Saturday 7th July . Click here for full World Cup quarter-final fixture details .
Full last 16 World Cup results
France v Argentina RESULT : France 4-3 Argentina
Uruguay v Portugal RESULT : Uruguay 2-1 Portugal
Spain v Russia RESULT : Spain 1-1 Russia ( Russia win 4-3 on penalties )
Croatia v Denmark RESULT : Croatia 1-1 Denmark ( Croatia win 3-2 on penalties )
Brazil v Mexico RESULT : Brazil 2-0 Mexico
Belgium v Japan RESULT : Belgium 3-2 Japan
Sweden v Switzerland RESULT : Sweden 1-0 Switzerland
Advertisement
England v Colombia RESULT : England 1-1 Colombia ( England win 4-3 on penalties )
State parks closing as they reach parking capacity
Photo : H John Voorhees III / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Buy photo File photo of Squantz Pond State Park , in New Fairfield . File photo of Squantz Pond State Park , in New Fairfield . Photo : H John Voorhees III / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo State parks closing as they reach parking capacity 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Squantz Pond State Park was n't open for very long on the Fourth of July before closing to new vehicles .
The parking lot , which holds 250 cars , reached capacity at 7:55 a.m. Wednesday .
The park opens at 8 a.m. , according the state Department of Energy and Environmental Protection 's website .
Miller 's Pond State Park in Durham and Pattaconk Lake Recreation Area in Cockaponset State Forest in Chester also closed to new vehicles by 8 a.m ..
“ This is not unusual to see this on a busy holiday week , ” DEEP spokesperson Chris Collibee tweeted Wednesday morning . “ If you are headed out please stay safe , drink plenty of water , and watch your children near the water . We want everyone to get home safely ! ”
By 11:30 a.m. 10 other parks joined the list of closures , including Indian Well State Park in Shelton . That park reached capacity at 11 a.m .
Kent Falls State Park closed to new cars about 90 minutes later .
CUYAHOGA FALLS , Ohio — A wild turkey that 's become semi-famous for chasing pedestrians and bicyclists in Ohio has been struck by a car and injured .
Cleveland.com reports the turkey was struck Thursday in the Akron suburb of Cuyahoga ( ky-uh-HOH'-guh ) Falls and was taken by a wildlife team to an exotic-animal veterinarian for treatment of a broken leg .
The male turkey is named Frank and became aggressive toward people after a female turkey with which they were often seen was struck and killed about a year ago .
A worker at a business in the area where Frank chased people and even vehicles says they might have been separated from a local flock .
The wildlife team hopes to release Frank into an area with a wild turkey flock after their recovery .
——
Information from : cleveland.com , http : //www.cleveland.com
There are 100 reasons why we look forward to the Grand National Roadster Show every January . One reason is that this is one of 10 events where STREET RODDER selects winners for our Painless Performance/STREET RODDER Top 100 program . You know how it works—every year we travel to 10 prominent rod shows and select 10 vehicles at each of them . Unless we miscount , we finish the season with our Top 100 roster . Car owners win an embroidered jacket and their vehicle is considered for the yearend Street Rod of the Year award .
By now , you 've seen the first batch of five Top 100 winners selected on Friday . On Saturday , we selected five more cars , completing our ten car list of winners from the 69th annual O'Reilly Auto Parts Grand National Roadster Show .
What do you think of our choices ?
1932 Ford Coupe
Bret Sukert
Montesano , WA
This '32 three-window got our attention as soon as we entered the Suede Palace . Bret 's ‘ 60s-style hot rod is built from an unmodified original steel body bought from well-known rodder Dick Page . Foss 's Hot Rods handled body and paint chores ; Mitch Kim did all that 'striping . The suspension includes a dropped axle and transverse leafs in front and quarter ellipticals in back . The Chevy small-block is topped with a Weiand manifold and '65-'66 GTO air cleaner . Interior elements include Mopar van seats , an N.O.S . Grant wheel , a restored Ha-Dees Stewart Warner blue face gauges ( it took 50 gauges to get eight that matched ) . The coupe left the Suede Palace with the Best of Show award .
1940 Ford Convertible
Tony Miller
San Pedro , CA
Tony says that '40 Fords do n't need any styling help , but they made an exception with this one by guillotining a standard coupe and adding a post-War-style top with quarter windows . At Don Dillard 's Highway 99 Hot Rods the hood and quarters were sectioned , front wheels moved forward , body channeled , doors stretched , trunk shortened , and many other mods were made , including a handmade '40 Merc grille , '39 trim , '41 Stude taillights , and ‘ 40 Merc rear bumper . A Plymouth speedo and '40 Ford instruments fill the dash facing Sid Chavers ' red leather interior . A 4V 289 Ford is tied to an AOD trans . The only unmodified parts are the front bumper , running boards , and headlight rings .
1957 Ford Del Rio Ranch Wagon
Robert Florine
Ventura , CA
Growing up around wagons stirred Robert 's interest . They wanted a Ford because there is already an abundance of Chevys—plus they wanted a car they could put a shotgun motor in . Working with Steve Strope and crew at Pure Vision yielded this result . The profile was altered with a slanted B-pillar and 4 3/4-inch door stretch ( with '57 T-Bird handles ) to improve proportions . An Art Morrison Enterprises chassis with C6 front suspension parts and Mike Meyer Racing rear torque arms , and JRI coilovers beef up the undercarriage . The engine is a Kaase Boss 9 with Borla 8-stack induction . The custom interior is matched in great taste by the Bridgewater Bronze and Avorio two-tone paint .
1929 Ford Roadster
James Bobowski
Orange , California
A historical influence was strong among the America 's Most Beautiful Roadster contenders , with James ' '29 Model An as the most historical . The famous Eddie Dye roadster has been lost , found , parted out , and rotated through many owners and styles since the Ayala Brothers built it for Eddie almost 70 years ago . Jimmy White and their Circle City Hot Rods team restored the roadster , using many original parts , like the Whitey Clayton nose and hood , and reproducing others , like the belly pan and Crestliner wheel . The Evans Engineering Flathead , Cherry Orchid paint , Ford and Merc hubcaps , and Chris Plant 's recreated white pleated upholstery help bring 1952 into 2018 .
1941 Buick
Clifford Mattis
Vacaville , CA
Clifford and builder Marcos Garcia from Lucky 7 Customs have teamed up on many vehicles , but never a true custom—until now . A chopped top , handmade flush skirts , and taillights are just a few of the custom mods covering the Buick . The chassis combines a Mustang II frontend and a four-link rear , with airbags to drop the car . Power comes from a carbed Chevy 350 and 700R4 trans . One-off EVOD wheels ( with simulated Caddy caps ) roll with Coker Firestones . The vintage style interior features a Dennis Crook wheel , New Vintage USA gauges , and patterned cloth inserts in the leather upholstery . It took 20 spray-outs to get the perfect dark olive paint color , but the final result is stunning .
These Extraordinary True Stories Will Remind You About the Power of Trust
Taking a leap of faith and trusting someone else is one of the scariest things you can do , but these people 's stories prove that it 's worth it .
Oil drillers : You might believe that once you 've seen one , you 've seen 'em all .
Continue Reading Below
While that may be true in terms of their business models — find it , extract it cheap , and sell it for more — and their recent performance ( not good ) , there are still some unlikely finds in the oil patch these days . In particular , Apache ( NYSE : APA ) has some unique features among oil exploration and production companies that could make it a good buy .
Here are three things you might not know about Apache , and why they may help the company outperform its industry peers .
Apache 's recent “ Alpine High ” oil find is in a sleepy part of West Texas that has n't seen much drilling… until now . Image source : Getty Images .
It 's ditched LNG
With oil prices in a prolonged slump , many energy production companies are turning to liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) as an investment in their futures.Royal Dutch Shell ( NYSE : RDS-A ) ( NYSE : RDS-B ) , for example , recently acquired rivalBG , which increased its stake in liquefied natural gas . In fact , Shell CEO Ben van Beurden recently said on a conference call : “ We certainly believe in the potential of LNG supply and LNG demand to grow . We still think that gas demand will grow twice as fast as oil demand , and LNG will grow twice as fast as gas on average . ”
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
BP ( NYSE : BP ) is even more bullish on natural gas , predicting thatLNG will grow fully seven times faster than pipeline gas . By 2035 , BP projects that LNG will account for about half of all globally traded gas , up from its current 32 % .
But that growth wo n't affect Apache , which sold off its LNG assets in 2014 as a response to the global oil downturn . Under pressure from activist investor Jana Partners , the company made the strategic decision to ditch its Australian LNG assets and “ circle the wagons ” to focus on easier and more-profitable North American shale production .
While LNG may be a fast-growing commodity , the costs of extraction were fast growing , as well , and Apache is now out of the business altogether . That 's good for the company in the short term , but the long-term impact of this decision remains to be seen .
Its dividend is up
There 's not much going on in the dividend space of oil production and exploration companies like Apache these days . But Apache is a rare company among them in that its dividend has actually increased since 2014 .
That 's simply not true of many — if not most — dividend-paying oil and gas drillers.Apache 's rivalsConocoPhillips , Marathon Oil , Devon Energy , andAnadarko have all slashed their dividends in recent years to cope with the downturn in oil prices . Other drillers , likePioneer Natural Resources , do n't pay enough of a dividend to slash , but have n't increased it , either , while some , like Parsley Energy , do n't pay a dividend , at all .
Apache , on the other hand , raised its quarterly dividend to $ 0.25/share in 2014 . It has n't gone up since , but with its major “ Alpine High ” find and some stabilization in oil prices , it seems unlikely to be cut . That currently amounts to a 1.9 % yield , just a hair below ConocoPhillips ' best-in-class 2.1 % .
Of course , that 's nothing compared to what some of the integrated majors are paying . BP and Shell are both yielding about 6.8 % at the moment , so investors looking for big yields from the oil patch should look elsewhere . But Apache 's relatively high yield and excellent dividend stability are signs of a shareholder-friendly company .
It 's been a rough year
It 's hard to overstate the importance of Apache 's Alpine High finds in West Texas . Not only is it huge — the company estimates it holds more than 3 billion barrels of oil and 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas — but it was also dirt cheap . Apache paid an average of just $ 1,300 per acre for the land . Compare that to nearby purchases made in March by Marathon Oil for nearly $ 20,000 per acre , or in August 2016 byParsley Energy for more than $ 43,000 per acre .
Now , if you account for the fact that Apache is going to have to spend significant time and resources upgrading — and in many cases , building — infrastructure to support its find , the cost per acre of the project rises a bit . But it 's still an impressive coup for the company .
That 's why it 's odd that Apache 's share price has fallen so far in 2017 . Take a look at this chart , which shows the company 's share price starting on September 6 , 2016 , the daybefore it announced its Alpine High find :
APA data by YCharts .
For much of March , the stock was trading for less than it was before it announced its Alpine High find ! Even today , it 's trading at a significant discount to its post-announcement price .
In this case , the market is probably looking at the company 's short-term prospects and not liking what it sees . Apache reported quarterly and annual net losses for 2016 in late February . Oil prices slumped in March . And it will be quite some time before the company can build out the regional infrastructure to capitalize on its Alpine High find , which will eat up 65 % of its projected 2017 capital spend .
Investor takeaway
The market is probably being shortsighted here . Very little has changed for Apache since it announced the Alpine High find . True , the company 's fortunes are probably not going to improve until Alpine High comes online , and the company predicts production will decline through mid-2017 before beginning to grow again in earnest .
Still , with the company 's LNG assets sold , Apache has the resources to devote to Alpine High , and its strong dividend relative to its peers will give investors an incentive to wait . After all , mid-2017 is just a few short months away . If you 've been looking to invest in an oil exploration and production company at a bargain price , this could be your perfect opportunity .
10 stocks we like better than Apache
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip , it can pay to listen . After all , the newsletter they have run for over a decade , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market . *
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apache was n't one of them ! That 's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys .
Click here to learn about these picks !
* Stock Advisor returns as of April 3 , 2017
John Bromels owns shares of BP . The Motley Fool owns shares of Devon Energy . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk speaks on April 30 , 2015 in in Hawthorne , California . Ringo H.W . Chiu / AP
How can humans stay relevant in an age of artificial intelligence ? Elon Musk thinks cyborgs are the answer .
The Tesla and SpaceX CEO discussed the need for a `` merger of biological intelligence and digital intelligence '' during a talk on Monday at the World Government Summit in Dubai , CNBC reported .
One of the main advantages computers have over humans is the speed at which they can send out information , Musk said . While humans are limited by the the speed of their typing , a computer can send out information at `` a trillion bits per second , '' Musk said . As artificial intelligence ( AI ) becomes more advanced , humans will also need to evolve to remain relevant , they added .
Related : Super-Intelligent Machines : 7 Robotic Futures
`` Some high-bandwidth interface to the brain will be something that helps achieve a symbiosis between human and machine intelligence , and maybe solves the control problem and the usefulness problem , '' Musk said of the need for humans to merge their minds with computers , according to CNBC .
Musk has previously discussed a system that could link human brains to a computer interface . This so-called `` neural lace '' concept , which would add a digital layer of intelligence to the human brain , was first mentioned at Recode 's Code Conference last year . Since introducing the idea , Musk has hinted at the interface 's progress and has further discussed their views on an artificially intelligent future .
Musk has also expressed their fear of `` deep AI , '' explaining that an artificial general intelligence would be `` smarter than the smartest human on Earth . '' Though this technology is not an immediate threat , Musk said the combination of human brains with machine intelligence will ensure humanity 's continued relevance .
Related : How Computers are Learning to Predict the Future
However , one aspect of AI that is an immediate threat is the displacement of jobs , Musk said . During the World Government Summit talk , Musk specifically noted that with autonomous cars , an industry in which Tesla is a leader , AI will displace people in driving-focused positions such as truck drivers , delivery drivers and taxi drivers .
`` The most near-term impact from a technology standpoint is autonomous cars , '' Musk said at the Summit , according to CNBC . `` But there are many people whose jobs are to drive . In fact , I think it might be the single largest employer of people ... driving in various forms . ''
Musk estimated that 12 to 15 percent of the global workforce will be out of a job once autonomous vehicles AI take over driving duties , CNBC reported .
Original article on Live Science .
Editor 's Recommendations
PARIS — A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open . Hmm . Seen that before , have n't we ?
Except there was one key difference this time : For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No . 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday , unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989 , the unorthodox strategy did n't come in a victory .
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 ( 2 ) , 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-4 , 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours , 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros . The most memorable aspect was Donaldson 's two unusual service motions ; they won the point the first time , but not the other .
`` I would never try it if I was feeling 100 per cent and stuff , '' said Donaldson , who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in their legs . `` But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like , 'You know , maybe it 's just something that I 'll try . ' They obviously are n't expecting it , you know what I mean ? It 's kind of a cheeky way to get a point . ''
Donaldson said they have never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago . They did , however , know of the episode : Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title ; they remain the youngest man to win a major singles championship .
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic .
Quite the opposite , actually , shrugging their shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it .
`` It was beautiful , right ? '' Dimitrov said . `` He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard . ''
Before their first underhand attempt , Donaldson was actually two points from the victory , leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov 's serve . But Dimitrov took the next four points .
In the next game , at 6-all , 40-30 , Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion . They hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold .
The excruciating days of dial-up may be long gone , but employees are still less than happy with the speed of their internet connection .
A new survey by MonsterCloud found that of the 2,000 office employees it consulted , over 60 percent cite slow wi-fi or internet connection speeds as their top IT pet peeve .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Internet too slow ? Jeff Rossen shows how to speed it up 2:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Next on the list of the most irksome technical issues in the workplace were slow computer processing , cited by more than 54 percent of respondents , followed by printer jams ( 49.4 percent of employees ) , out of date computer processing systems ( 31.3 percent ) , and slow internal software ( 28.6 percent ) . Employees also complained of dysfunctional computer hardware including mouses and keyboards , along with copier and fax jams , and limited data storage .
Even Tech Companies Have Slow Wi-Fi
Perhaps the most surprising takeaway of the survey is that every type of company consulted groused about slow wi-fi — even those employed by fancy young tech startups .
`` Everyone 's top complaint in every type of office was slow wi-fi , '' said Jamie Linn , project manager for MonsterCloud .
In an overwhelmingly digital age , where so much of our workflow depends on connectivity , the question must be asked : Why the heck are we still dealing with slow wi-fi ?
An abundance of factors come into play — where you 're located , how many computers are connected , the type of files you 're sending and downloading , to name a few — but much of the time it comes down to the sheer amount of stuff we 're all doing and consuming on the internet at any given time .
Bandwidth Overload
`` Employees are also using a lot of data at work : Many of us connect multiple devices directly to the corporate network , '' said IT executive Matt Belanger .
In most cases , corporate networks are n't set up or budgeted for such excessive data usage , unlike our home tablets and smartphones .
`` If all your devices are synchronizing all your apps , then you 've added a lot of traffic even though you 're not actively watching all your screens , '' said Belanger . `` Think of that email that goes to your laptop , phone , and tablet . Now add in Facebook and other social media , app updates , etc . Most employers can actually see a significant traffic spike when Apple releases a new version of iOS . ''
To some extent we 've become spoiled by the capabilities we have with our home bandwidth , which Belanger adds has grown in recent years .
`` We 've become used to a small household sharing a comparatively large pipe , '' Belanger remarked . `` The relation is inverted at work , where many users share a comparatively small pipe . We 're also not running the industrial-strength data inspection and scanning on our home internet connections , so there are fewer hops between the user and their content . ''
Related : Your Inflight Wi-Fi Is About to Get Faster , Better , Cheaper
So , why ca n't our companies simply bump up their corporate network 's bandwidth capabilities ? Well , that costs time and money .
`` With limited IT budgets to spread across all the services they deliver , businesses find themselves prioritizing tradeoffs , and internet speeds are often 'satisfactory , ' '' said Belanger . `` Adding incremental capacity to accommodate short-term peaks can be costly . ''
Clinging to Printers in Digital Times
Another top pet peeve the study found revolved around printer jams , which is hardly a new problem . After all , printers have always been among the most frustrating devices whether in-office or at home . They jam up , lose wi-fi signals , and regularly need their ink cartridges replaced . And how many times a year might a repair person need to come in to the workplace and fix the printer ?
With digital scanning/signing technologies emerging , it feels like high time to give abandon printers in the workplace , but alas like this faulty hardware still serves important purposes .
`` Scanners work great , but still the requirement for paper [ and printers ] remains , '' said Trevor Textor , rural IT and connectivity consultant .
However old-fashioned fax machines may seem ( another popular nuisance ) , many businesses such as banks , governmental , and legal institutions still use them regularly , because , Textor says , they 're more secure than sending something via email .
Related : How to Protect Yourself Against 'Free Wi-Fi ' Scams
As for the much-maligned printer — converting to fully digital systems requires time , money , and employee training . It 's not a cheap or simple fix , but over time , we 'll likely see more companies ditching printers and switching fully to digital — a move that could actually create more tech jobs .
`` Increasingly , everything is becoming technology based ; whether you 're a startup or an established company , '' MonsterCloud 's Linn told NBC News . `` I think we 'll see less [ of the ] analog technologies , which will produce [ a demand ] for more experts to fix that technology . ''
Yes , even in a beautiful future world without printers , we 're still going to run into issues in the office that interrupt our work and require tech assistance .
We 've been anticipating Magic Leap 's as-yet unreleased mixed reality gear for quite some time now . We know that the AR headset will be dubbed the Magic Leap One , will cost around $ 1,000 and will have applications for music as well as gaming . Still , the number of things we do n't know about the gear is pretty significant . Now , however , the company appears to be lifting the veil a little bit with a new Creator Portal , which seems to contain more information for developers interested in the device as a platform , with a simulator , developer community , learning resources and an SDK to get started making apps for the unreleased device .
By Dakarai Mashava
Controversial South African socialite Zodwa Wabantu , who sensationally called off a tour of Zimbabwe last month , may finally come to the country as part of DJ Tira 's entourage .
DJ Tira , who manages Zodwa Wabantu 's affairs , is scheduled to perform at Club Connect in Bulawayo on October 13 .
Club Connect 's spokesperson , DJ T Bass , confirmed DJ Tira 's forthcoming tour but was not forthcoming when asked if the Durban-based socialite would be part of the travelling party .
The flyer being sent out by Club Connect does not mention Zodwa but only mentions ‘ ‘ a surprise female artist '' , which points to none other than the socialite who divided opinion in the country when it was announced they would take part at the recently-held Harare International Carnival .
Interestingly D J Tira is the boss of Afrotainment to which Zodwa is signed and is credited with discovering the socialite . They have recorded a song for them
Zodwa and DJ Cndo also collaborated on a song titled Bheja which is part of DJ Tira 's latest album- AfroSummer17 .
Last month , DJ Tira revealed , rather ironically , that Zodwa would feature on a gospel track titled Imithandazo ( Prayers ) .
Contacted for comment yesterday , Club Connect 's spokesperson could only confirm that DJ Tira will be performing at the club , but could not be drawn into disclosing the identity of the surprise female artist .
“ He is coming with a surprise South African female artist who is part of their group called Afrotainment . Actually , we can not let the cat out of the bag because we are giving away free entry tickets to those fans who will guess correctly who this female artist is , ” said DJ T Bass .
If DJ Tira brings Zodwa to Zimbabwe , it will not be the first time the two have gone on a foreign tour together .
In April this year , DJ Tira and Zodwa toured together the United Kingdom , Canada and the United States of America .
Zodwa 's return could reignite debate around their signature look — a short dress with no panties — which the Board of Censors headed by ex-Education minister Aeneas Chigwedere insists violates the country 's laws , especially the Censorship and Entertainment Control Act ( Chapter 10 : 04 ) section 16 .
In the run-up to the 2017 edition of the Harare International Carnival , which ran from September 2 to 10 , Tourism and Hospitality Industry minister Walter Mzembi also waded into the matter saying Zodwa would not be allowed to take part in the carnival .
“ Her association , directly or indirectly with the Harare International Carnival , a government-conceived and approved branding and entertainment event , means the government is essentially the stage .
“ And by the way , stages are very powerful communication platforms and therefore we could not be seen promoting how they brand them dancing through nudity or creating peeping Toms out of their audiences . Government ca n't be that big peeping Tom or facilitator of such , ” Mzembi said .
This was after actor Annie Nhira had lodged a complaint with Mzembi 's ministry protesting Zodwa 's coming to the Carnival . Then acting Tourism minister Patrick Zhuwao was quick to respond to Nhira 's letter , assuring them that Zodwa would not be allowed at the Carnival .
As if that was not enough , at a presidential youth interface rally held in Bindura , President Robert Mugabe also commented on Zodwa .
“ I 'm sorry we disappointed many men . . . You just come without covering your decency . What do you want ? Men to see you ? We do n't want such , ” Mugabe said . Daily News
Search
Theresa May tells Bercow :
“ Mr Speaker-elect , can I congratulate you on your re-election . At least someone got a landslide . ”
This was the same Starbucks where last month two black men were arrested while waiting for a business associate after a white manager called police — an incident viewed by many as an overreaction to a nonthreatening situation . After the arrests , protesters marched in Philadelphia , city officials apologized and the Seattle-based coffee giant decided to hold Tuesday 's anti-bias training for about 175,000 employees .
Dixon , who is black , said the initial incident came as a surprise to them as they are a regular in the Rittenhouse Square location , where they had always found the staff friendly . They said Starbucks ' response , including overhauling its bathroom policy to allow customers to use the facilities without ordering anything , felt genuine .
`` Starbucks got it right — they owned it right away , '' Dixon , 35 , said . `` But how long will it last ? ''
That question was asked Wednesday by other customers at other Starbucks across Philadelphia . Many agreed that the company 's decision to shut stores to talk about racism was admirable , while also wondering if the move would actually change anything .
`` An afternoon of training wo n't erase what 's in a person 's heart , '' said Nicole Williams-Burton , 48 , who is black , and was grabbing a caramel frappuccino from a Starbucks in Center City . `` Some of these employees are going to work — they 're just going through the motions . They have to be willing to want to change , and that does n't come easy if deep inside they feel a certain way about certain groups of people . ''
Starbucks ' training was devised with the help of the Perception Institute , an anti-bias research and advisory group , and with input from civil rights groups , including the NAACP and the Equal Justice Initiative . The Rev . Al Sharpton , the civil rights activist who is also an MSNBC host , visited Starbucks ' headquarters last week and met with executives .
`` I said that this is not about sitting down with civil right leaders and writing a check — this is about you 've got to deal with the culture in your store , '' Sharpton said Tuesday afternoon at a town hall on racism hosted by MSNBC in Philadelphia .
Manager Alex Lair places a closed notice on the corner door at a Starbucks in Philadelphia on May 29 , 2018 . David Swanson / The Philadelphia Inquirer via AP
Starbucks ' four-hour session included showing employees a video featuring the hip-hop artist and activist Common , who spoke about the importance of accepting people 's differences . Another video by documentary filmmaker Stanley Nelson Jr. included people of various races and ethnic backgrounds describing how they feel like they 're being watched when they enter a store or are fearful they 're being judged based on their race .
Starbucks employees also did group exercises and took tests to help them understand the concept of implicit bias , which involves the automatic assumptions people make about others based on race , gender or other identifiers .
Some Starbucks employees in Philadelphia declined to talk about Tuesday 's training when approached by NBC News , but Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson said Wednesday on Fox Business Network that it remains `` one step in a journey ... it 's not just a one-time thing . '' The company plans to hold ongoing training sessions , though without closing stores .
Elaine Cheung , a Philadelphia immigration attorney who goes to Starbucks daily , said the company will be better for it .
They said the arrest in the Rittenhouse Square Starbucks , where they stopped for a coffee Wednesday , was wrong , although they personally feel comfortable there .
`` If those two men were 100-pound females and Asian-American , then I guarantee that would n't have happened , '' Cheung added .
They hope Starbucks will inspire other companies to start conversations with their employees about race , though they noted that customers also need to speak up about injustice .
`` The same way you had the # MeToo movement and the fall of Bill Cosby , there has to be something that makes people realize racism is not approved behavior and you 're going to get called out on it , '' they said . `` Starbucks started something for a day , and I commend them , but this is not just about Starbucks . ''
By WILL WEISSERTAssociated Press
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) - Texas A & M University late Monday called off a planned white supremacist rally on its campus next month , citing concerns of a `` major security risk '' following the demonstrations that turned deadly over the weekend in Virginia .
The decision came amid bipartisan pressure from Texas ' Republican-controlled Legislature , where lawmakers said protecting free speech was important , but rejecting hate even more so .
A former A & M student named Preston Wiginton had been organizing a `` white lives matter '' rally in College Station , Texas , saying they were inspired by Saturday 's `` Unite the Right '' rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , when a vehicle plowed into a group of counterprotesters , killing at least one and injuring 19 .
But the university said it was cancelling the event because of `` concerns about the safety of its students , faculty , staff , and the public . ''
`` Linking the tragedy of Charlottesville with the Texas A & M event creates a major security risk on our campus , '' Texas A & M said in a statement . `` Additionally , the daylong event would provide disruption to our class schedules and to student , faculty and staff movement . ''
Wiginton said he 'd invited prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer to address the rally . Spencer spoke at an A & M event in December , when they were met by hundreds of protesters , many of whom gathered at Kyle Field football stadium to hear music and speeches highlighting diversity and unity to counter Spencer 's appearance .
Texas A & M noted that it had changed its policy after those protests so that no outside individual or group could reserve campus facilities without the sponsorship of a university-sanctioned organization . It said that `` none of the 1200-plus campus organizations invited Preston Wiginton nor did they agree to sponsor their events in December 2016 or on September 11 of this year . ''
Instead , Wiginton , opted to plan next month 's event for outside at Rudder Plaza , in the middle of campus .
`` Texas A & M 's support of the First Amendment and the freedom of speech can not be questioned , '' the statement said . `` However , in this case , circumstances and information relating to the event have changed and the risks of threat to life and safety compel us to cancel the event . ''
Word of the cancellation followed Dallas Democratic Rep. Helen Giddings giving a House floor speech Monday while nearly all of the chamber 's 150 members stood beside them They urged university administrators to `` unequivocally denounce and fight against this violent group '' adding `` all of us in the state of Texas want to say , with one voice , Texas will not stand for hate . ''
Rep. Paul Workman , an Austin Republican , said a petition being circulated for A & M graduates in the House was attempting to `` keep this from happening on our campus . '' The chamber also held a moment of silence for victims killed and injured in Charlottesville .
Similar sentiments came from the Texas Senate , which held its own moment of silence .
`` The First Amendment also allows us to respond in kind , to stand up and say what we believe as a society , as Americans and as Texans , '' Republican Sen. Charles Schwertner , whose district includes College Station , said of protests that had been planned in response to Wiginton 's now-canceled rally . `` We should not stand for bigotry , for violence , for racism . ''
Sen. Royce West , a Dallas Democrat who is black , had planned to go to the Texas A & M campus on Sept. 11 , saying , `` We will stand strong against those hate groups , neo-Nazis , the Ku Klux Klan . ''
`` My 17-year-old grandson asked me yesterday , 'Should my generation be more like Martin Luther King or Malcom X ? I had to pause and listen to the hurt in their voice and doubt in their ability to pursue the American dream , '' West said . `` I did n't answer the question ... That 's where we are in America today . ''
__
Associated Press writers Jim Vertuno and Paul J. Weber in Austin and David Warren in Dallas contributed to this report .
___
Sign up for the AP 's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas : http : //apne.ws/2u1RMfv .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Here we go again .
One week after half a dozen teams flew to Los Angles in hopes of wooing free agent star John Tavares , an even bigger feeding frenzy is underway for Ottawa 's Erik Karlsson .
This one is a bit trickier . While Karlsson does not become a free agent until next summer , they were given permission to talk to other teams after rejecting a contract extension from the Senators earlier this week . Karlsson is looking for a deal similar to the eight year , US $ 88-million extension that Los Angeles ' Drew Doughty signed on July 1 .
But before they get paid , the Senators will have to get theirs in the form of a first-round pick in 2019 ( to replace the one they traded to Colorado in exchange for Matt Duchene ) , a top prospect and a roster player .
According to the Ottawa Sun , several teams have reached out to the Senators . Some , like Vegas and San Jose , appear to be likely options . Others , such as Tampa Bay and Toronto , are total longshots .
Here 's what they could be offering the Senators and how they can make Karlsson 's potential salary fit .
VEGAS GOLDEN KNIGHTS
Why do they want him ? The Golden Knights added centre Paul Stastny in free agency , but the team 's big weak spot is on the backend . That is , unless you believe Nate Schmidt is a legitimate No . 1 defenceman who is capable of logging 25 minutes a night .
What can they offer ? Vegas did n't have a first-round selection in this year 's draft , but they did have three high picks in 2017 . Ottawa will want one of them , whether it 's centre Cody Glass ( sixth ) , winger Nick Suzuki ( 13th ) or defenceman Erik Brannstrom ( 15th ) . Toss in Shea Theodore or winger Alex Tuch — both are 22 — and next year 's first-round pick and you could have a deal .
Could they make it fit ? With more than $ 18 million in cap space , Vegas would have no issue paying Karlsson . If Ottawa wants to shed extra salary , the Golden Knights could also swallow the remaining four years and $ 29 million on Bobby Ryan 's contract . Of course , doing so would diminish the Senators ' return .
SAN JOSE SHARKS
Why do they want him ? The Sharks missed out on Tavares , but Karlsson is the rare defenceman who could put up just as many points as the Leafs centre — more if they see time on the power play with Burns , who has scored 68 goals in the past three years .
What can they offer ? San Jose will not want to give up 24-year-old Tomas Hertl , who just signed a four-year deal worth $ 22.5 million , while Evander Kane , Logan Couture and Joe Pavelski all have no-trade clauses . So look for the Sharks to dangle 21-year-old Timo Meier , who scored 21 goals last season , as well as prospects such as 2018 first-round pick Ryan Merkley , an offensive defenceman with a Karlsson-esque skill-set .
Could they make it fit ? Pavelski and Joe Thornton are on expiring contracts that carry a combined $ 11 million in salary , so re-signing Karlsson should n't be an issue as long as they do n't plan on bringing either player back .
DALLAS STARS
Why do they want him ? Marc Methot would like nothing more than to reunite with their old defence partner , but Dallas ' desire to add Karlsson probably has more to do with helping out a defence where 25-year-old John Klingberg was at times on an island by themselves this past season .
What can they offer ? Miro Heiskanen , who was selected third overall in 2017 , would have to be the centrepiece of any deal . They might be the only piece . Then again , Ottawa 's insistence on acquiring them could end up being a deal-breaker . That 's how highly regarded the Finnish defenceman is as a prospect .
Could they make it fit ? With 18 players signed and only $ 10 million remaining in cap space , the Stars do n't have much wiggle room to add Karlsson . Though Jason Spezza 's contract comes off the books next year , any money saved will go to Tyler Seguin , who is in the final year of their contract and is due a significant raise from the $ 5.75 million they are currently earning .
TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING
Why do they want him ? For the same reason the Golden State Warriors keep adding all-stars : the Lightning ca n't seem to have enough award winners . Partnering Karlsson with Victor Hedman would be the first time that two Norris Trophy winners were paired together since Chris Pronger and Scott Niedermayer .
What can they offer ? Any deal would have to include 20-year-old defenceman Mikhail Sergachev , who had 40 points in their rookie season . But with Nikita Kucherov and Brayden Point needing new contracts next summer , you have to wonder if one of them gets dangled instead .
Could they make it fit ? There is no state income tax in Florida , so the Lightning do n't necessarily have to offer Karlsson the same $ 11-milllion cap hit that Doughty received . But even with a cap hit of $ 9 million , someone of substance will have to go to make room .
TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS
Why do they want him ? The Leafs have arguably the deepest trio of centres in the NHL in Tavares , Auston Matthews and Nazem Kadri , but they are not nearly as deep on the backend . Putting Karlsson on one defence pairing and Morgan Rielly on the other would instantly fix that problem .
What can they offer ? There is little to no way that the Senators would trade Karlsson within the division , much less the province . That being said , their minds could change if the Leafs are willing to offer William Nylander and a prospect on defence , such as 2017 first-round pick Timothy Liljegren .
Could they make it fit ? This one will take a lot of creativity . Even after adding Tavares , the Leafs have a ton of cap space . Well , this season they do . The space will shrink in a hurry once Matthews and Mitch Marner get new contracts next summer . But that 's also around the same time that Jake Gardiner ( $ 4 million ) and Ron Hainsey ( $ 3 million ) become UFAs .
• Email : mtraikos @ postmedia.com | Twitter : @ michael_traikos
You may be looking for a way to reduce your soda intake . If so , LaCroix , a very popular brand of flavoured sparkling water launches in Toronto at Whole Foods on Saturday ! But what is LaCroix ?
🇨🇦 # Canada , you 're officially invited to share our special debut with us & experience LaCroix on June 17th from 11:00AM to 3:00PM at @ wholefoods in Yorkville ! ✨Head over to the link in our bio to RSVP for special access on our big day . 😉 A post shared by LaCroix Sparkling Water ( @ lacroixwater ) on Jun 14 , 2017 at 9:15am PDT
LaCroix is a naturally flavoured , sparkling water drink that originated in La Crosse , Wisconsin . Launched in 1981 , it was positioned as an alternative to Perrier . The drink , which has become very popular in the past few years in the U.S. , contains natural flavours but no sweeteners .
Its rise in popularity comes at a time where American consumers are looking for a fizzy alternative to soda . The drink may be popular , but the pronunciation of LaCroix may be controversial in Canada ( in the U.S. , the brand is pronounced La-CROY ) .
If you plan on heading to the Canadian launch in Yorkville on the weekend , your flavour research has been condensed down to 12 minutes thanks to Good Mythical Morning .
CC Image courtesy of Tony Webster via Flickr
U.S. stocks rebounded on Monday , notching their largest gains since March 1 , as financial shares led markets higher while investors monitored corporate earnings and the latest developments between the U.S. and its geopolitical adversaries . The S & P 500 index climbed 20.06 points , or 0.9 % , to 2,349.01 , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 183.67 points , or 0.9 % , to 20,636.92 . The Nasdaq Composite Index gained 51.64 points , or 0.9 % , to 5,856.79 . Shares of United Continental Holdings Inc. [ S : UAL ] and Netflix Inc. rose as both firms prepared to report quarterly earnings after the bell . United shares tumbled last week as the company took heat after video surfaced of a customer being violently dragged off a plane . The company is now facing a lawsuit filed by the passenger . Shares of MoneyGram International Inc. climbed after Alibaba Group Holding Ltd controlled Ant Financial Services lifted its bid for the U.S. money-transfer unit . Bank of America Inc. shares will be in focus as the company prepares to report quarterly earnings on Tuesday before the bell . In other markets , gold futures settled higher on Monday for a fourth straight session . One ounce of gold for June delivery rose $ 3.40 , or 0.3 % , to $ 1,291.90 .
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch , Inc .
RICHMOND , Va. — Ed Gillespie has narrowly won their party 's nomination in Virginia 's race for governor , eking out a victory against an ardent supporter of President Donald Trump .
Gillespie is a former Republican National Committee Chairman who had a huge fundraising advantage and enjoyed the solid backing of most state elected Republicans , but largely kept Trump at arm 's length during the campaign .
On Tuesday , they barely defeated Corey Stewart , a former Trump state campaign chairperson who made preserving Virginia 's Confederate history a top campaign issue .
Republican candidate for governor , Ed Gillespie ( R ) talks with Republican Lt. Gov . candidate Glenn Davis ( L ) at a polling place on June 13 , 2017 in Richmond , Virginia . Steve Helber / AP
The close results shocked many political watchers and shows Trump 's enduring appeal among Republican voters in Virginia .
Meanwhile , current Lt . Governor Ralph Northam has won the Democratic nomination in Virginia 's closely watched race for governor , defeating an insurgent challenger backed by U.S. Sens . Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren . They beat former member of congress Tom Perriello , with most polls reporting Tuesday .
Virginia Democratic candidate for governor , Lt. Gov . Ralph Northam , with their wife Pam , left , son Weston , and daughter Aubrey celebrate their victory in the Democratic primary during an election party on June 13 , 2017 in Crystal City , Virginia . Cliff Owen / AP
Virginia is one of only two states electing new governors this year , and the contest could serve as a preview to 2018 's midterm elections .
Mickey Starling : Greene Publishing , Inc .
Many kids spend their summer vacation goofing off , sleeping or staring into electronic screens until their eyes bleed , while others look for ways to meet a need . Eight area students from Aucilla Christian Academy and five adults went on their annual Fellowship of Christian Athletes mission trip from Sunday , June 17 through Saturday , June 23 . This year , the group headed to Houston , Tx . to assist in the repair of homes that were damaged from flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey in August of 2017 .
Upon arrival , the youth were put into teams that worked on about 30 homes that suffered extreme damage from the historic flooding . “ This was a really neat experience , ” said Monticello resident Abigail Morgan , who attended the trip . “ From the outside , the houses looked great , but on the inside , they were horrible. ” Some families were living upstairs in their homes while the bottom floors were being renovated . Others were less fortunate , losing their homes and all valuables to flood damage . “ We built really great bonds with the families we worked with , ” said Morgan , who noted other signs of devastation in Houston . “ We saw bridges that still had wood and debris on them from being underwater . It was incredible that the water got that high . ”
While serving in Houston , the group stayed at the Chinese Baptist Church , a large , multi-cultural church that had plenty of space for lodging . These young missionaries certainly needed the rest after spending much of their days doing repairs , putting up drywall , sanding and painting walls and whatever else was needed . “ It was an amazing trip , ” said Greenville local Chloe Reams . “ Usually , we have a few fun days , but we knew going in that this trip would be different . We were focused on service , and it was very fulfilling . ”
Students participating in this worthwhile venture were : Reams , Morgan , Brian Campbell , Summer Dee , Camryn Grant , Hunter Hughes , Katie James and Taylor Walker . Adults serving on the trip were : J.D . James , Mitchell Morgan , Amanda Sapp , Tonya Roberts and driver Arlene Young .
SOUTHAMPTON , England — Olivier Giroud made the difference off the bench again for Arsenal , scoring an 88th-minute equalizer in a 1-1 draw at Southampton in the Premier League on Sunday .
It was Giroud 's 17th goal as a substitute in the Premier League , matching the record they now jointly holds with former Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer .
“ I consider Olivier Giroud as a regular player , ” Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said of the striker , who has lost their starting place to summer signing Alexandre Lacazette . “ We have to be grateful that they are part of a great team and one who can come on and make a difference with the right attitude and ability . ”
The France international , on as a 72nd-minute replacement , glanced home Alexis Sanchez 's left-wing cross as Arsenal 's late pressure told at St. Mary 's Stadium .
Giroud has scored 10 goals in the 80th minute or later in 2017 for Arsenal .
“ It 's a remarkable achievement what they have done again today , ” Wenger said .
Charlie Austin gave Southampton the lead in the third minute for the striker 's fourth goal in their last three starts .
Arsenal returned to sixth place , above Burnley on goal difference , but has picked up only one point from its last two games as it struggles to keep in touch with first-place Manchester City .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
click to enlarge Photo by Derek Brouwer
The Missoula `` dependent , '' get it ?
The 's street-facing sign was turned into a punchline over the weekend.Making a joke thatstaffers have heard repeatedly since the acquisition last Thursday , someone spray painted over the first two letters of the newspaper 's name so it reads as `` dependent . `` Publisher Matt Gibson noticed the damage when they arrived at the office Monday morning and filed a police report . `` I ca n't believe it took this long for our sign to get vandalized , '' they say . The red-and-white sign is a decade old.Thewas independently owned since its founding in 1991 . The paper is now under the same corporate umbrella as theRead the newsroom 's initial response to the sale here , and keep an eye out this Thursday for full coverage .
Oriel Plas Glyn-Y-Weddw is hosting an evening of music , with meal available before the performance .
Oriel Plas Glyn-Y-Weddw is one of Wales ' most picturesque art venues , nestling in the village of Llanbedrog on the Llŷn Peninsula , within an area of outstanding natural beauty . It is open daily 10-5 ( closed Tue , Oct-May excluding school hols ) . 12 acre woodland with headland walks , outdoor theatre and self catering unit to rear of mansion , sleeps 12 .
Plas Glyn y Weddw was built in 1857 for Elizabeth Jones Parry , widow of Sir Love Jones Parry of Madryn . Following the death of Lady Parry and their son Thomas Love Duncombe Jones Parry , the mansion was sold to Cardiff business person Solomon Andrews . An art gallery was established in the house in 1896 and the glorious gardens and grounds were also open to the public .
The gallery was closed at the outbreak of the Second World War and the Land Army girls stayed in part of the house . The Andrews family sold the mansion and the grounds in 1945 .
During this period , the building was turned into residential flats and by the late 1970 's its condition was rapidly deteriorating . In 1979 , the artist Gwyneth ap Tomos and their husband Dafydd bought Plas Glyn y Weddw and through their hard work the Plas was saved from becoming a ruin .
A charitable trust was formed during the mid 1990 's to take over the running of the gallery from Gwyneth and Dafydd . The purchase of the Winllan woodland in 2008 has been a key development in Plas Glyn y Weddw 's recent history , the woodland was part of the mansion 's original gardens and a network of paths has been re-opened , following years of development and hard work .
An evening of music with Trystan Llyr Griffiths ( Tenor ) , Steffan Lloyd Owen ( Baritone ) , Annette Bryn Parri and Gwydion Rhys ( Cello ) to start at 7.30pm . Tickets are £15 . Meal available in Caffi ' r Oriel before the performance . Pre-bookings only .
For the menu and tickets please go to https : //oriel.digitickets.co.uk/tickets
Or ring/email the gallery – 01758 740763 / enquiry @ oriel.org.uk
Jim Taylor , vice chairperson of Wellston Trees and Greens , discusses plans for Wellston Park in Warner Robins in this file photo taken last February . Wayne Crenshaw wcrenshaw @ macon.com
Shannon Drake , founder of The Dirt via givemethedirt.com '' My number one can't-live-without-it product is The Dirt 's Dirty Balm lip moisturizer . This little stick goes a long way . With amazing natural ingredients like organic cocoa butter and vitamin-rich ghee , it actually heals and moisturizes my lips long after it has worn off . I also use Dirty Balm on my cuticles , dry patches , or anywhere that could use a little TLC . Chock-full of therapeutic-grade essential oils , it 's a one-stop-shop for soothing thirsty skin , and I have at least one stick in every bag I own . `` I think every woman spends their life looking for a great clay mask . I know I 've tried hundreds of them , but none seemed to do much besides dry my skin out . That is until I found Alitura . Alitura 's `` I think every woman spends their life looking for a great clay mask . I know I 've tried hundreds of them , but none seemed to do much besides dry my skin out . That is until I found Alitura . Alitura 's Clay Mask combines amazing out-of-the-box ingredients like colostrum and freshwater pearl . I mix mine with a touch of apple cider vinegar for a mini acid peel effect . It leaves your skin glowing and rejuvenated . '' ( Here 's how to find the right face mask for your skin type . )
Vicky Tsai , founder of Tatcha via tatcha.com '' Whenever people ask me this , it feels like asking me to choose between children . If I absolutely had to pick three favorite products , they would be : Polished Classic Rice Enzyme Powder . The water-activated enzymatic formula is gentle enough for daily use , but efficacious enough to promote cell turnover in minutes . I use it each and every day to bring my skin back to neutral—now it 's like brushing my teeth before bed . The Essence . I went for years without an essence in my skincare routine , but when I learned that 97 percent of women in Japan use one daily , I had to try it . The pure and powerful formula is made of anti-aging Japanese superfoods : nourishing green tea , rice , and algae . An essence resurfaces skin and deeply hydrates to make all skincare work better . The Silk Cream . My skin can be both dehydrated and oily , which is why I love this moisturizer . It 's a rich , light gel cream that hydrates skin without weighing it down . Silk and Pearl extracts support collagen and elastin to reduce the look of fine lines and wrinkles . ''
Tata Harper , founder of Tata Harper Skincare via tataharperskincare.com '' Our Elixir Vitae Serum is my number one product . It 's our most powerful serum , and it boosts the look of plumpness and volume while smoothing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles with our most advanced age-defying technology . Its sister product , the Elixir Vitae Eye Serum , is probably my number two . I 'm really focused on my eye area , so this is one of my essentials . It 's powered by neuropeptides to help smooth the look of fine lines and crow 's ' feet . '' ( Do n't miss these vitamins for healthy eyes . )
Content continues below ad
Bryan Johns , President and CEO of iS CLINICAL by Innovative Skincare via isclinical.com '' In this fast-paced world , most of us like our skincare regime simple , quick , and effective . The three products I could not live without are Active Serum , Cleansing Complex and Extreme Protect SPF 30 by iS CLINICAL . These products are botanically based , yet very scientifically advanced , and are all designed to help keep your complexion more healthy and youthful . One of the great things about these iS CLINICAL products is that my entire family can use them ; and all see benefits no matter their age . Active Serum is my overall favorite product because it addresses three things simultaneously : wrinkles , breakouts , and pigmentation . This lightweight multiitasker also produces noticeable results very quickly ; in fact , you will usually notice a smoother texture overnight . It is a great product for all ages , genders , and ethnicities . Active Serum is truly unique , and it has received countless accolades and endorsements from leading dermatologists , famous medical clinics and hospitals , and A-list celebrities ( all unpaid , by the way ) . '' These are the skin-care tips dermatologists use on themselves .
Young-Ji Park , founder of PurpleTale via purpletale.com '' I absolutely can not live without our Setting the Scene Treatment Essence and IOPE 's Air Cushion . As an entrepreneur , time is very precious and limited , so I tend to gravitate towards products that shorten my beauty routine in the morning . I love our Setting the Scene Treatment Essence because it 's a toner and an essence in one . It helps to re-balance the pH of my skin back to its natural state after I cleanse , and gives me a boost of hydration and anti-aging benefits before my moisturizer . `` IOPE 's Air Cushion is another great multi-tasker that gives me the right amount of coverage and SPF protection when I 'm running out the door . And it 's super easy to touch-up throughout the day , whenever I need to . '' ( These are the sunscreens dermatologists swear by . )
Amanda Hume , green beauty expert and VERT Beauty Boutique founder via laurelskin.com '' The three products that I can not live without are : The Laurel Antioxidant Serum , which provides the right amount of moisture and is filled with nourishing antioxidants and whole plant ingredients like Gotu Kola , Calendula , and Pomegranate . Next , the Dr. Alkaitis Organic Purifying Facial Cleanser , because it deeply cleanses and gently exfoliates without stripping the skin , helping to refine the pores and leaving the skin soft . My last beauty must-have is my VERT Beauty Concealer Pencil . It helps hide dark circles and brightens the eye area , while also nourishing it with vitamin E and shea butter . '' Use these tricks to reduce puffy eyes and dark circles .
Content continues below ad
Lori Leib , creative director of Bodyography and the Bodyography SKIN line via bodyography.com '' My three holy grail skin-care products cover a variety of problem issues . For anti-aging I swear by Sunday Riley Luna Oil , a sleep oil that contains retinol and essential oils to plump and improve damaged skin , while fighting wrinkles and signs of aging . For resurfacing and hydration , I could not live without Bodyography SKIN 's Microdermabrasion Scrub and their Hydrating Mask . I use the two together to rid my face of dead skin cells and to plump and hydrate with hyaluronic acid—the cocktail of the two products seriously gives your skin a WOW effect . ''
Julie Clark , founder of Province Apothecary via provinceapothecary.com '' I love our Custom Face Serum . We blend them specifically per person , per season , and it 's tailored to your skin type and needs . If a custom serum if not for you , I love our REJUVENATING + HYDRATING FACE SERUM . I recommend adding a few drops to your moisturizer morning and night in the fall and winter to boost your hydration levels . `` In the spring and summer , I love to apply only my custom face serum . Add a few drops of water or a spray of toner to the serum , and the oils will penetrate deeper into the skin . '' `` In the spring and summer , I love to apply only my custom face serum . Add a few drops of water or a spray of toner to the serum , and the oils will penetrate deeper into the skin . ''
Shel Pink , founder of Spa Ritual via sparitual.com '' One of my absolute favorite products is Passionfruit Agave Exfoliating Cleansing Oil for the body . Used in the shower , this multi-use product gently sloughs off dead skin cells with coconut shells and cleanses the skin , leaving it with a healthy , beautiful glow . The uplifting scent also imparts a feeling of joy . `` I also love Ilia 's Multi-Stick in the color `` A Fine Romance , '' and the John Rosebrook Hydrating Accelerator for the face for an instantly hydrating and refreshing spritz for a skin perk any time of day . `` All three products contain natural ingredients and are an excellent choice for green , non-toxic self-care . '' If you care about eliminating chemicals from your skincare and makeup routine , try these `` All three products contain natural ingredients and are an excellent choice for green , non-toxic self-care . '' If you care about eliminating chemicals from your skincare and makeup routine , try these green beauty swaps
Content continues below ad
Shadoh Punnapuzha , founder of Arya Essentials via aryaessentials.com `` I definitely ca n't live without the Arya Essentials Face Oil and Botanical Cleanser . When creating these products , we kept in mind people with the most sensitive skin , but at the same time made a product that will be effective and results-oriented . `` I honestly am lazy when it comes to a beauty routine and wanted something that does it all without having to have a 10-product regimen . Our `` I definitely ca n't live without the Arya Essentials Face Oil and Botanical Cleanser . When creating these products , we kept in mind people with the most sensitive skin , but at the same time made a product that will be effective and results-oriented . `` I honestly am lazy when it comes to a beauty routine and wanted something that does it all without having to have a 10-product regimen . Our Botanical Cleanser , which is formulated with Turmeric and Papaya Seed Oil , removes waterproof makeup and deeply cleanses skin without stripping it of the oils . Within weeks you will notice your skin will be softer , brighter and balanced . `` Our Face Oil , which is more like a serum , is high in antioxidants and helps battle aging , dark spots , and fine lines while leaving your skin looking fresh and glowing . When I stop using the Face Oil , I immediately see a difference in my skin . My complexion takes on a more dull tone . Our Face Oil uses ingredients such as Brahmi and Tulsi ( Holy Basil ) which have been used for thousands of years as part of skincare rituals to maintain a youthful complexion . '' Why you should consider a facial oil if you do n't use one already
Maria and Erica , founders of Baiser Beauty via baiserbeauty.com `` We definitely ca n't live without the Formula N°8
`` We definitely ca n't live without the Formula N°8 Anti Aging Skin Serum by Baiser . It gives our skin exceptional moisture and balance , plus it smells delicious . The Formula N°7 Cucumber Spritz by Baiser is a facial refresher , toner and antibacterial , three in one , so how could we live without it ? ''
Content continues below ad
February is typically a time when many think “ heart. ” Valentine 's Day aside , more than a million people will pick out a perfect shade of cherry red to show support and raise awareness of heart disease . While heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States , it can also be a major contributor to stroke – an increasingly costly cause of disability .
Chances are you know someone who has suffered a stroke . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates one occurs in the United States every 40 seconds . To put it into context , three people will begin to display common symptoms of a stroke – which include weakness or numbness , confusion and sudden changes in vision – by the time you finish reading this article .
Although the death rate of strokes has declined in Oklahoma and the country due to modern medicine and advances in treatment , the American Heart Association and the American Stroke Association estimate cases of stroke will rise by more than 20 percent over the next decade or so . Combined with the fact that stroke is the leading cause of long-term disability and the leading preventable cause of disability in the U.S. , caring for survivors could take an expensive toll on the economy .
In 2010 , stroke treatment that includes the expense of health care services , medications and missed days of work totaled about $ 71.55 billion . By 2030 , the two national groups expect that number to more than double to an estimated $ 183.13 billion .
Getting patients specialized care within three hours of first symptoms can greatly reduce the risk of lasting disability . While there are many hospitals that can treat patients , very few have been recognized by the Joint Commission as being advanced certified comprehensive stroke centers . Just 120 hospitals – including Mercy Hospital Oklahoma City – have reached this certification of providing the highest level of care and treating the most complex cases . For patients , this could make all the difference in their recovery . Each minute a stroke goes untreated , millions of brain cells affecting speech , movement and memory are impacted .
Stroke care has progressed tremendously over the years from being able to offer minimal treatment to reversing the effects in many patients . Receiving care in the right amount of time is critical for patients ' lives and potentially saves billions of dollars in the economy .
Di Smalley is regional president of Mercy in Oklahoma .
The Champion
The Chainsmokers – Honest
The Challenger
Portugal , the Man – Feel It Still
Tonight 's Champion…
Monday – Thursday at 8pm YOU decide who the next Champion will be on the New Music Showdown by voting for your favourite song .
OTTAWA — Disgruntled Ottawa Senators fans want team owner Eugene Melnyk to know exactly how they feel , and their message is hard to miss .
Four billboards with the message # MelnykOut went up at four different locations across the city Monday thanks to a GoFundMe campaign that raised more than $ 10,000 in less than a month .
The fund was started by fan Spencer Callaghan , whose growing frustration with Melnyk reached a breaking point after rumours began to swirl that captain Erik Karlsson might be traded .
On the GoFundMe page launched Feb. 23 , Callaghan wrote : “ Eugene Melnyk has decided that they would rather tear the team down and sell it for spare parts than admit they can no longer run it effectively . Sen fans and the city of Ottawa need to step up to save a pillar of this community . ”
They said billboards are a way for fans to be heard , and they feel that the current regime has driven players and front office staff away .
“ One of the big things I was trying to do was get some attention for the fans message , ” said Callaghan on Monday afternoon .
“ The really clear message I want to get through is this is not about this season , this is not about a bad season . This is about Daniel Alfredsson leaving , twice , this is about why Kyle Turris left , this is about why Mr. Leeder left , why Mr. Anselmi left . This is about a series of decisions over a long period of time . ”
Not everyone agrees with what Callaghan is doing , but says they felt compelled to take action because of their passion for the Senators .
“ I really do n't think the ship has sailed on Mr. Melnyk turning this around , I truly do n't believe that it 's impossible at this point , ” Callaghan said . “ But it requires some collaboration , it requires some humility and it requires some listening and I have n't seen any desire on the part of the organization to do that . ”
The Twitter hashtag # MelnykOut was launched in December by a fan after the Senators owner threatened to relocate the team if they did n't see better fan support . Melnyk 's comments were made the night before the first-ever outdoor game in Ottawa and set off a firestorm on social media from outraged fans .
Things on the ice have n't been much better as the Senators , who advanced to the Eastern Conference final last season , will miss the playoffs . Karlsson 's future in Ottawa remains unknown , adding to the fan unease .
Players can appreciate there is fan frustration , but Senators defenceman and Ottawa native Mark Borowiecki says Melnyk deserves credit for coming to the city 's rescue when the team was on the verge of bankruptcy .
“ Everyone 's entitled to their own opinion , ” said Borowiecki . “ I will say this , running a sports franchise is n't quite as easy as some people think it is . There 's a lot to it that I think a lot of us do n't understand and ca n't appreciate .
“ Eugene 's stepped up big for this city . Growing up here , being a fan , I can remember there was a real danger of losing this team . Fans might have gripes , certain sections of that fan base especially might take issue with things , but there was a real possibility a few years ago that we would n't have a team here so I 'd much rather have a team and take small issues with it than not have a team at all .
“ Eugene stepped up with the city and brought the team back to us and they kept hockey in this market and I think it 's important to always remember that . ”
Borowiecki was n't even aware of the billboards or the funding campaign until told about it Monday .
Senators general manager Pierre Dorion , who is in Boca Raton , Fla. , for NHL GM meetings , was asked about the billboards but said : “ I 'm not talking about that . ”
The billboards are slated to be up for two weeks , with a fifth going up April 2 .
More than 50 female Democratic lawmakers on Monday asked the House oversight committee to investigate allegations of sexual misconduct against President Donald Trump .
In a letter to committee chairperson Rep. Trey Gowdy , R-S.C. , and ranking member Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Md. , the Democratic Women 's Working Group wrote that the country deserves “ a full inquiry into the truth of these allegations . ”
“ At least 17 women have publicly accused the President of sexual misconduct , ” the letter , which was signed by 56 lawmakers , said . “ We can not ignore the multitude of women who have come forward with accusations . ”
Related : Women who have accused Trump of sexual misconduct speak out
The letter added that Trump , who has called the claims false and said “ the American people voiced their judgment ” on the allegations by giving them a `` decisive victory '' in the 2016 presidential election , should be allowed to present evidence in their own defense .
Three of the lawmakers leading the effort — Lois Frankel of Florida , Brenda Lawrence of Michigan and Jackie Speier of California — planned to speak at a news conference Tuesday .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump accusers share stories , senator calls for congressional investigation 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Earlier Monday , three women appeared on `` Megyn Kelly Today '' recalling encounters with Trump during which they said they acted inappropriately .
One of the women , Rachel Crooks , said Trump repeatedly forcibly kissed them inside Trump Tower in 2005 . Another woman , Jessica Leeds , said that Trump grabbed their breasts and tried to put their hand up their skirt more than three decades ago when they sat beside them on an airline .
Related : Since Weinstein , here 's a growing list of men accused of sexual misconduct
At a separate news conference , the women called on Congress to investigate the president .
Rep. Jackie Speier , D-Calif. , speaks at a press conference on sexual harassment in Congress on November 15 , 2017 in Washington . Win McNamee / Getty Images file
Recalling the allegations that in October toppled a former high-power movie producer , Harvey Weinstein , Leeds said : “ It became apparent that in some areas the accusations of sexual aggression were being taken seriously and people were being held accountable , except for our president , and they were not being held accountable . ”
`` I ask that Congress put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr. Trump 's history of sexual misconduct , '' Crooks added .
Messages left with Gowdy 's Washington D.C. office and at the office of the House oversight committee on Monday were not immediately returned .
Despite what you might think , it is n't easy to spot a counterfeit check . Fraudsters know how to make a fake check look completely legitimate — so good that even a bank teller ca n't spot it .
That 's why fraudsters are using fake checks to commit all sorts of scams , including phony prize awards , fake job offers , mystery shopper scams , and bogus online classified ad sales .
“ This scam comes in many different variations ” said John Breyault , who runs the National Consumers League 's Fraud.org website . “ But the key thing that binds them all together is the use of a fake check . The consumer is instructed to deposit that check into their personal account and then send a portion of the proceeds to someone right away . ”
A closeup of a checkbook . Michael Shake / Featureepics.com
Most victims are instructed to send the money via a wire transfer service , such as Western Union or MoneyGram . But some are told buying prepaid debit cards or iTunes gift cards that they can use to buy things .
When the bank discovers the check is counterfeit — which could be days or weeks later — that deposit is removed from the victim 's checking account . The crooks already have their money and the poor consumer is left holding the bag .
Earlier this year , the Better Business Bureau released a list of the Top 10 Most Risky Scams based on an analysis of complaints collected through its online Scam Tracker . Fake check scams came in at number two , just behind home improvement scams . That ranking is based on how many people are targeted by the scam , how likely they are to fall for it and how much money the average victim loses .
The typical loss to a scam is about $ 275 — but with fake check scams , it 's almost $ 1,500 .
“ This is definitely a very , very serious concern right now , ” said Emma Fletcher , director of scam and fraud initiatives at the BBB Institute for Marketplace Trust . “ The typical loss to a scam that 's reported to us is about $ 275 , but with fake check scams the median loss is almost $ 1,500 . That 's a lot of money . ”
While anyone can fall for a fake check scam , the BBB 's analysis shows that men between the ages of 18 and 24 are the most susceptible . This is also the top scam for students , and military families and veterans .
These Crooks Are Clever
Fake checks are commonly used to steal money from people who want to become mystery shoppers . Kathy , who lives in Dallas , Texas , got taken for $ 2,650 this way . They asked that we not use their last name .
“ What these crooks are doing is disgusting , absolutely disgusting , ” Kathy told NBC News . “ They 're really clever and they need to be brought to justice . ”
Kathy had done mystery shopping before , so they are n't surprised to get an email from a mystery shopping company asking them to do some work for them .
“ The email seemed totally legit and everything on the website seemed on the up and up , so I did n't question it . There were no warning signs , ” they said .
Kathy 's first assignment as a “ survey agent ” was to rate money transfer companies . The mystery shopper scammers sent them a check for $ 2,850 and emailed them a list of questions to fill out about their experiences .
“ It was a cashier 's check and it looked totally legit , ” they said .
Kathy was told to deposit the check , take the cash and go to three different money transfer services and wire $ 900 from each . That left them with $ 100 for doing the job . They did as instructed .
About a week later , Kathy got a letter from their bank . It said the $ 2,850 check was counterfeit and could n't be cashed , so the money they had withdrawn would be debited from their checking account .
“ The bank should have been able to determine immediately whether the check was legit or not and they did n't . And that really disturbed me , ” they said .
Kathy realizes she 'll never get that money back , but they hope that by sharing their experience they can prevent others from becoming victims .
Why Fake Check Scams Work So Well
Few of us understand how the banking system works and the scammers use that confusion to trick us .
When we deposit a check , the financial institution is required by federal law to make the money available to us long before it can be certain the check is legitimate . We see the money show up in our account and assume the check is good and has cleared .
Fake check scam victims frequently report that their financial institutions decline to help them .
But that 's not what really happens . It may take a couple of days or a week or more for the check to work its way through the banking system and actually clear . During that time period , the bank gives us a short-term , no-interest loan using that check as collateral . If the check bounces , we have to pay back that loan in full .
“ Unfortunately , you do n't realize you 've been defrauded until you find that your bank account has a big negative balance , ” said Fraud.org 's John Breyault . “ And because of how our banking laws are written , it 's the consumer who 's on the hook for that — not the scammer and not the bank . It 's not like a fraudulent transaction on a credit card that you can dispute . It does n't work that way with personal checks . ”
Victims Say the Bank Would n't Help Them
People who 've lost money to fake check fraudsters frequently complain that their bank teller did not warn them about the scam and their financial institution would not help them when the check turned out to be bogus .
Erika , a single mom in Oklahoma City who preferred not to be identified by their last name , was excited to be offered a work-at-home job this past spring . Them new employer sent them a check for $ 1,000 to buy office supplies and cover their first paycheck .
Erika was told to cash the check at their bank , take $ 979 to another bank in town and deposit it into the account of a corporate vendor who would ship the supplies they needed to get started .
A few days after they did that , Erika got a call from their bank . The check was a fake and there would be a $ 979 debit to their account . Not only that , but the debit caused their account to be overdrawn , which meant in addition to the $ 979 stolen by the scammers , they now owed the bank overdraft fees .
“ I 'm looking for a job , so I can provide for my three year old son , and instead I get fleeced , ” they said .
Erika told NBC News they asked the bank if they could help them with this , but they were told there was nothing they could do . That 's not uncommon . Fake check scam victims frequently report that their financial institutions decline to help them .
The nation 's bankers insist they take fake check fraud very seriously and are doing a better job of spotting it and stopping it . For example , the American Bankers Association said tellers are trained to say something and ask questions when they see a transaction that appears to be suspicious .
“ These losses are not something that bankers ever want to see , ” said Doug Johnson , ABA 's senior vice president of payments and cybersecurity . “ We continually educate our customers about the frauds being perpetrated against them , but we ca n't stop every crime . ”
That 's why it 's up to you to protect yourself and understand how scammers use fake checks to steal your money .
The BBB 's Emma Fletcher told NBC News they can not think of any legitimate business transaction where someone would send you a check , ask you to deposit it and wire back the money .
“ Any time you 're asked to do something like that , an alarm should go off that this is a scam , ” they said .
The Federal Trade Commission has information on Fake Check Scams and the Better Business Bureau provides 10 Steps to Avoid Scams .
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan . Follow them on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website .
In about 60 to 90 seconds , stagehands with flashlights hurry the randomly chosen participants past dark curtains , down unfamiliar passageways , around corners , outdoors , indoors and through an MGM Grand resort kitchen to re-enter the theater and `` reappear '' for the show finale , according to testimony . Copperfield remains on stage the entire time .
Benedict Morelli , attorney for Gavin Cox , has characterized the route as an obstacle course and the pace as dangerously fast for people who might not have appropriate footwear and are not told in advance what they will encounter .
Copperfield said they and stagehands assessed the capabilities of audience volunteers as they approached the stage , climbed stairs and seated themselves in a boxy 13-seat apparatus for the illusion . The trick is dubbed `` the Thirteen , '' for the number of seats .
The jury has been told that some volunteers were turned away .
Over the objections of Copperfield attorney Elaine Fresch , Morelli asked Copperfield if they thought the number of people not injured by the illusion over the years suggested that it was safe .
`` I 'm not in the business of hurting people , '' Copperfield said .
`` The illusion must be safe because of how many people have done it without getting injured ? '' Morelli asked .
`` Numbers are not a defense , '' Copperfield said , adding they could n't remember hearing of anyone getting hurt .
Copperfield said they did n't know Cox claimed to have been injured in November 2013 until they were sued the following year . They said they stopped performing the illusion a year later .
Cox alleges they fell after being hurried by stagehands through an alleyway coated with a powdery residue near a trailer-sized trash bin . The resident of Kent , England , claims lasting brain and bodily injuries from their fall have cost them more than $ 400,000 in medical care .
Fresch lost a bid Tuesday for a mistrial based on the amount of media coverage about the case , including interviews involving Morelli .
Clark County District Court Judge Mark Denton allowed testimony to resume after asking jurors if they saw news items about the case during a five-day break in the civil trial . Three said they turned off broadcasts when they encountered them .
Copperfield 's lawyers lost pretrial motions to close proceedings to the public to avoid giving away performance secrets .
A state appeals court ruled Friday that Denton can close the courtroom to the public for some testimony to protect tradecraft .
Today is the last roundup for the week . I will be moving this weekend and I wo n't be around on Friday or Monday . I 'll try to be back for y'all next Wednesday , so be ready for a lot of app sales .
The events leading to Michael Flynn 's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week , with constant new updates about what they said , to whom and when . But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer . Here 's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser , less than one month into the Trump administration .
June through November , 2016
Early in the summer , the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee . Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump , as well as internal emails and chats .
In late July , WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers . Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC Chair .
Donald Trump , meanwhile , eggs the Russians on .
`` Russia , if you 're listening , I hope you 're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing , '' they say .
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months , saying in a debate that China or `` somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds '' could have been behind the breaches . Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it 's `` confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails , '' Trump dismisses concerns about the breach .
`` You ever notice anything that goes wrong , they blame Russia ? 'Russia did it . ' They have no idea , '' they say in a speech .
Nov. 8 , 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election .
Nov. 18 , 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be their national security adviser . Flynn , it is later reported , had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election .
Dec. 9 , 2016
Then-President Obama orders a `` full review '' of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections , going back to 2008 .
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election .
The Trump transition office issues a statement :
`` These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , '' the statement says . `` The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history . [ Note : This is incorrect . ] It 's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again . ' ``
Dec. 12 , 2016
Trump tweets : `` Unless you catch 'hackers ' in the act , it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking . Why was n't this brought up before election ? ''
Dec. 15 , 2016
Trump tweets , `` If Russia , or some other entity , was hacking , why did the White House wait so long to act ? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost ? ''
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking , but they also `` had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening . ''
President Obama tells NPR 's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia , one way or another , in response to that country 's attempts to influence the U.S. election .
`` I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections , that we need to take action , '' they say . `` And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing . Some of it may be explicit and publicized ; some of it may not be . ''
They added , `` But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this , because I spoke to them directly about it . ''
Dec. 25 , 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays ( per remarks later made by Sean Spicer , on Jan. 13 , 2017 ) .
Dec. 29 , 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia 's Federal Security Service , the FSB ; the country 's main foreign intelligence agency , known as the GRU ; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU .
In addition , the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were `` used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes . ''
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Ambassador Kislyak regarding sanctions took place ( this story would break on Jan. 12 , 2017 ) . According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9 , two officials `` said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama , making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president . ''
Jan. 6 , 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election , and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee .
`` Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump 's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting them unfavorably to him , '' the report says . The authors added that `` Russia 's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process . ''
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report 's contents . Afterward , they release a statement lumping Russia in with China and `` other countries '' and insisting that the hacking had `` absolutely no effect '' on the election 's outcome :
`` While Russia , China , other countries , outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions , businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee , there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines . ''
However , as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier , it 's impossible to know the impact : `` Certainly the intelligence community ca n't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made . There is no way for us to gauge that . ''
Jan. 10 , 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee ( and Alabama Sen. ) Jeff Sessions says in their confirmation hearing that they `` has no reason to doubt '' the report 's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack .
Jan. 11 , 2017
In their confirmation hearing , then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that they think it 's `` a fair assumption '' that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election . They also add that the intelligence report on Russian hacking `` clearly is troubling . ''
Jan. 12 , 2017
The Washington Post 's David Ignatius reports that `` a senior U.S. government official , Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29 , '' the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats .
Jan. 13 , 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak , but that the conversation was on Dec. 28 , and that it was n't about sanctions .
They said that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th , asking if they could give Flynn a call . Kislyak then called that day , and according to Spicer , `` the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after they were sworn in , and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call . That was it , plain and simple . ''
This later proved to be untrue .
Jan. 15 , 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss `` whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications , '' as the Washington Post has reported .
Later that day , on CBS 's Face the Nation , Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions .
`` What I can confirm , having spoken to them about it , is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions , '' Pence said .
Upon further questioning from Dickerson , Pence added , `` I do n't believe there were more conversations , '' as well as , `` I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion . ''
After the Pence interview , the Post reports , the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was `` more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call , contrary to public statements . ''
Jan. 19 , 2017
According to the Washington Post , Acting Attorney General Sally Yates , DNI James Clapper , and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications .
Jan. 26 , 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak , as Spicer reported at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing .
Feb. 8 , 2017
In an interview , Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak , according to the Washington Post .
Feb. 9 , 2017
A Flynn spokesperson says that the retired lieutenant general `` indicated that while they had no recollection of discussing sanctions , they could n't be certain that the topic never came up , '' according to the Post .
Feb. 13 , 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn `` does enjoy the full confidence of the president . ''
Later in the day , press secretary Sean Spicer says that Trump is `` evaluating the situation '' regarding Flynn .
That night , Michael Flynn resigns as national security adviser . In a statement , they admit accidental wrongdoing :
`` Unfortunately , because of the fast pace of events , I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador . I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President , and they have accepted my apology . ''
The White House announces that retired Lt. General Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser .
Feb. 14 , 2017
Two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that Flynn did talk to Kislyak on Dec. 29 .
Sean Spicer says that 17 days prior , White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when they told Pence they had n't discussed sanctions with Kislyak , as reported by the New York Times .
At a press briefing , Spicer says of the resignation , `` We got to a point not based on a legal issue , but based on a trust issue , '' adding that Trump was `` concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others . ''
Politico reports that there 's still more to come on the Flynn story , according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence committee :
`` Rep. Adam Schiff ( D-Calif. ) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn 's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning , and more information will surface in the coming days , according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting . ''
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn 's contacts with Russian officials , and Sen. Roy Blunt , R-Mo. , a member of the intelligence committee says Flynn should meet with the committee `` very soon . ''
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom .
TORONTO — A man is dead following a late-night shooting in one of Toronto 's busiest intersections .
Police say a man was shot at around 11 p.m. at Yonge-Dundas Square in the heart of downtown .
The man believed to be in their 20s was rushed to a nearby trauma centre in critical condition .
Homicide Det . Stephen Henkel says they died of their injuries in hospital .
CONCORD , N.H. — The New Hampshire Lottery says it wo n't appeal a judge 's ruling that allows a woman who won a Powerball jackpot worth nearly $ 560 million to keep their identity private .
The lottery said in a statement Monday that rather than appeal it believes the state Legislature should take up any possible changes in laws affecting the lottery .
The woman signed their ticket after the Jan. 6 drawing . They then learned that they could have shielded their identity by writing the name of a trust . Lawyers said they were upset after learning they were giving up their anonymity by signing the ticket , which the lottery commission acknowledged is n't spelled out on the ticket , but is detailed on its website .
They sued the state lottery commission to stay anonymous .
Police have issued a traffic warning for anyone planning to use a main route between Larne and Ballymena .
A spokesperson said at 5.20pm this evening ( Monday ) that the Shane 's Hill Road near Larne will have to close for a period to aid recovery of a lorry which has been involved in a crash .
Motorists should avoid if possible .
CARSON , Calif. — Although the Los Angeles Chargers ' offence is constantly running over its opponents these days , Philip Rivers was n't sure how they ended up as a lead blocker for receiver Travis Benjamin on a 22-yard reverse run .
“ Gracious , I 've never been this far down the field in my life since high school , ” Rivers thought to themselves as they looked for somebody to hit — and their coaches cringed .
But just about everything the Chargers do is working out well lately . After a 30-13 rout of the Redskins on Sunday for their fourth straight victory , they 're finding themselves in prime position to compete for a playoff spot .
After their 0-4 start , that 's something that seemed even more unlikely than Rivers becoming a blocker .
Rivers passed for 319 yards and two touchdowns , and the Chargers continued their ferocious playoff push with their seventh win in nine games .
Tyrell Williams caught a 75-yard touchdown pass and Hunter Henry had another scoring grab for the Chargers ( 7-6 ) , who have been largely outstanding ever since that rocky start to their relocation season . This one was n't in much doubt for the Chargers as they took a 24-point lead and racked up 429 yards of offence midway through the third quarter .
“ It 's exactly where we want to be , ” said Williams , who had four catches for 132 yards . “ We hold our own destiny . ”
While outscoring their opponents 131-53 during their winning streak , the Chargers also moved above .500 for the first time since September 2015 with a dominant offensive performance against Washington .
With their fourth straight home victory , the Chargers stayed atop the AFC West alongside the Chiefs ( 7-6 ) , their opponents Saturday in Kansas City .
“ I want players to always know what they 're playing for , and right now , we 're playing for our division , ” Chargers coach Anthony Lynn said .
Kirk Cousins hit Vernon Davis with an early TD pass for the Redskins ( 5-8 ) , who have lost two straight and six of eight . Washington was officially eliminated from playoff contention with three games to go , and this effort rankled several veterans .
“ There 's no excuse why we 're playing like this , because we 've played good in the past , ” Washington safety D.J . Swearinger said . “ You 've got to prepare for when you step out on the field Sunday , or you 're going to get embarrassed . We got embarrassed today , so guys did n't prepare . Guys did n't take it in . … We 've definitely taken steps back ( on defence ) . We had 30 put on us today . Dallas put ( 38 ) on us last week . We 've taken major steps back . ”
Although Bashaud Breeland returned an interception of Kellen Clemens ' pass 96 yards for a touchdown with 2:36 to play , Washington 's defence had few answers .
“ I 'm at a loss for words , quite honestly , ” Redskins coach Jay Gruden said . “ I never thought we 'd get beat like these two weeks in a row . ”
Melvin Gordon rushed for a third-quarter score before several Los Angeles regulars took most of the fourth quarter off , banking rest for Saturday .
They earned it : Rivers ' offence played with confidence and flair , executing reverses and flea-flickers while thoroughly entertaining a crowd with distinctly fewer fans of the opposition than in the Chargers ' first few games at StubHub Center .
Los Angeles jumped to a 13-0 lead while scoring on its first three drives and getting a first-quarter interception by Kyle Emanuel , but Washington kept it close by forcing two field goals .
But on the Chargers ' first snap after Davis ' TD catch , Rivers hit Williams deep downfield for an untouched , 75-yard score .
MISSED CHANCE
Los Angeles had a 23-6 lead when it drove 81 yards in the final 1:25 before halftime . The Chargers only missed out on even more points because Austin Ekeler was tackled on a 33-yard run at the Washington 4 as time ran out . Lynn blamed Ekeler for risking a run to end zone despite knowing they needed to get down .
KEENAN AGAIN
Keenan Allen had six catches for 111 yards in their quietest performance during the Bolts ' four-game winning streak . They still set single-season career highs for receptions and yards during the first half for Los Angeles .
BIG PHIL
Rivers passed for 256 yards in the first half . They also moved ahead of Warren Moon for ninth place in NFL history in career yards passing . During the four-game winning streak , Rivers has passed for 1,348 yards with eight touchdowns and no interceptions .
INJURIES
Redskins : Kick returner Byron Marshall 's leg buckled underneath them while they moved to field a kickoff in the first quarter . They injured their hamstring and did n't return . … Key LB Zach Brown sprained their toe in the second half and left in a walking boot . They blamed the StubHub Center turf : “ That field is crap . It 's made for soccer. ” … LB Chris Carter broke their leg in the second half .
Chargers : Left tackle Russell Okung went down heavily in the first quarter and limped off the field with a knee injury . They returned later in the first half , however .
UP NEXT
Redskins : Host the Arizona Cardinals on Sunday .
Chargers : Travel to Kansas City on short rest for a first-place showdown with the Chiefs on Saturday .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
In May , Netflix announced plans to adapt The Witcher , a series of books by Polish author Andrzej Sapkowski . Now , it 's been confirmed that the task of bringing the novels to the streaming service will fall to Lauren Schmidt Hissrich .
Hissrich has a longstanding relationship with Netflix , having served as an executive producer on both Daredevil and The Defenders . They also received writing credits for episodes of those two shows , as well as Power , Private Practice , and The West Wing , the series that helped them start their career in writing for television .
Not much is known about plans for Netflix 's take on The Witcher , save for the fact that it has been given a multiple-series order . Hissrich is set to serve as both an executive producer and the showrunner , according to Variety .
The Witcher is best known to audiences outside of Europe as a series of hit role-playing games developed by CD Projekt Red . However , these titles are set after the series of novels and do n't serve as a direct adaptation of Sapkowski 's work .
Indeed , the author has expressed some disdain for CD Projekt Red 's output , as critically acclaimed as it has proven to be . Sapkowski made no secret of their opinion of both the titles themselves – and the medium of video games as a whole – in an interview with Waypoint published earlier this year .
Still , the Netflix series is set to serve as something of a collaboration between the talent that made both the books and the games so compelling for fantasy fans . Sapkowski will serve as a creative consultant , while the director of the computer-generated intros for the CD Projekt Red adaptations , Tomasz Baginski , will direct at least one episode in each season .
It 's difficult to imagine just how Netflix 's The Witcher will play out — the success of Game of Thrones has proven that there 's an audience out there for epic fantasy , but The Witcher has a much greater emphasis on monsters from the outset than the early seasons of HBO 's hit series did . It remains to be seen whether the masses will catch on , but fans of the books and the games alike have plenty of reason to be excited .
On January 29 , around 1 p.m. , soldiers from the 66th IBPA & 25th IBPA gathered the residents of Sitio Pogi , Brgy . San Miguel , Compostela , and presented names of civilians they alleged to have links and tasks in the revolutionary NPA , including some union leaders of a banana company , namely Roland Cobrado , Perlita Milallos , and Elmer Atamosa .
By MARYA SALAMAT
Bulatlat.com
MANILA – President Duterte had promised change , peace , and for workers , regularization on the job instead of contractualization . But nearly two years since they took power , what they have regularly brought to the working people are price hikes and increased threats on their democratic rights , the Kilusang Mayo Uno regional chapter in Southern Mindanao said in a statement this week .
After Duterte announced on January 28 that their administration would go after what they and the military accused of being “ legal fronts ” of the New People 's Army ( NPA ) , the progressive labor center noted an intensification in troops ' harassment of their leaders and unionists in the region .
Carlo Olalo , secretary-general of KMU in Southern Mindanao , said that on January 29 , around 1 p.m. , soldiers from the 66th IBPA & 25th IBPA gathered the residents of Sitio Pogi , Brgy . San Miguel , Compostela , and presented names of civilians they alleged to have links and tasks in the revolutionary NPA .
Included in the list are some union leaders of a banana company , namely Roland Cobrado , Perlita Milallos , and Elmer Atamosa . Olalo said the government troops brazenly told the residents to convince these union leaders to “ surrender to the authorities within three ( 3 ) days or else be arrested or killed. ” The soldiers told the plantation workers , relatives and friends of these union leaders that they are just implementing the order of the Commander-in-Chief to go after leaders of “ legal fronts , ” Olalo said .
The KMU-SMR condemned the threat to the union leaders as well as President Duterte 's announcement of a crackdown . The Compostela area has already been recognized as a hotspot of labor rights violations by the International Labor Organization ( ILO ) . For years , various fact-finding missions have documented the government military 's intervention in labor-related matters .
“ Many of our union leaders have faced threats , harassment or death due to their resistance to capitalist oppression . Cobrado , Milallos and Atamosa are known not for being leaders of the NPA but for being unfailing opponent of illegal dismissal , contractualization and union busting , ” Olalo said .
About this time last year , the court ordered the release of a KMU labor organizer detained by the elements of Task Force Davao in Sirawan Toril , Davao City . The court dismissed the complaint leveled against them by state authorities . That case is a “ testament that the AFP is only concocting fallacious charges against leaders and members of progressive organizations in a bid to suppress it ” , Olalo had said at the time . Now they are back to fending off increased instances of similar threats of arrests . Then and now , they report noticeable surveillance of their legal , democratic activities . Many concerted actions including the holding of a strike , protest camp , union election and rallies of workers ' groups in Mindanao have been reportedly attacked also by the military even if the workers ' demands and conduct were as stipulated in the Labor Code .
As troops were going around civilian communities in Mindanao issuing threats against legal and progressive leaders , leaders of similar organizations outside of Mindanao were also targeted in simultaneous actions of the Duterte administration and the military .
Days ago , the leader of the teachers ' union under the Alliance of Concerned Teachers in the National Capital Region ( ACT-NCR ) was targeted for arrest . Olalo said they have also monitored “ calls for surrender ” of known progressive leaders such as Sheena Duazo of BAYAN-SMR and Hanimay Suazo of Karapatan-SMR aired at local radio stations ABS-CBN 's DXAB and Maayong Buntag Mindanao . They shared that a so-called NPA “ surrenderee ” named Quiroga was being paraded by the military as a supposed coordinator of Anakpawis Partylist .
Olalo said their members have also reported a seeming simulation of lockdown in Davao City and other parts of the country .
“ The workers will not consent but resist all attempts to violate their constitutional rights and rights provided for under international labor laws , ” Olalo said .
Should something untoward happen to the three union leaders and to other workers or unionists because “ of this senseless government crackdown , ” Olalo said , workers will hold both the AFP and the US-Duterte regime accountable .
They said the workers will continue calling for increased wages , more regular jobs , and respect for their democratic rights . They urged all workers to unite in opposing the terror acts of this regime and uphold the democratic rights of workers and the people .
‘ Star Wars Battlefront 2 ' aims to build on its predecessor 's strengths , while incorporating a number of new fan-servicing features .
If your particular fantasy from a galaxy far , far away involves blasting Stormtroopers to bits from atop a rampaging Tauntaun , Star Wars Battlefront 2 might be the game you need .
Character classes will “ feel familiar , while also fitting in with the Star Wars universe . ”
While Hoth 's mountable snow lizards are easily one of the coolest additions to EA 's upcoming sequel , they barely scratch the surface of what DICE Creative Director Bernd Diemer describes as “ added depth meant to give players more reasons to stick around . ”
If saddling the iconic , body-warming beasts is n't enough to bring you back to Battlefront , however , maybe the game 's deeper , more Battlefield-flavored approach to competitive multiplayer will do the trick . During our sit-down with Diemer , the developer called 2015 's franchise reboot “ a good base that nailed the core gameplay ” , but admitted there were a number of things they wanted to “ build on and improve . ”
Stay classy , Cloud City
Among those things are character classes , a multiplayer genre staple that was noticeably absent from the first game . Battlefront 2 will allow fans to pick a soldier from a specific discipline , then upgrade their chosen avatar along a dedicated career path . Bernd would n't specify what classes would be available , but promised they 'd “ feel familiar , while also fitting in with the Star Wars universe . ”
They also remained tight-lipped on characters ' progression paths , but hinted at a goal- and resource-based career that would give every player the opportunity to eventually become a “ heroic trooper. ” The ability to unlock and customize new weapons and gadgets will also play a key role on your multiplayer journey from grunt to galaxy-saving hero .
Additionally , each class will be appropriately represented across all Star Wars eras—original trilogy , prequels , and the new films . So those playing as a standard boots-on-the-ground baddie , for example , can assume the role of a Battle Droid , First Order Stormtrooper , or any Emperor-worshipping evil-doer in between .
It will have a full campaign that 's considered official Star Wars canon
The inclusion of different eras also extends to the game 's weapons , gadgets , map locations , and hero characters ; the latter of which will see fans wielding the Force powers and lightsabers of iconic favorites like Luke Skywalker , Darth Maul , Yoda , Kylo Ren , Rey , and more .
The scope of Battlefront 2 ‘ s online component will also jump to light-speed , allowing players to engage in large-scale space conflicts . It seems EA is taking this fan-requested feature pretty seriously , too , as they 've recruited Criterion Games—the studio responsible for last year 's Rogue One : X-Wing PSVR experience—to oversee this aspect of the title . All crafts , including favorites like the Millennium Falcon and Slave 1 , will have their own upgrade paths .
Beyond Criterion 's involvement , Bernd did n't offer many specifics on space combat , nor was they ready to divulge details on specific multiplayer maps , modes , or the game 's business model ( though it seems the first game 's much-maligned season pass will be jettisoned in favor of a different approach to doling out DLC . ) Based on what they did share though , it appears Battlefront 2 is focused on retaining what worked well in the previous entry , while piling on plenty of new features and content .
Uncle Vader Wants You
Of course , the game 's biggest and most-requested addition is its dedicated , single-player story mode . A full campaign that 's considered official Star Wars canon , the solo path will put players in the boots of an elite special forces soldier named Iden . In a potential-packed twist , this new female protagonist commands an Empire squad dubbed “ Inferno Force . ”
Aside from their black , badass armor and assertion to “ avenge the Emperor ” after the second Deathstar is destroyed , Iden is portrayed as a sympathetic hero . In fact , as Lucasfilm 's Senior Director of Franchise Management Douglas Reilly described , she 's not viewed as a villain at all . “ We position Iden as a hero , and we do n't describe the Empire as bad guys , but simply as being on the other side of the conflict . ”
This fresh perspective on familiar events and elements will pick up where Return of the Jedi left off and take players up to the start of The Force Awakens , meaning we 'll witness Iden grow and mature over a 30-year span . The campaign will also incorporate playable hero characters , letting fans , occasionally , fight alongside the rebels as Luke , or swap back to the dark side to wield Kylo Ren 's homebrew lightsaber .
“ We position Iden as a hero , and we do n't describe the Empire as bad guys… ”
The majority of the story mode—which is being crafted by Motive Studios—will , however , see players unleashing Iden 's unique skills on rebel scum . According to Game Director Mark Thompson , they are “ as capable of fighting on the frontlines as they are piloting a TIE fighter . ”
Iden also knows their way around the Empire 's weapons , gadget 's and tech , including a companion droid that 's deployed from them back . The small bot , which looks like a miniature Imperial Probe Droid , can help solve problems and assist in combat situations . It 's also tied for first place with the rideable Tauntons for “ things we 're most excited about in Battlefront 2 . ”
Iden and their robotic buddy can also be upgraded , following a progression path similar to the multiplayer class characters . While the developers guarded gameplay specifics tighter than the Death Star plans , Motive Producer Paola Jouyaux teased that they and their team are “ taking the open , authentic sandbox style DICE is known for , and taking it to single-player. ” When pressed to share how substantial the story mode is compared to the online component , Jouyaux smiled and promised a “ good length . ”
Hungry for more
Battlefront 2 ‘ s official reveal did n't include any hands-on or even a directed gameplay demo , but our time talking to some of its key creators definitely left us craving a session behind the controller . With three separate studios focused on specific aspects of the game , the sequel seems poised to build on what Battlefront got right , while also delivering on some of its unfulfilled potential .
Of course , if too many cooks end up spoiling the broth , we 'll at least have competitive Tauntaun jousting to look forward to when the game lands November 17th .
Oral health is about much more than a nice smile . The FDI World Dental Federation wants to emphasize that good oral health often reflects good general health and well-being . Poor oral health can be the result , as well as the cause , of poor general health .
RELATED STORY : Smile drive underway to provide free dental care for Special Olympics athletes
Tuesday , March 20 is World Oral Health Day . The awareness day was created by the FDI World Dental Federation to spread messages about good oral hygiene practices to adults and children .
A HEALTHY MOUTH
Allows you to speak , smile , eat , drink – and perform other physical functions throughout life – and can also boost social interaction and promote self-esteem
AN UNHEALTHY MOUTH
Can cause discomfort , pain , disease , and can lead to social isolation and lack of self-confidence , as well as lost school or work days
The FDI World Dental Federation says 90 percent of the world 's population will suffer from oral diseases in their lifetime . Oral diseases take many shapes and forms , with the most common being tooth decay and gum disease . If not properly managed , they can negatively impact the rest of your body .
General health conditions can also increase the risk of problems in the mouth . For example , oral diseases are linked with diabetes , heart disease , respiratory disease , and some cancers ; while having diabetes increases the risk of getting gum disease .
PROTECT YOUR MOUTH & BODY
Eat healthy
Do n't use tobacco
Limit alcohol use
Adopt good oral hygiene habits
The FDI World Dental Federation wants you to know it 's never too early to adopt healthy oral habits .
HEALTHY ORAL HYGIENE HABITS
Brush twice a day
Rinse with a fluoride mouthwash or chew sugar-free gum after meals and snacks ( when you ca n't brush )
Clean between your teeth using floss
Have regular dental check-ups
Preventative care is always the best option . Seek early detection and treatment to fight oral diseases and associated general health conditions .
Information in this story was provided by the FDI World Dental Federation . You can learn more about the FDI World Dental Federation online .
Copyright 2018 WAFB . All rights reserved .
It has been 12 years since Rory McIlroy played at Ballyliffin - the host club for this year 's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open Championship .
The former champion admitted they had forgotten how good it was .
A few years ago , Apple was the first big emoji designer to stop rendering the `` pistol '' emoji as a real gun . It went from a revolver to a green squirt gun , and other companies have just started coming around . Twitter and Samsung already made the change , and now it 's Google 's turn . Say goodbye to the revolver and hello to the super soaker .
Google has updated its Noto Color Emoji repository on GitHub with the new emoji . That indicates that Android P will feature the redesigned pistol emoji . It 's orange with a large yellow water reservoir on the top . So , it 's a super soaker , which is even more toy-like than the other squirt gun alternatives we 've seen . You can see below how the Google pistol emoji has changed over the years—my personal favorite was 2013 . Very whimsical .
Some users are fiercely loyal to their emoji . You might remember how hard the loss of the Android blob emoji hit us last year . Some will no doubt point out changing an emoji is a meaningless gesture , but public opinion in 2018 is shifting . It just seems in bad taste to have a realistic gun emoji these days .
Why it matters to you The original Halo Wars is worth a look for Halo fans and strategy gamers , and with a stand-alone release scheduled , there 's never been a better time to get your hands on it .
Halo Wars : Definitive Edition , a remastered version of the 2009 original that was previously only available as a bonus for fans who ponied up for the “ Ultimate Edition ” of this year 's Halo Wars 2 , will get its own stand-alone release this week , Microsoft announced Monday . It hits the Xbox Store , Windows Store , and Steam on Thursday for $ 19.99 .
Microsoft calls Halo Wars : Definitive Edition “ an enhanced version of the original Halo Wars … featuring improved graphics , additional achievements , and includes all of the DLC created for the classic real-time strategy game. ” It also “ runs natively on Xbox One and Windows , ” meaning the game has been fully redone for the newer platforms , not simply ported over in its Xbox 360 form .
Halo Wars : Definitive Edition also gets the benefits of the Xbox Play Anywhere program , where buying the Windows or Xbox versions gets you the game on all available platforms . And on Steam , the game has full support for Steam achievements and a server browser where players can create and host games , as well as search and browse other players ' games .
In a preview in February , Digital Trends reminisced about the original Halo Wars ' release being overlooked by Halo fans at the time : “ In the wake of the impeccable Halo 3 , a Halo without gunplay felt like blasphemy . And if you wanted more , the next mainline entry in the series , Halo 3 : ODST , was only a few months away and would undoubtedly satisfy that craving. ” With the remastered release , Halo Wars is “ an exemplary addition to Microsoft 's cross-buy catalog , ” we wrote .
Halo Wars 2 , the sequel released this year , was a worthy follow-up . In our review , we noted some control issues and microtransaction worries , but judged it overall to be “ a decent real-time strategy game and great fun for Halo fans . ”
LOUISVILLE , Ky. ( AP ) - Quentin Snider scored a season-high 17 points to lead Louisville past Bryant 102-59 in a Gotham Classic matchup on Monday night .
Snider entered the game shooting just 35.1 percent for the season and just 9 of 38 from beyond the 3-point arc . They found their stroke against the Bulldogs as they made 6 of 8 shots , including 4 of 6 3-pointers .
Deng Adel and Anas Mahmoud also scored 17 for the Cardinals ( 7-2 ) , who shot a season-best 55.7 percent . Mahmoud matched a career high and scored all their points in the first half .
In losing their sixth straight , the Bulldogs ( 1-10 ) never led after the opening minute . Still , they managed to keep it close , and cut the Cardinals ' advantage to 31-30 after Sabastian Townes ' layup with 5:09 left in the first half .
Mahmoud 's putback on Louisville 's next possession started a 15-2 run and , from that point , it was all Cardinals . Louisville ended the half making their last eight shots to lead by 16 at the break .
Ikenna Ndugba led the Bulldogs with 17 points .
BIG PICTURE
Bryant : The Bulldogs , who played no one taller than 6-7 , entered the game ranked No . 333 in the country in field goal percentage ( 39.7 percent ) . They had success early on against the much-taller Cardinals , making 12 of their first 21 shots to keep it close .
Louisville : The Cardinals , who played six players 6-7 or taller , eventually used their size to their advantage and notched their biggest margin of victory of the season . They enjoyed a 46-29 rebounding edge , blocked seven shots and outscored the Bulldogs 50-26 in the paint .
UP NEXT
Bryant : The Bulldogs conclude their portion of the Gotham Classic when they host Siena on Sunday . Louisville beat the Saints 86-60 last Wednesday .
Louisville : The Cardinals travel to New York for Saturday 's Gotham Classic main event , where they will face Memphis at Madison Square Garden .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
By RENATA BRITO and STEPHEN WADEAssociated Press
RIO DE JANEIRO ( AP ) - An analysis by The Associated Press shows that the cost of putting on last year 's Rio de Janeiro Olympics was $ 13.1 billion , paid for with a mix of public and private money .
Officials of Brazil 's Public Authority for Olympic Legacy said at a news conference Wednesday , the cost for `` sports-related venues '' was 7.23 billion reals ( $ 2.06 billion ) . In addition , the Rio organizing committee previously said the cost of running the Games at 9 billion reals ( $ 2.8 billion ) .
The Olympic legacy body did not account for other Olympic-related costs . But the AP obtained them in emailed statements from city , state and federal agencies .
Those costs were 26.385 billion reals ( $ 8.2 billion ) for , among other things , a subway line , a doping laboratory , a renovated port and cleanup of polluted Guanabara Bay .
The doping laboratory was paid for by the federal government and cost 163.7 million reals ( $ 50 million ) . A delay-plagued subway line project that was built to connect fans to Olympic Park had a price tag of 9.7 billion reals ( $ 2.98 billion ) . According to a state auditor 's report cited in August , the railway was overbilled by 25 percent .
Another legacy project , the renovation of Porto Maravilha , a run-down historic area in Rio , cost the city 10 billion reals ( $ 4.2 billion ) .
`` Should a country with such inequality as Brazil have hosted such an event with this level of investment , '' federal prosecutor Leandro Mitidieri said . They said it would be difficult to use the Olympic venues in a way that would generate enough income to cover maintenance expenses .
`` It is a challenge and we can see the difficulties , '' they said . `` We recognize the difficulties . ''
Officials presented the report at the Olympic Park in suburban Barra da Tijuca , which now consists of mostly vacant venues . Last month a federal prosecutor said many of the venues were `` white elephants '' that were built with `` no planning . ''
The Rio Olympics , which opened 10 months ago , were plagued by countless financial and organizational problems , and were hosted as Brazil sank into its deepest recession since the 1930s .
The state of Rio de Janeiro has been months late paying teachers , hospital workers , and pensions . The state also reported record-breaking crime in 2016 in almost all categories from homicides to robbery .
The problems around the Rio Games - and the aftermath - have called into question the wisdom of cities building new venues every few years to accommodate an event that lasts just over two weeks .
Paulo Marcio , the head of the Public Authority for Olympic Legacy , talked vaguely about plans to use the venues . The Olympic Park has staged mainly small national or local events .
They did not offer any cost or income figures with most of the Olympic arenas now being operated by Brazil 's federal government . A plan to auction off the venues to private operators failed when only one bidder was reported to be interested .
`` I think that in a short period of time I will be able to deliver this legacy , and we have already been successful , '' they said .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Venture capital firm Benchmark Capital is suing former Uber Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick to force them off the board of the ride-services company and rescind their ability to fill three board seats , according to the lawsuit .
The lawsuit filed Thursday accuses Kalanick of concealing a range of misdeeds from the board and scheming to retain power at the company , even after they resigned as chief executive of Uber Technologies Inc in June following a series of scandals .
The company is currently seeking a new CEO , a search that has proved difficult . Benchmark 's lawsuit marks a rare instance of a Silicon Valley investor suing the central figure at one of its own start-ups .
The well-regarded venture firm was an early investor in Uber and said in the lawsuit that it owns 13 percent of Uber and controls 20 percent of the voting power . Kalanick issued a statement calling the lawsuit `` completely without merit and riddled with lies and false allegations . ''
The statement accused Benchmark of `` acting in its own best interests contrary to the interests of Uber '' and denounced the legal action as a `` transparent attempt to deprive Travis Kalanick of their rights as a founder and shareholder .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Uber 's CEO Steps Down Amid Shareholder Pressure After Multiple Scandals 1:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Uber and Benchmark Capital declined to comment .
Around Silicon Valley , the case surprised many technology investors , who deemed it `` the nuclear option '' for a venture firm . At the $ 68 billion valuation that Uber achieved last year , Benchmark 's stake would be worth almost $ 9 billion .
Bill Gurley , the venture capitalist who led Benchmark 's investment into Uber , was once a mentor to Kalanick and one of their closest confidants . Gurley resigned from Uber 's board in June after they grew increasingly unhappy with Kalanick 's behavior , according to sources close to the situation .
The lawsuit filed in a Delaware court opens another chapter in a saga of woe at Uber that has cast doubt on the future of the world 's most highly valued startup company .
Related : Uber CEO Resigns After Demands From Investors
Uber 's troubles include a trade-secret lawsuit by Alphabet Inc 's Waymo unit that led to the departure of a star engineer and hobbled Uber 's self-driving car program ; sexual harassment allegations that led to a major internal investigation and the dismissal of several top executives ; and alleged misconduct by Kalanick and other executives in handling a rape committed by an Uber driver in India .
In its lawsuit , Benchmark argued that Kalanick was aware of these problems when Uber 's board in 2016 agreed to expand the number of voting directors from eight to 11 , with Kalanick having the sole right to fill those seats .
Benchmark , which still holds one of the seats on the Uber board , said that it never would have given Kalanick the three extra seats if it had known about their `` gross mismanagement and other misconduct at Uber , '' the lawsuit said . Kalanick appointed themselves to one of the seats after they were ousted as CEO , and the other two remain vacant .
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick delivers a speech at the Third Netease Future Technology Conference on June 28 , 2016 in Beijing , China . VCG / Getty Images
Uber is seeking not only a CEO but also a number of other senior executives , and for now is being run by a group of 14 employees . Uber co-founder and Chairman Garrett Camp wrote a letter to employees earlier this week stating that `` Travis is not returning as CEO , '' after reports that Kalanick was hoping to reclaim the top job .
`` The combination of this lawsuit and their co-founder 's statement that he 's not coming back are pretty strong statements , '' said Ben Narasin , a Silicon Valley venture capitalist . `` Put a fork in it . They ( Kalanick ) is done .
`` Benchmark 's lawsuit alleged that Kalanick was scheming to regain power by attempting to `` pack the board . '' The lawsuit seeks an injunction to block Kalanick 's right to appoint new directors , asserting they had agreed to give up those rights when they stepped aside as CEO .
Kalanick 's continued role at the company has complicated the CEO search and scared off some good candidates , according to one Uber investor .
Related : Mass Firing at Uber After Harassment Investigation
Uber 's head of operations , Ryan Graves , one of the company 's first employees and a long-time Kalanick ally , announced earlier Thursday that they would resign from their job at Uber to focus on their role as a board director .
Benchmark 's lawsuit will cause investors to rethink the recent practice of granting founders extensive power over their firms , said Bob Ackerman , founder of venture firm Allegis Capital , which is not an investor in Uber .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Uber CEO Takes Indefinite Leave of Absence 1:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` A lot of sins get overlooked when everything is going right from a financial perspective , '' Ackerman said .
Still , the case could be a tough one for Benchmark to win , said Erik Gordon , an entrepreneurship expert at the University of Michigan 's Ross School of Business .
`` Even if you assume that Kalanick acted outrageously improperly , where was Benchmark when they were acting out ? '' Gordon said . `` Did Benchmark fight tooth and nail against Kalanick 's conduct , or were they willing to put up with it as long as the company 's valuation , and the value of their investment in it , skyrocketed ? ''
The lawsuit was first reported by news website Axios .
A body has been found in the area where crews have been searching for a missing Cincinnati man .
Perry Loh , 45 , was last seen near Lake Carnico , near Carlisle , Kentucky , earlier this month .
Fire Chief James Biddle said search teams had planned to head out to the lake with cadaver dogs today , but a fisherman found a body floating in the water before they arrived , according to WLEX .
The coroner has been called to the scene .
Copyright 2017 WXIX . All rights reserved .
Featured Photo Gallery | See ABOVE PICTURE CAPTION : ( A . ) The Track Shack off Toccoa Avenue in McCaysville offers southern daily specials and grilled ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news . Not yet a subscriber ? Subscribe today
In the aftermath of a crash of a Cessna 421B Golden Eagle , statements made by witnesses to the NTSB actually reveal more than the official probable cause
The NTSB 's narrative report on the crash of a Cessna 421B Golden Eagle in Hammond , Louisiana , on October 14 , 2015 , in which the pilot and passenger were killed , repeats a deficiency we occasionally see in other reports from the agency . It lays out facts and provides a carefully worded probable cause for the accident , while failing to alert us to things investigators discovered that might help others recognize the potential for impending doom and do something about it before it 's too late . One can appreciate that the Safety Board prefers facts to hearsay . However , in this accident , there was some hearsay I think we all should hear . It just might help us recognize when an engine is trying to tell us that something catastrophic is about to happen .
The airplane was going back to Atlanta , Georgia ( KATL ) , after having been flown to Hammond to pick up an employee of a business . The weather at Hammond was solid VFR , with no ceiling and visibility at least 10 miles . A witness , who was an ATP-rated pilot , told investigators that they were at an FBO 's hangar and watched the airplane take off from Runway 31 at Hammond Northshore Regional Airport ( KHDC ) . Runway 31 is 6,502 feet long by 100 feet wide . The witness said that the airplane had climbed to about 100 feet above the pavement by the runway 's midpoint . They said , “ I heard a loud ‘ pop ' occur , followed by slowing of the aircraft 's right engine and right propeller ; the aircraft yawed to the right and the pilot appeared to apply left rudder to return the aircraft to runway heading . ”
The witness continued , “ ... the aircraft began a right turn into the failing engine , which still had a windmilling prop at the time , towards Runway 18 . After they cleared the tree line by approximately 150 feet , they then rolled over and went straight down into the field north of the approach end of Runway 18 . The aircraft impacted the ground in a near vertical attitude followed by a massive explosion and fireball . ”
Another witness was standing on the ramp and observed that the airplane “ ... appeared to be in a VMC situation at which time I saw the right wing drop . The aircraft pitched down about 60 degrees and impacted the ground ; upon impact , the aircraft burst into flames . ”
Up in the tower , the local controller who had cleared the airplane for takeoff saw what was happening and told the ground controller to “ call CFR ( Crash , Fire and Rescue ) , this guy is going down. ” They recalled that just after the pilot had radioed that they were ready for departure , the pilot changed their mind , radioing that they needed a minute . “ I told the pilot to advise when ready for departure , ” they told investigators .
About 30 seconds after 3:39 p.m. , the pilot radioed , “ Hammond tower , Golden Eagle three three foxtrot alpha holding short runway three one , uh , ready to go ... actually , no , we are going to hold short for a moment. ” Just under a minute later , the pilot radioed , “ ... we 're ready to go , three one . ”
The controller instructed the pilot to “ ... fly runway heading , climb and maintain two thousand , runway three one , wind calm , cleared for takeoff . ”
The pilot replied that they were “ ... clear to go , three one , runway heading , Golden Eagle three foxtrot alpha. ” The controller responded , “ ... climb and maintain two thousand , ” and the pilot radioed , “ Roger , sorry about that , climb and maintain two thousand , here we go , rolling three one. ” The controller confirmed , “ roger . ”
At 3:41:46 , the pilot radioed , “ Mayday , mayday , mayday , we got ta come back right away , Golden Eagle three foxtrot alpha. ” The controller replied , “ November three foxtrot alpha , say again. ” There was another transmission from the airplane , but it was unintelligible . The controller radioed , “ November three foxtrot alpha , Runway 18 , wind calm , cleared to land. ” At 3:42:00 , a transmission consisting of the sound of screams was heard on the tower frequency . There were no further radio calls from the airplane .
“ The airplane was fragmented , and had extensive fire damage . The landing gear was retracted . Physical damage was consistent with near-vertical impact . ”
The crash site was about 1,600 feet from the approach end of Runway 18 . The airplane was fragmented , and had extensive fire damage . The landing gear was retracted . Physical damage was consistent with near-vertical impact . Both propellers had separated from the engines . Investigators determined that the right propeller had not been feathered , allowing it to create excessive drag . They said it 's likely the pilot allowed the airspeed to drop below the minimum required to maintain aircraft control which , combined with their failure to feather the right prop and the right turn in the direction of the failed engine , resulted in a loss of airplane control .
Toxicology testing on the pilot was performed by the FAA 's Civil Aerospace Medical Institute in Oklahoma City . It was found that the pilot had used the drugs diphenhydramine and ibuprofen . Diphenhydramine is a sedating antihistamine , which carries a warning that it may impair mental and physical abilities to perform potentially hazardous tasks such as driving and operating heavy machinery . It 's used to treat allergy symptoms and as a sleep aid . Ibuprofen is used to treat pain and fever , and is available over-the-counter . The Safety Board did n't say whether use of these drugs affected the ability of the pilot to respond to the emergency , implying that it feels they did not .
The seven-seat Cessna 421B was powered by two Continental GTSIO-520-F-K engines . The Safety Board identified them as each producing 435 horsepower . The six-cylinder engines were designed with oil sumps holding 12 quarts . Typical speeds at a cruise altitude of FL250 would be 210 to 230 knots , at 65 percent to 75 percent power . An approximately 357 nm trip between Hammond and Atlanta would have taken about one and three-quarter hours , without factoring in anything for wind .
The engines underwent teardown inspections . Nothing was found that would have prevented normal operation of the left engine . When disassembly of the right engine began , investigators noted that all of the cylinders appeared to be new . They found that some of the nuts that were supposed to be tightly holding cylinders to the engine case were , in fact , easily loosened .
Records indicated that all of the cylinders had been replaced at the airplane 's most recent annual inspection , which took place eight months before the accident . The manufacturer 's engine overhaul guidance provides step-by-step instructions when doing cylinder replacement , and specifies the sequence for properly tightening cylinder bolts on the studs that hold things together . The steps tell when , where and in what sequence to use calibrated torque wrenches for applying forces starting at 300 inch-pounds and going all the way up to 700 inch-pounds to be sure bolts will stay put .
Inside the engine , investigators found that the crankshaft was fractured adjacent to the No . 2 main bearing . The bearing was spun , and the surfaces where the halves of the crankcase come together in the area of that bearing showed signs of fretting damage caused by there not being enough force to hold the case halves tightly together .
That discovery was enough for the Safety Board to draft its probable cause for the accident , which was “ ... the loss of right engine power on takeoff due to maintenance personnel 's failure to properly tighten the crankcase through studs during cylinder replacement , which resulted in crankshaft failure . Also causal to the accident were the pilot 's failure to feather the propeller on the right engine and their failure to maintain control of the twin-engine airplane while maneuvering to return to the airport . ”
What must remain in the realm of hearsay is a handwritten statement from four people working at the FBO in Hammond , which handled the 421B . It was written the day after the accident and submitted to investigators . The NTSB elected not to include its contents in the official narrative of what happened , so it does n't have the gravitas of NTSB-endorsed facts . Nevertheless , you may find it as interesting as I did . I 've removed the real names of the people who were the witnesses and signed the statement .
The statement said , “ At approx . 2:40 p.m. , ( the Golden Eagle ) taxied onto our ramp . ( FBO Person # 3 ) parked him . Pilot got out and went to the right engine . ( FBO Person # 3 ) asked the pilot if they needed fuel and the pilot said , ‘ If the oil is okay I will top it off ; if not , no . ' They were on a cell phone while standing by the right engine for several minutes .
“ ( FBO Person # 2 ) noticed white smoke coming from the right engine when passenger arrived . They both ( were ) walking around by the engines . They came inside and told us to put three quarts of 100W50 into right engine and then top the plane off .
“ After ( FBO Person # 3 ) and ( FBO Person # 4 ) put oil in the right engine , ( FBO Person # 4 ) topped four tanks with a total of 50.9 gallons . ( FBO Person # 1 ) walked out to the airplane with pilot and passenger , pulled the chocks and was told they 'd be back Sunday 10/18/15 . ”
The actions of the pilot as reported in the statement seem to indicate they were aware of some sort of problem with the right engine . The smoke seen coming from the engine could have been caused by leaking oil hitting hot engine parts . It 's reasonable to ask , “ If an FBO person saw the smoke , did n't the pilot see it , too ? ”
We do n't know to whom the pilot was talking on their cell phone . It could have been the airplane 's owner or maybe a mechanic . It also could have been a call totally unrelated to the airplane or flight . But , the pilot apparently being seen hovering around the right engine might reflect that they knew something was n't quite right , just as the fact that they delayed takeoff at Hammond for a bit under a minute also makes us wonder what they might have been concerned about .
“ And , the sight of smoke coming out of an engine compartment should be enough to make any pilot wonder whether there 's an oil leak or something that demands attention before taking the airplane aloft again . ”
We do n't know whether the pilot checked the oil level for the right engine before leaving Atlanta . They would have been foolish not to , and we all know that pilots always check the oil during preflight , right ? During a flight like the one from Atlanta , we might expect a healthy engine to use not more than one-fifth of a quart of oil . I 've been told by some mechanics that a high-time engine can burn up to a quart per hour before they 'd pull it from service . But , the pilot asked for three quarts to be added to the right engine after a flight that should have taken under two hours . What would compel them to check the oil after landing , and how else would they know that the right engine needed three quarts ? Did the engine become an oil-burner after receiving new cylinders ? The NTSB report does n't tell us .
I 've heard that some operators of TSIO-520 engines find they 're happy running with eight or nine quarts in the 12-quart sump , sometimes as low as six quarts . The NTSB does n't tell us what was normal for the accident airplane , so we do n't know what portion of the oil in the right engine that the three replacement quarts represents . For the comparatively short flight from Atlanta to Hammond , a loss of three quarts could have been terribly significant . And , the sight of smoke coming out of an engine compartment should be enough to make any pilot wonder whether there 's an oil leak of some sort or something else that demands attention before taking the airplane aloft again . In this Golden Eagle accident , if an FBO employee saw smoke , as reported in the statement that was downplayed by the NTSB , we can assume others did , too .
Had that hearsay information been pursued , and had confirmation and additional facts been obtained , the NTSB might well have added to its probable cause that a contributing factor to this accident was the pilot 's decision to conduct the flight despite obvious warnings of impending engine trouble .
The next time I land and find that my engine is down three quarts of oil , or I see smoke coming from under the cowling , you can bet I 'm going to think of this accident . I 'll recall the hearsay information that surfaced after the accident . And , I 'll likely be staying at my destination longer than planned while I put a mechanic to work finding out what message the engine is trying to send .
Peter Katz is editor and publisher of NTSB Reporter , an independent monthly update on aircraft accident investigations and other news concerning the National Transportation Safety Board . To subscribe , visit www.ntsbreporter.us or write to : NTSB Reporter , Subscription Dept. , P.O . Box 831 , White Plains , NY 10602-0831 .
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
Fred Hoiberg : Rajon Rondo will remain out of rotation
Rajon Rondo is still in exile , and there is no indication when it will end .
Chicago Bulls coach Fred Hoiberg said Monday that Rondo would remain out of the rotation for the team 's next game against New Orleans .
Hoiberg did have praise for Rondo 's professionalism , but nothing has changed with regards to their status .
Hoiberg said MCW will start vs. Hornets . — K.C . Johnson ( @ KCJHoop ) January 2 , 2017
Grant will play backup PG . — K.C . Johnson ( @ KCJHoop ) January 2 , 2017
Hoiberg keeps praising Rondo 's professionalism . And Rondo is smiling , working w/ Grant . But nothing 's changed : Rondo wants out if permanent — K.C . Johnson ( @ KCJHoop ) January 2 , 2017
This will be the third straight game that Rondo will have been benched for at least a part of . They have indicated that if it continues , he 's going to seek a trade . This is n't what they signed up for , and it does n't look as if the situation is going to be changing anytime soon .
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
Parenting used to primarily concern providing love , some structure and meeting the basic needs of children . That was pretty much it . As a child , if I forgot my flute at home , no one was going to bring it to me before band practice ( feel free to call my mother on this one ) . If I got a bad grade on a test , neither of my parents would have considered debating the issue with my teacher . In fact , they probably did n't even know about it . Times were different . Kids were often implored to fend for themselves .
Nowadays , mothers and fathers work hard to prevent children from experiencing any kind of discomfort . Parents are protective by nature , but some consistently intervene to help children avoid any kind of failure . This is an enormous mistake . Children learn from their experiences , but when parents repeatedly butt in on each and every troubling matter , they set children up to have difficulty navigating the real world .
Without realizing it , parents who preempt the lightbulb moment remove the learning opportunity for children . Without realizing it , parents who preempt the lightbulb moment remove the learning opportunity for children .
Failing to allow for consequences for behavior we would like to see changed is akin to promoting it . A teen who sneaks out their bedroom window after dark but experiences no punishment is likely to think that behavior is okay with their folks . What of the child who asks for an extra cookie , is told no , but takes one anyway ? Here 's the lesson they learn : “ To heck with rules , to heck with laws . This is my world , and when I want a chocolate chip cookie , I 'm taking it . Who is going to stop me ? ”
Some parents impose consequences with reckless abandon . They are authoritative in nature and expect an extraordinary level of compliance . When parents take away privilege after privilege , eventually children feel there is nothing left to lose . There is no way to discipline a child who just does n't care anymore .
Take away a teen 's phone , computer , and video game at once and the child might lose all motivation to improve behavior . This is the danger of using consequence too frequently or too harshly . Often , parents who are punishing constantly are also forgetting to reward children for their positive behavior . That 's a double whammy .
The last mistake made by parents is putting forth a consequence that has no impact . If mothers and fathers take something away from the child that has zero emotional value , the child will not feel the impact . Therefore , the consequence will have no effect on curbing future behavior . Outcomes to behavior that are not orchestrated by parents are called natural consequences . Children learn from unpleasant moments .
We have to let our kids fall , scrape , cut , fail , underachieve . We have to let our kids fall , scrape , cut , fail , underachieve .
If you never trip over untied laces , you fail to see the importance to tying them . This sort of lessons —painful , uncomfortable , requisite — help children decide to do it all differently next time . Nothing modifies a child 's behavior more efficiently than natural consequences .
Use Natural Consequences in These Situations
Here are some classic examples of children receiving natural consequences :
A child forgets their homework and receives a zero for the assignment .
A teen leaves the house without a coat in the middle of winter . When the sun sets , they freeze their rear off .
A middle schooler decides to dye their hair blue without permission . They end up with locks the color of seaweed . They hate it , classmates nickname their “ Squid Girl ” and they cry themselves to sleep .
A child protests at dinner because they say they hate meat sauce . This is nonsense — she 's eaten meat sauce a solid 422 times in their life . But fine , no dinner . Mom says they will not have anything until breakfast . The child goes to bed hungry , and the rumbling of an empty stomach keeps them up at night .
Here 's the trouble : Because parents intervene prematurely , children often miss the unpleasantness of their actions . Mom and Dad swoop in to rescue the day . And , to be clear , I understand the impulse . We all want to do a good job parenting . But without realizing it , parents who preempt the lightbulb moment remove the learning opportunity for children . We have to let our kids fall , scrape , cut , fail , underachieve .
Author Catherine Pearlman with their two children .
If parents let children deal with their mistakes , invaluable lessons are learned . The tricky part is allowing children to have the “ oh , crap ” moment . Resist the strong urge to save the day . By using Ignore it ! , parents can learn to tolerate the barrage of begging , whining and negotiating that surely follows when one says , “ No , I wo n't drive you to school because you missed the bus . You will have to walk , ” or when your child insists that you are the meanest parent in town because you refuse to offer an alternative for dinner . Hang tough and Ignore it ! all . By using Ignore it ! , parents can kill two birds with one stone . They will not reinforce the behavior ( not brushing hair ) that resulted of a natural consequence ( hair being cut off ) . Additionally , they will not be reinforcing the response behavior ( whining , arguing , etc . ) .
When You Should n't Let Natural Consequences Play Out
There are three situations where natural consequences can not be used .
It 's not immediate . If the consequence would not be felt by the child immediately , this usually breaks the connection between the action and outcome . Therefore , the child may not learn a lesson from the potential discomfort of an action .
If the consequence would not be felt by the child immediately , this usually breaks the connection between the action and outcome . Therefore , the child may not learn a lesson from the potential discomfort of an action . It 's risky . Natural consequences can not be used when the outcome is dangerous . For example , we ca n't just allow kids play in the street and risk getting hit by a car or allow them to stick their hands in fire . Parents need to take precautions so that children are safe from danger .
Natural consequences can not be used when the outcome is dangerous . For example , we ca n't just allow kids play in the street and risk getting hit by a car or allow them to stick their hands in fire . Parents need to take precautions so that children are safe from danger . It may hurt others . When others might be hurt by the child 's behavior , parents should intervene . If a child decides to take scissors and cuts their little sister 's hair off , who feels the natural consequence ? The little sister , not the hair cutter . Therefore , parents will need to use other kinds of consequences to show the boy they can not cut hair .
Ignore It ! by Catherine Pearlman Penguin Random House / Copyright ( C ) 2017
Adapted from Ignore It ! by Catherine Pearlman with the permission of TarcherPerigee , an imprint of Penguin Random House . Copyright © 2017 by Catherine Pearlman .
Sri Lanka 's prime minister says that Sri Lankan asylum seekers held on Pacific island camps who could potentially settle in the United States are free to return home without fear of persecution .
Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe made the comments on Wednesday during a visit to Australia in which they discussed bilateral cooperation on combating people smuggling . No Sri Lankan asylum seeker has reached Australia by boat since 2013 .
But Sri Lankans , Iranians and Afghans are the largest national groups among more than 2,000 asylum seekers who are kept at Australia 's expense on the Pacific islands nations of Nauru and Papua New Guinea .
Australia refuses to resettle any of them and President Donald Trump has agreed to honor an Obama administration deal to resettle up to 1,250 of them .
Last week , we reported that Dell had become the first major OEM to sell laptops that did n't use the Intel Management Engine . The move was significant , both because of Dell 's size and because the other two PC OEMs that had made similar statements both focus on the Linux market . We 've now had a chance to follow up with the Round Rock company on what it 's offering , and the situation is more complex than it may have initially seemed .
For those just tuning in , the Intel Management Engine is part of the hardware SoC on modern Intel processors . It can be used for a variety of remote administration and system-monitoring tasks , and it runs its own operating system completely outside the control of Windows 10 . Intel has never shared much public information about the IME , but that did n't stop security researchers from disclosing some critical flaws not long ago . In the wake of those disclosures , the IME has come under fire as a fundamentally insecure system . When eagle-eyed customers found the following configuration options under three Dell systems — the Dell Latitude 14 Rugged , the Latitude 15 E5570 , and the Latitude 12 Rugged Tablet , it seemed to confirm that the company was preparing to offer this feature to a wider customer base .
Here 's what Dell told us when we inquired about the company 's future plans for IME-free systems .
Dell has offered a configuration option to disable the Intel vPro Management Engine ( ME ) on select commercial client platforms for a number of years ( termed Intel vPro – ME inoperable , custom order on Dell.com ) . Some of our commercial customers have requested such an option from us , and in response , we have provided the service of disabling the Management Engine in the factory to meet their specific needs . As this SKU can also disable other system functionality it was not previously made available to the general public . Recently , this option was inadvertently offered online as a configuration option for a couple of systems on Dell.com . Customers interested in purchasing this SKU should contact their sales representative as it is intended to be offered as a custom option for a select number of customers who specifically require this configuration .
We followed up with Dell with some additional questions about the Intel Management Engine and what it brings to the table . First , all current Intel Core and Intel Atom-derived systems from Dell ship with the IME enabled . As far as we know , this has been the case for years , both at Dell and at other OEMs . Dell explained that it enables IME because the functionality is an “ integral part of normal system operation. ” This includes configuring system clocks , thermal management , and security features used to ensure code integrity . It also enables DRM video content playback .
Back in 2015 , we covered Windows 10 's then-upcoming PlayReady 3.0 DRM system . One of the points Microsoft made up-front is that DRM compliance required a new hardware security processor and a secure media pipeline implemented within the GPU , and the Intel Management Engine seems to be designed to fit those goals ( even if 4K streaming is confined to Kaby Lake and other chips ) .
Dell also told us that it does n't use the Intel Management Engine for any custom purpose , though some of its commercial products do use Intel 's Active Management Technology ( AMT ) . AMT is only available on PCs that also offer vPro and is used for remote system maintenance .
There are ways to put a laptop into “ High Assurance Mode , ” which was apparently created by Intel for the NSA and locks down any avenue that might be exploited to steal data . It 's also sometimes possible to disable the IME , though this can also brick your system permanently .
One central problem is this : While some individuals might want to buy laptops that they can lock down , these systems are going to be prevented from working properly with various services that use DRM . Despite rumors that AMD might start shipping laptops with the ability to turn off their ARM-derived security processor , this seems similarly unlikely . AMD appears to use its own security chip for secure boot and DRM authentication the same way Intel does , which means any attempt to ship these systems to consumers could create a great deal of confusion . Most buyers care more about streaming 4K video than they do about buying a system that does n't have a feature they 've never even heard of . We have some questions into AMD about this , as we 're aware of some claiming this feature can be disabled in UEFI , but our current understanding is that it ca n't be — not without disabling some significant Windows capabilities in the first place .
This situation is evolving and could change in the future , but for now , no one seems to be making any plans to start shipping Windows laptops publicly advertised as not using IME or AMD 's equivalent , the Platform Security Processor ( PSP ) .
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio , Oh ( 7 ) , Tepera ( 8 ) and Maile ; Rodriguez , Barnes ( 7 ) , B.Johnson ( 9 ) , Kimbrel ( 9 ) and C.Vazquez . W_Rodriguez 6-1 . L_Gaviglio 2-1 . Sv_Kimbrel ( 18 ) . HRs_Toronto , Hernandez ( 8 ) . Boston , Nunez ( 4 ) , Martinez ( 18 ) .
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez , Volstad ( 3 ) , Avilan ( 4 ) , Rondon ( 5 ) , Fry ( 6 ) , N.Jones ( 7 ) , Soria ( 8 ) and Narvaez ; Kluber , Beliveau ( 7 ) , Marshall ( 8 ) , B.Taylor ( 9 ) and Gomes . W_Kluber 8-2 . L_Lopez 1-4 . HRs_Chicago , Sanchez ( 3 ) . Cleveland , Ramirez ( 17 ) , Encarnacion ( 13 ) .
___
Houston 000 020 001—3 7 0 New York 100 022 00x—5 8 1
Keuchel , McHugh ( 6 ) and Stassi ; L.Severino , Dav.Robertson ( 8 ) , A.Chapman ( 9 ) and Romine . W_L.Severino 8-1 . L_Keuchel 3-7 . Sv_A.Chapman ( 12 ) . HRs_Houston , Stassi ( 5 ) .
___
Los Angeles 001 000 000—1 7 0 Detroit 100 005 00x—6 9 0
Ohtani , Bedrosian ( 6 ) , J.Johnson ( 6 ) , Morris ( 8 ) and Maldonado ; Fiers , Jimenez ( 8 ) , Greene ( 9 ) and Greiner . W_Coleman 2-0 . L_Bedrosian 1-1 .
___
Minnesota 001 124 000— 8 11 0 Kansas City 270 000 11x—11 16 0
Romero , Slegers ( 2 ) , Pressly ( 8 ) and B.Wilson ; Keller , Oaks ( 4 ) , B.Smith ( 5 ) , Flynn ( 6 ) , McCarthy ( 7 ) , Hill ( 8 ) , Herrera ( 9 ) and S.Perez . W_McCarthy 4-2 . L_Romero 2-2 . Sv_Herrera ( 12 ) . HRs_Minnesota , Dozier ( 8 ) , Adrianza ( 1 ) . Kansas City , Moustakas ( 12 ) , Soler ( 8 ) , Dozier ( 1 ) .
___
Tampa Bay 013 000 020—6 10 0 Oakland 000 000 000—0 1 4
Eovaldi , Font ( 7 ) , Nuno ( 9 ) and Sucre ; Manaea , Ramirez ( 6 ) , Coulombe ( 8 ) , Hatcher ( 9 ) and Lucroy . W_Eovaldi 1-0 . L_Manaea 5-6 . HRs_Tampa Bay , Refsnyder ( 2 ) , Field ( 5 ) .
___
INTERLEAGUE Washington 001 000 100—2 7 0 Baltimore 000 000 000—0 4 0
Scherzer , Doolittle ( 9 ) and P.Severino ; Hess , M.Castro ( 7 ) , Hart ( 8 ) , Wright Jr. ( 9 ) and Sisco . W_Scherzer 9-1 . L_Hess 2-2 . Sv_Doolittle ( 13 ) . HRs_Washington , Harper ( 18 ) .
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
A.Reyes , Gant ( 5 ) , Lyons ( 7 ) , Tuivailala ( 7 ) and Kelly ; Guerra , Jeffress ( 7 ) , Hader ( 8 ) , Knebel ( 9 ) and Kratz , Pina . W_Jeffress 5-0 . L_Tuivailala 1-1 . Sv_Knebel ( 5 ) . HRs_St . Louis , Bader ( 5 ) . Milwaukee , Yelich ( 7 ) .
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano , W.Peralta ( 6 ) , Hughes ( 7 ) , Garrett ( 7 ) , R.Iglesias ( 8 ) and Barnhart ; Corbin , Salas ( 7 ) , Chafin ( 8 ) , McFarland ( 9 ) and Murphy . W_Romano 3-6 . L_Corbin 5-2 . Sv_R.Iglesias ( 9 ) . HRs_Cincinnati , Schebler ( 6 ) , Duvall ( 10 ) . Arizona , Goldschmidt ( 7 ) , Murphy ( 7 ) .
___
Chicago 100 000 000—1 9 1 Pittsburgh 110 000 00x—2 9 0
Hendricks , R.Rosario ( 6 ) , Mazzoni ( 7 ) , J.Wilson ( 7 ) and Contreras ; Musgrove , Crick ( 8 ) , F.Vazquez ( 9 ) and Cervelli . W_Musgrove 2-0 . L_Hendricks 4-4 . Sv_F.Vazquez ( 10 ) . HRs_Pittsburgh , Harrison ( 2 ) .
___
New York 000 100 111—4 9 1 Atlanta 000 000 100—1 5 0
Vargas , T.Peterson ( 6 ) , Familia ( 8 ) , Gsellman ( 9 ) and Plawecki ; Teheran , Carle ( 8 ) , S.Freeman ( 8 ) , Socolovich ( 9 ) and Suzuki . W_Vargas 2-3 . L_Teheran 4-3 . Sv_Gsellman ( 2 ) . HRs_Atlanta , Camargo ( 4 ) .
___
San Francisco 020 220 010—7 11 0 Colorado 310 000 000—4 11 0
Holland , Moronta ( 6 ) , Watson ( 7 ) , S.Dyson ( 8 ) , Strickland ( 9 ) and Posey ; Gray , Musgrave ( 4 ) , Oberg ( 6 ) , McGee ( 8 ) , Rusin ( 9 ) and Wolters . W_Holland 3-6 . L_Musgrave 0-1 . Sv_Strickland ( 11 ) . HRs_Colorado , Arenado ( 11 ) .
___
Miami 000 200 000—2 4 1 San Diego 000 100 002—3 6 0
Urena , Steckenrider ( 7 ) , Barraclough ( 8 ) , Ziegler ( 9 ) and Realmuto ; Richard , Strahm ( 8 ) and Lopez . W_Strahm 1-2 . L_Ziegler 0-5 . HRs_Miami , Castro ( 3 ) . San Diego , Reyes ( 4 ) .
By The Associated Press
Mike Tirico will take over as play-by-play announcer for Notre Dame football games on NBC this season , joining analyst Doug Flutie .
Tirico replaces Dan Hicks , who did Fighting Irish games for the past four seasons . Hicks will still be part of NBC Sports ' golf coverage and next year 's Winter Olympics . Last season , Tirico filled in for Hicks on three Notre Dame games . Tirico will also call NBC 's Thursday night NFL games this season .
Flutie , the 1984 Heisman Trophy winner for Boston College , is entering their third season doing Irish games . Kathryn Tappen will be the sideline reporter for a fourth season .
NBC also announced Monday that former Texas quarterback Chris Simms , the son of former quarterback and NFL analyst Phil Simms , is joining the Notre Dame broadcasts as a studio analyst .
More AP college football : http : //collegefootball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
PHOTOS : Dino Melaye Taken to Hospital After Escape Attempt
A Senator representing Kogi State , Dino Melaye has been taken to the hospital after injuring himself . The Senator who was taken into custody earlier today allegedly tried to escape from the vehicle that was transporting them to Abuja and in the process injured himself . Melaye was taken to Zankli hospital in the Mabushi [ … ]
The post PHOTOS : Dino Melaye Taken to Hospital After Escape Attempt appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A day ahead of a high-profile special election in Georgia , President Donald Trump inserted themselves in the race with a sharp attack on the top Democratic candidate .
On Twitter Monday , Trump criticized Jon Ossoff , who is leading a crowded field of candidates in the race to replace former Rep. Tom Price , who stepped down to become the president 's Secretary of Health and Human Services .
`` The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal [ sic ] race tomorrow wants to protect criminals , allow illegal immigration and raise taxes ! '' Trump tweeted .
Ossoff responded with a statement , `` While I 'm glad the President is interested in the race , they are misinformed . I 'm focused on bringing fresh leadership , accountability , and bipartisan problem-solving to Washington to cut wasteful spending and grow metro Atlanta 's economy into the Silicon Valley of the South . ''
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ossoff : 'Grassroots Organizers ' Are True Dem Party Leaders autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Ossoff is hoping to break 50 percent in Tuesday 's unusual all-party primary . If they fall short of that threshold but still comes in first , the Democrat will face off against the second-place finisher , who most likely will be a Republican , in a June runoff . If there 's a runoff , Ossoff would be seen as the underdog in the conservative district .
Recent polls show Ossoff running several percentage points below the 50 % threshold .
Trump 's unpopularity made this race competitive and he 's loomed over it since picking Price to join their Cabinet late last year . Many are watching the race closely as a early indicator of potential anti-Trump Democratic wave in next year 's midterm elections .
Related : Trump 's shadow looms over the special election
Georgia 's 6th Congressional District , a stretch of wealthy and highly educated suburbs North of Atlanta , is a traditional Republican stronghold . But Trump only narrowly won the district in November after Mitt Romney had carried by over 20 percentage points in 2012 . It 's not hard to find local Republican voters displeased with Trump 's presidency so far .
That 's caused most of the 11 Republican candidates in the race to steer clear of Trump , keenly aware of their low approval ratings .
Ossoff too has mostly stopped talking about Trump , to whom they owe so much of their success .
The 30-year-old first-time-candidate kicked off their campaign with a fundraising plea to `` Make Trump Furious '' and went on to raise a record-shattering $ 8.3 million in the first three months of the year . Over 90 % of that came from outside district as liberals across the country contributed to their campaign as a way to fight Trump .
But the anti-Trump message got Ossoff only so far , so they have switched to a nonpartisan message of pragmatism that they hope will make conservative-leaning independents and soft Republicans feel comfortable voting for a Democrat .
National Republicans have responded by trying to portray Ossoff as Nancy Pelosi `` yes man '' and left-wing radical to prevent those same voters from switching sides .
In that sense , Trump 's tweet is on-message and may be cheered by even Trump-skeptical Republicans for using their large megaphone to inject that message into the bloodstream the day before the critical vote .
HELENA , Mont . — A fossil found by an elk hunter in Montana nearly seven years ago has led to the discovery of a new species of prehistoric sea creature that lived about 70 million years ago in the inland sea that flowed east of the Rocky Mountains .
The new species of elasmosaur is detailed in an article published Thursday in the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology . Most elasmosaurs , a type of marine reptile , had necks that could stretch 18 feet , but the fossil discovered in the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge is distinct for its much shorter neck — about 7½ feet .
`` This group is famous for having ridiculously long necks , I mean necks that have as many as 76 vertebrae , '' said Patrick Druckenmiller , co-author of the article and a paleontologist with the University of Alaska Museum of the North . `` What absolutely shocked us when we dug it out — it only had somewhere around 40 vertebrae . ''
This July 14 , 2011 provided by the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Services shows fragments of bone protruding from the top edge of this piece of shale are several plesiosaur vertebrae at the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge , Mont . Marcus Hockett / AP
The smaller sea creature lived around the same time and in the same area as the larger ones , which is evidence contradicting the belief that elasmosaurs did not evolve over millions of years to have longer necks , co-author Danielle Serratos said .
Elasmosaurs were carnivorous creatures with small heads and paddle-like limbs that could grow as long as 30 feet . Their fossils have been discovered across the world , and the one discovered in northeastern Montana was well-preserved and nearly complete .
The refuge adjacent to the Missouri River is popular with hunters for its big game and remote setting .
David Bradt , a ranch manager from Florence , Montana , said they were hunting elk unsuccessfully in November 2010 when they walked into a canyon to splash some water on theirs face .
In the creek , the water ran over what they thought was petrified wood sticking out of a rock . They pulled back the brush , saw vertebrae and knew it was fossilized bones .
They thought it was a dinosaur and was floored when they learned it was a sea creature .
`` It 's about the size of a cow , and I 'm thinking it 's a triceratops , '' they said . `` I did n't know there was an ocean there . ''
Bradt took photographs and reported the find to the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service and the Museum of the Rockies in Bozeman .
It took three days to excavate the fossil , but much longer to clean and study it before the determination could be made that it was a new species , Druckenmiller said .
They said the inland sea that stretched the width of Montana to Minnesota and from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico was teeming with marine reptiles , but relatively few of their fossils have been excavated .
`` It 's a total bias — just more people out there are interested in land-living dinosaurs than marine reptiles , '' they said . `` There would be a lot more known if more people were studying them . ''
Blustery snow , sleet and ice can make visibility almost nonexistent in some winter conditions . Although properly working wipers are a must year round , they are especially important when visibility is limited and road conditions are poor . Technicians working in areas with harsh winter conditions should make it a point to educate their customers and inspect their wipers at this time of year to verify their vehicles are suited to handle anything that comes their way .
Here are some tips for talking to your customers about winter wipers :
When to Know Wipers Need to Be Changed
Most wiper manufacturers recommend a replacement interval every 6-12 months , but wiper life can vary greatly depending on the region of the country and the conditions under which the vehicle is operated . Exposure to intense sunlight and heat can expedite the degradation process , as can exposure to dirt and debris . A quick visual inspection can help you spot any tears or cracks in the rubber that signal it 's time for replacement .
Wipers that chatter , screech or skip on the windshield should also be changed . Additionally , wipers that leave streaks should immediately be replaced . Using damaged wipers during winter can be especially perilous since they do n't remove snow and ice as efficiently as new wipers . Using damaged wipers in the winter can also expedite the degradation process , leaving the customer 's windshield open to damage . If the blade starts to separate from the backing in any way , exposure to snow and ice can exacerbate the problem and cause the arm to scratch the windshield , which can result in a costly windshield replacement .
Protecting Wipers Throughout the Season
You want to make sure your customers ' wipers are functioning properly when they need them most . Always remind your clients that they can extend the life of their wipers by using a snow brush to clear off all accumulated snow and ice before getting in their cars . They can also prevent their wipers from getting stuck on the windshield when the vehicle is sitting by pulling the blades away from the car . While taking an extra minute to brush off their vehicles might result in your clients having cold fingers and toes , it is better than damaging the blades and stressing the wiper motor . This goes for both the front and rear windshields . Additionally , always remind your customers to replace both of their blades even if only one is damaged , as uniform wear is key for optimal performance .
A Word on Different Wiper Types
There are some notable differences in the construction of wipers that your customers should know about . Traditional bracket-style wipers have a metal arm that connects to a separate blade at several points . These are more commonly found on older vehicles , and their construction can open the door to ice and snow accumulation that settles between the blade and the bracket . If your customers have this type of blade , they may have to clear the debris before driving to prevent streaking .
Beam blades are more common on newer cars . These blades house the metal arm inside the blade itself , minimizing the areas where snow and ice can build up . Beam blades may also work better in winter conditions since there are no contact points pressing the arm into the blade , which may make for more uniform pressure on the windshield .
Hybrid blades are similar in some respects to the traditional bracket-style wiper , but have a more low-profile design protected by an outer covering that helps minimize potential accumulation . Both hybrid and beam blades can make for less visibility problems in colder weather , and can be suitable replacements for your customers ; however , the best wiper for your customers ' vehicles can largely depend on the make and model .
Why Focus on Wipers
Selling wipers might not seem like a high priority in your shop since they 're not a high-ticket item , but making sure your customers are prepared for wintery conditions is a small way to build trust in your business . Showing your customers that you 're truly concerned about their wellbeing — rather than just how much they 're spending — can go a long way in enticing customers to keep coming back regardless of whether you have the lowest prices in town or not .
Share
Google Play Instant was launched last year as a way for developers to bring a native app experience to users without those users having to install anything . In other words , all users had to do was hit a link within search results , and the “ app ” would load on their phone — then it would disappear from their device when they exited the app . Now , Google is extending that service to games .
Discovering new Instant games is actually pretty easy . Simply head to the Google Play Games app , head to the “ Arcade ” tab and hit the “ Play ” button on a game you would like to try . There , you will also be able to see things like news and YouTube videos related to the game . You can also head to the Google Play Store and hit the “ Try now ” button . Not all games support the new feature — at launch , you will be able to try Clash Royale , Words With Friends 2 , Panda Pop , and more .
According to TechCrunch , Google had to make a few changes to Instant apps for it to make sense for games . For starters , it had to increase the limit of Instant from two megabytes to 10 , which makes sense considering the fact that games just require a little more juice . For those that have reasonably decent internet connections and modern phones , those 10-megabyte apps should still load relatively quickly and function perfectly fine .
In general , the feature is clearly aimed at encouraging users to try more apps — and ultimately buy or download the apps that they like . People prefer being able to “ try before they buy , ” and often that “ in-app purchases ” label can scare potential downloaders away .
As time goes on , we will likely see more Instant apps and games . It offers a clear advantage for developers , who have more of an opportunity to introduce their apps to users without those users having to commit to downloading an app , and it offers an advantage to users , who can try apps before they download them . For now , the project is a closed beta , however , Google will be opening it up to more developers later this year , so expect to start seeing that “ Try now ” button more and more often .
UNION TOWNSHIP , Pa. ( WYTV ) – A man from New Castle was charged with aggravated assault after police say they fought with a Pennsylvania State Police trooper .
According to a police report , the incident began at a local tavern where police were called to a disturbance involving Mark Reno , 52 , of New Castle .
When officers arrived , Reno had left the bar and went home . Police went to their house on Crestwood Drive to question them when they said they became irate and started fighting with a trooper .
Police said a struggle ensued and Reno kicked the trooper several times and attempted to get a friend at the house to retrieve a handgun . The friend did not get the gun .
The trooper sustained minor injuries .
Reno was charged with aggravated assault on a police officer , making terroristic threats , simple assault and resisting arrest . They are being held in the Lawrence County Jail on $ 50,000 bond .
There has been worldwide amazement that Toronto Police did not shoot the suspect in Monday 's vehicular attack .
They had left a street strewn with bodies and was wielding an object that they claimed was a firearm . Nevertheless , Const . Ken Lam not only arrested them without using lethal force , but did it without waiting for backup .
Seven months ago , when a 30-year-old man perpetrated a similar vehicular attack in downtown Edmonton — which injured four , in addition to the stabbing of a police officer — they too are apprehended without a single shot being fired .
Both events speak to a pattern : Canadian police are very good at not shooting people .
“ Policing in Canada is not policing in America … the police in Canada use force with incredible infrequency , ” said Joel Johnston , a veteran Vancouver Police officer and former use-of-force co-ordinator for the province of British Columbia .
A recent CBC analysis found that between 2000 and 2017 , 461 people were killed as a result of interactions with police in Canada . Of those deaths , 70 per cent were caused by gunshots — or about 19 police shooting deaths per year .
In the United States by contrast , an average of 982 people per year have been shot and killed by police since 2015 , according to The Washington Post . Even given the larger population , that 's a per capita rate of police shootings seven times higher than in Canada .
Canada 's far lower rate of gun crime certainly plays a role , but Johnston credits police training programs that prioritize de-escalation over confrontation . “ ( Canadian police ) are trained to try and calm folks down , ” they said .
This was notably on display in Monday 's arrest when , soon after arriving on scene , Const . Lam turned off the siren on their police cruiser so that the suspect could better hear their commands . “ If you ca n't physically communicate with someone , the process does n't move forward , ” said Johnston .
Christian Leuprecht , a crime policy researcher at both Queen 's University and the Royal Military College , said that from available video of Monday 's arrest it is immediately clear that the officer did not believe they were facing someone holding a real firearm .
“ I get the sense that ( the officer ) assessed the risk to be low , ” they said , adding that the officer appeared to be very experienced with such standoffs . “ This is not their first time at the rodeo . ”
In a normal encounter with an armed suspect , a police officer is trained to crouch behind the engine block of their or their cruiser , thus ensuring that any bullets will be absorbed by the thickest part of the vehicle . Instead , video footage shows that the responding officer took an exposed position in front of the suspect .
Johnston noted that it 's difficult to use grainy video to gauge what Const . Lam would have been able to see — a rule they say should apply equally in controversial videos involving alleged instances of excessive force .
“ When people look at video , they do n't know what they do n't know , ” they said .
Toronto Police have provided few details as to what guided the officer 's actions on Monday , with Chief Mark Saunders telling a press conference it was due to “ the high-calibre training that takes place . ”
Police are indeed trained to quickly distinguish between guns and other objects . In fact , the Toronto Police museum , housed on the first floor of Toronto Police Service headquarters , includes an interactive exhibit on the mechanics of split-second gun identification .
Leuprecht noted that Const . Lam took their time to walk back and forth across the scene before deciding to make an arrest . “ He spends a good minute assessing the situation , ” they said . At one point , they even back away from the suspect to give themselves more space .
This is n't to say the constable was n't entering a potentially deadly situation . The suspect could have been wearing an explosive vest or there could have been explosives in the van . It 's also within the realm of possibility that the suspect could have been holding an unconventional or makeshift firearm .
At similar vehicular ramming attacks in Europe and Israel , perpetrators have often jumped from the car to continue the attack using guns or bladed weapons .
“ If you 're responding to a guy who just mowed down 10 people , you could die on that call , ” said Leuprecht .
Given the circumstances , it would have been considered well within procedure if the responding officer had simply contained the suspect from a distance and waited for Toronto 's SWAT-like Emergency Task Force to conduct the arrest .
Close inspection of the video , though , shows Const . Lam gradually becoming more confident in front of the suspect , until they ultimately see an opening to perform the arrest himself . With unaware pedestrians only steps away from the scene , it was obviously preferable to get the suspect in handcuffs as quickly as possible .
Several aspects of the attacker 's behaviour might have outed them as being someone who could be approached without the use of lethal force , according to experts contacted by the National Post .
Notably , unlike most terrorist suspects , they repeatedly performed furtive movements in an apparent attempt to draw a lethal response from the officer . “ Shoot me in the head , ” they said at one point .
“ I look at that situation and I do not believe that this individual 's motive was terror-oriented , ” said Nir Maman , managing director with the Canadian Tactical Officers ' Association . “ His actions are very , very indicative of a phenomenon called ‘ suicide by cop . ' ”
In a video shot from above , documenting the final moments before Const . Lam takes hold of the suspect , it even appears as if the officer holsters their firearm and deploys an expandable baton instead .
Video from Yonge and Finch at Toronto pic.twitter.com/YvS8GcJ8pg — Vince ( @ vce7 ) April 23 , 2018
“ At that point , I would say that becomes a moment when the officer is explicitly able to identify that the object was not in fact a firearm , ” said Maman .
As per standard training , Canadian police are instructed to carefully pair their “ use of force ” with the situation they 're facing . This would explain why the officer immediately swapped a gun for a baton upon confirming they were facing a less threatening situation . “ That is all training-based , ” said Maman .
Although Monday 's arrest has been hailed as an example of humane policing , there are also strategic reasons to capture an attacker alive .
Leuprecht noted that within hours of the attack , public safety minister Ralph Goodale was able to confirm it was not part of a co-ordinated terrorist plot .
This obviously would have been much harder to verify if police had only a bullet-riddled body next to a Ryder van .
• Twitter : TristinHopper | Email : thopper @ nationalpost.com
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox . SIGN UP
The advent of the smartphone was a key development in the technological evolution of our species . What used to be relegated to entire rooms and even buildings can now fit snugly in our pockets , giving each person the potential to access massive amounts of information from the palm of their hand .
This evolution has not reached its apex , however , as continuing innovations are allowing for more and more capabilities for the technology . With the help of some researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , we can now even replace medical labs with technology optimized by a smartphone .
The relatively inexpensive system known as the spectral transmission-reflectance-intensity ( TRI ) -Analyzer costs only $ 550 . The device uses light and spectral analyses to do many of the most common laboratory tests . “ Our TRI Analyzer is like the Swiss Army knife of biosensing , ” says Brian Cunningham , the Donald Biggar Willett Professor of Engineering and director of the Micro + Nanotechnology Lab at Illinois .
Mobilizing Lab Tech
Given the device 's capabilities , it is able to adapt to perform a wide variety of tests without the need for a dedicated laboratory . Any test that utilizes a liquid that changes color or generates a light output ( think fluorescent dyes ) can be run on this device hooked up to a smartphone . “ Our Analyzer can scan many tests in a sequence by swiping the cartridge past the readout head , in a similar manner to the way magnetic strip credit cards are swiped , ” said Kenny Long , an MD/Ph.D . student and lead author of the research study .
Technology like this device will go a long way in bringing much needed medical access to areas that need it most . Coupling the inexpensive cost with mobility make this device an invaluable tool in serving the people living in underdeveloped regions all over the world . With the help of science and technology , we are taking the lab out of the hospital and , quite literally , putting it into the hands of people who now have the power to save and change lives .
This article was originally published on Futurism .
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM
Your Video Begins in : 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 This Is the History of the Internet 00:03:28
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - A Golden Alert has been issued for a missing man in Louisville .
Charles Morris , 68 , has dementia . They walked away from Norton Healthcare Pavilion at 315 E. Broadway about 5 p.m. Monday and is believed to be on foot .
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ WAVE 3 News app
+ WAVE 3 Storm Tracker app
+ Inside The Rail app
Morris is 5'11 '' and weighs about 250 lbs .
Anyone with information on their whereabouts should call 911 or the Louisville Metro Police Department at 502-574-LMPD ( 5673 ) .
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ 'Armed and dangerous ' man sought in KY
+ Vandals nearly destroy historic church
+ New chaplains serve Hispanic workers at Churchill Downs
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
Federal prosecutors are opposing Paul Manafort 's request to be released from house arrest on bail , citing their recent efforts to co-write an opinion piece about their work in Ukraine with a person believed to have ties to Russian intelligence — and to publish the piece anonymously .
Prosecutors filed an objection in federal court Monday that said , `` Manafort worked on the draft with a long-time Russian colleague of Manafort 's , who is currently based in Russia and assessed [ by U.S. officials ] to have ties to a Russian intelligence service . ''
The filing asserted that if the article were published , it would violate the judge 's gag order prohibiting both sides from making statements about the case .
An court drawing of former Trump 2016 campaign chairperson Paul Manafort appears in the U.S. Federal Court during their arraignment on twelve federal charges . Reuters
Manafort 's attorney filed a response Thursday denying that the publication would violate the gag order . `` In the Special Counsel 's view , '' wrote lawyer Kevin Downing , `` Mr. Manafort is apparently never allowed to set the factual record straight . ... They must simply remain silent while their reputation is battered . ''
Downing 's filing said that Oleg Voloshyn , a former spokesperson for Ukraine 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , was working with Manafort on the piece , which was intended for publication in the Kyiv Post . It did not address whether Voloshyn was the unnamed individual in the prosecutors ' objection , or the objection 's reference to an alleged tie to Russian intelligence . The New York Times reported that the prosecution was referring to Konstantin Kilimnik , who worked with Manafort in Ukraine .
Prosecutors have obtained a draft of the opinion piece and have filed it under seal with the court . Voloshyn gave Talkingpointsmemo.com what they said was a draft of the piece , which the site published .
Manafort , President Donald Trump 's former campaign chairperson , was indicted by a federal grand jury in October on seven charges , including failing to disclose their lobbying efforts on behalf of a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine .
Related : Manafort , Gates charged with conspiracy in Mueller investigation
The indictment was part of the federal investigation into possible ties between Trump 's campaign and Russia led by special counsel Robert Mueller . Manafort has pleaded not guilty .
Manafort and their co-author were writing the opinion piece as recently as Nov. 30 , according to the prosecutors ' filing . Manafort had planned to publish the article anonymously in an unnamed publication , according to prosecutors .
Mary Persons head coach Brian Nelson did n't see their defense 's game-saving play Friday night against Upson-Lee .
But when Nelson saw their defenders running off the field and one of them was holding the ball , they knew something good must have happened .
It most certainly did .
Antoine Davis ' interception at the 1-yard line with four seconds left sealed Mary Persons ' 28-21 win in a wild and crazy GHSA Region 2-4A game .
The Bulldogs improve to 5-2 overall and 2-0 in the region , while the Knights fell to 3-3 overall in their region opener .
Three who mattered
J.T . Hartage : The Bulldogs ' junior quarterback completed 19-of-29 passes for 289 yards and four touchdown passes .
Deadrek Alford : The Mary Persons wide receiver caught nine passes for 164 yards and a touchdown .
Ladamion Sands : Sands had two catches , but both of them went for 13-yard touchdowns , including the game-winner with 7:40 to play .
Observations
Short field : With the game tied at 21 , Mary Persons got the ball back after an Upson-Lee punt and a personal foul penalty at the Knights ' 20 . The Bulldogs took six plays to regain the lead on Hartage 's second touchdown pass to Sands .
Tough sledding : Upson-Lee 's monstrous defensive front made things tough on the Bulldogs ' running game , which managed just 81 yards on 30 carries .
Worth mentioning
Strange happenings : Mary Persons ran six plays for 68 yards ( including a 62-yard scoring pass ) in the second quarter and scored 14 points . The Bulldogs ran 20 plays for 134 yards in the third quarter and scored no points .
They said it
Mary Persons head coach Brian Nelson on Hartage 's play : “ He threw it exceptionally well , but they 've got a tough front seven , and it was going to be hard to run the ball against them , so some things opened up in the passing game . We had a couple of other things that were there , and we just could n't finish the play off . ”
Nelson on Davis ' interception : “ I was over here , and I was blocked by everything . I was like , ‘ What happened ? What happened ? Who did what ? ' The next thing you know , they 're running off the field , so I guess something good happened . I 'll have to see it on tape . ”
What 's next ?
Mary Persons hosts West Laurens on Oct. 20 .
Share
The hatchback segment in the United States has historically been small . You 're much more likely to see one while traveling in Europe , and automakers tend to abandon the segment to focus on crossovers . However , that does n't mean there are n't great options to choose from on our side of the pond .
For many buyers , a hatchback is appealing because it 's often more practical than a traditional sedan , sportier to drive than a crossover , and more compact than either , meaning it 's easier to park in tight spaces . Are you ready to say goodbye to your sedan and try something new ? Check out the best hatchbacks currently on the market , hand-picked by Digital Trends ' car experts .
Volkswagen Golf
The best
Why should you buy this : The Golf ticks every box in the mainstream hatchback segment .
Who 's it for : Anyone who just needs a car .
How much will it cost : $ 20,910+
Why we picked the Volkswagen Golf :
The Volkswagen Golf has n't been the best-selling car in Germany for decades by accident . Now well into its seventh generation , Volkswagen 's most popular nameplate continues to offer one of the best interiors in its class , a generous amount of trunk space , and agile handling at an attractive price point .
The Golf speaks tech , too . All but the lowest trims come with a state-of-the-art infotainment system displayed on a color touch screen , and the list of options includes driving aids such as a lane departure warning system , forward collision warning , and adaptive cruise control . You can even get a digital instrument cluster , which is normally found on much more expensive cars .
Volkswagen offers several variants of the Golf . Buyers in select states can pick up an all-electric model called the e-Golf capable of driving for up to 125 miles on a single charge . At the other end of the spectrum , the iconic GTI is one of the very best hot hatches money can buy . Finally , the Golf R tugs at the heartstrings of speed aficionados with a 300-horsepower turbo four and all-wheel drive .
Mini Hardtop
Best premium hatchback
Why should you buy this : Cheap it ai n't , but it 's hard to beat in terms of style and handling .
Who 's it for : Those willing to pay more to get more .
How much will it cost : $ 21,900+
Why we picked the Mini Hardtop :
The Mini Hardtop embodies the concept of form over function . It wears a retro-chic design inspired by the original Mini introduced in England all the way back in 1959 . It 's much bigger than its truly Lilliputian predecessor though , and it uses time-tested mechanical components borrowed from the BMW parts bin .
Do n't let its humble roots fool you , the Mini is far from an economy car . It boasts a surprisingly spacious cabin built using premium materials , and it 's offered with features you 'd usually find on cars positioned in the next segment up . Notably , buyers can deck out the Hardtop with a moon roof , parking sensors on both ends , a head-up display , rain-sensing wipers , and adaptive cruise control , however these options do inflate the price significantly .
The lineup includes several variants , including two- and four-door hatchbacks and a range-topping John Cooper Works model tuned to pump out 228 ponies .
Chevrolet Bolt EV
Best electric hatchback
Alex Kalogianni/Digital Trends
Why should you buy this : With the Bolt , you 'll never have to stop for gas again .
Who 's it for : Eco-conscious motorists .
How much will it cost : $ 37,495+
Why we picked the Chevrolet Bolt EV :
The Bolt is Chevrolet 's first mass-produced electric vehicle . It 's not the only electric hatchback on the market , but it 's one of the few that 's not designed as a compliance car to satisfy California 's draconian clean air regulations . Simply put , it 's better engineered than most .
Sold all across the nation , the Bolt is capable of driving for up to 238 miles on a single charge , which places it well ahead of the Nissan Leaf . Plugging it into a 240-volt charger replenishes about 25 miles of driving per hour , though using a fast charger yields 90 miles of range in about 30 minutes .
Drivetrain aside , the Bolt excels as a hatchback ; it 's a good car that just happens to run on a large battery . Its low trunk floor can accommodate a grocery trip 's worth of bags , and even taller drivers can comfortably drive it on a daily basis . An elegant-looking cabin and a whisper-quiet ride remind the passengers that they 're not burning gasoline to get to their destination .
Read our full Chevrolet Bolt EV review
Subaru Impreza
Best all-wheel drive hatchback
Jeff Zurschmeide/Digital Trends
Why should you buy this : Subaru 's time-tested all-wheel drive system make the Impreza more capable than many crossovers .
Who 's it for : Winter warriors .
How much will it cost : $ 18,495+
Why we picked the Subaru Impreza :
The Impreza is gifted with Subaru 's well-regarded permanent all-wheel drive system . It 's certainly no off-roader , but it tackles harsh winter conditions with the kind of aplomb that many of its rivals can only dream of . To sweeten the deal , all-wheel drive is included in the price on all trim levels .
The Impreza 's cabin is a basic but pleasant place to travel in . It 's spacious , well-built , and its Starlink infotainment system is one of the more straight-forward units on the market . There is virtually no learning curve involved .
The trade-off is that the Impreza 's flat-four engine lacks a bit of oomph . It 's consequently not as brisk as other hatchbacks on the market , and the four-cylinder eagerly makes its presence known in the cabin , especially at higher revs . Still , if you routinely drive on snow or ice , the Impreza should be at the top of your list .
Read our Subaru Impreza first drive impressions
Porsche Panamera
Best luxury hatchback
Why should you buy this : It 's a Porsche that lets you hug curves with the whole family .
Who 's it for : Connoisseurs who need four seats .
How much will it cost : $ 85,000+
Why we picked the Porsche Panamera :
Who says a hatchback needs to be cheap ? The Porsche Panamera probably is n't what comes to mind when the term “ hatchback ” meanders its way into a conversation , but it certainly qualifies as one . The cargo compartment is accessed via a roof-hinged door , not a lid that flips up .
The Panamera drives like a Porsche , it accelerates like one , and this time around it finally looks like one ; it 's almost a four-door 911 , minus the rear-mounted engine , of course . The treatment continues inside , where it feels like a coupe until you look back and notice it has rear doors .
Porsche offers numerous variants of the Panamera , including V6- , V8- , and hybrid-powered variants . All offer above-par dynamism and a five-star interior .
Read our Porsche Panamera first drive impressions
Volkswagen Golf R
Best hot hatch
Why should you buy this : The hottest Golf perfects the concept of a hot hatch .
Who 's it for : Grown-up enthusiasts seeking performance without compromising versatility .
How much will it cost : $ 39,785+
Why we picked the Volkswagen Golf R :
With about 300 hp from a 2.0-liter turbo four , the all-wheel drive Golf R is an impressive car on paper . It 's even more so on a twisty back road , where it delights with a responsive engine and scalpel-sharp handling . It packs enough power to let the driver have a blast behind the wheel , but not enough to be intimidating or overwhelming .
We also like that it 's low-key . Volkswagen 's design department refrained from fitting silly wings and ostentatious spoilers . It 's not the kind of car that 's going to draw unwanted attention everywhere it goes . Even the exhaust note is surprisingly restrained .
There are other great hot hatches in the Golf R 's segment ; the Ford Focus RS has proven itself a worthy adversary , for example . It feels like it just came out yesterday yet Ford has already announced the end of the production run . The Golf R is available all the time , all over the nation .
Honda Fit
Best subcompact hatchback
Bradley Iger/Digital Trends
Why should you buy this : The Honda Fit proves basic transportation does n't have to feel like a life sentence .
Who 's it for : Folks who think size matters , and smaller is better .
How much will it cost : $ 16,190+
Why we picked the Honda Fit :
The Honda Fit is one of the most practical small hatchbacks on the market today . It 's tiny enough to meander through even the narrowest streets , but it hauls lengthy and bulky items with ease thanks to a cleverly-packaged interior .
It defies the label “ econobox ” with a modern-looking interior built using materials that are nice to touch and look at . It 's surprisingly roomy , too ; four adults can ride in the Fit without feeling cramped .
The Fit uses a 1.5-liter four-cylinder engine that makes 130 hp . That 's decent for the segment , but more impressive is its fuel economy , which checks in at up to 41 mpg on the highway . As an all-arounder , the Fit is hard to beat .
Read our full 2018 Honda Fit review
How We Test
The Digital Trends automotive team tests vehicles through a comprehensive scrutinizing process . We examine the qualities of the exterior and interior and judge them based on our expertise and experience in the context of the vehicle 's category and price range . Entertainment technology is thoroughly tested as well as most safety features that can be tested in controlled environments .
Test drivers spend extensive time behind the wheel of the vehicles , conducting real-world testing , driving them on highways , back roads , as well as off-road and race tracks when applicable .
2 . Can I spend less to achieve the same level of satisfaction ?
Of course , a life without any discretionary spending is n't a palatable one for most of us . In fact , Odjick encourages everyone to spend money on things they like .
“ You might opt to keep some of the extras , which is totally fair , but getting clear on what counts as a necessity can help you really enjoy your discretionary purchases more . You do n't need a latte , but that does n't mean you ca n't enjoy one — and if you know it 's a treat , as opposed to what you buy without thinking about it because you need it , you 'll probably enjoy it more . ”
Being honest with yourself about what you do and do n't actually need makes you appreciate the non-necessities more — which makes them even more enjoyable . But here 's where you ask yourself the next question : If I know this is n't a need , is it still worth it to me , or just a default ?
For some of us , those afternoon lattes are the highlight of our day . It 's worth it to put money towards things that bring us genuine joy . But for others for whom that latte is merely a habit , and nothing more , it may be time to rethink that default spending . Getting used to buying things regularly that you do n't actually need , and especially that you do n't even want that much , will surely lead to overspending — and fast .
How can cutting back on “ necessities ” make room for more wants ?
Maybe you really love those daily lattes , but you 've realized that , on your salary , you really ca n't afford to keep having them if you want to reach your bigger financial goals . You of course ca n't starve yourself or go without transportation in order to save money , but as much as it hurts , fancy coffee can go .
But fortunately , there 's probably somewhere else in your budget where you can find that $ 4 a weekday you 'd like to spend on a latte . You just have to get creative with what you spend on necessities .
For example , we may know how important it is to cook at home in order to save on food costs — but we may not be optimizing our grocery budgets in order to do so . For example , Sarah , the who blogs at Smile & Conquer , sticks to a strict meal plan every week so as not to overspend on food . That way , they know what she 's spending beforehand , and make sure she 's making the most of their shopping list by using several recipes with overlapping ingredients .
If you start paying better attention to your spending in one area , like groceries , you can figure out how to get your daily latte without jeopardizing your finances . $ 20 a week saved at the supermarket means $ 20 more you can put towards your coffee habit .
MORE SAVINGS HACKS
Want more tips like these ? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier , healthier and smarter ways to live . Sign up for our newsletter .
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain appears to be a major doubt for the World Cup after the England midfielder suffered a `` really bad injury '' in Liverpool 's Champions League win over Roma .
Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino scored twice as the Premier League club recorded a 5-2 victory in the first leg of the semi-final at Anfield .
However , the win came at a cost for Liverpool , who conceded two late goals to give Roma a glimmer of hope ahead of the return fixture in the Italian capital .
Oxlade-Chamberlain was hurt while sliding in to tackle Aleksandar Kolarov in the 15th minute , with the former Arsenal player treated on the touchline before being carried away on a stretcher .
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp confirmed the initial verdict was not good , in worrying news for not just their club boss but also national team manager Gareth Southgate .
`` Oxlade-Chamberlain 's is probably a really bad injury , '' the German told BT Sport .
`` If you can say that before the scan , it 's never good news . That 's a massive blow for us .
`` We have still a few very important games to go and the squad does n't get any bigger at the moment . We need obviously to be creative in the next few games .
`` We also need the crowd . The atmosphere tonight was brilliant but on Saturday it must be exactly the same . It can not be a little bit less , because we really need the crowd . ''
Senate Foreign Relations Committee clears Pompeo 's nomination after Rand Paul 's reversal
The good cabinet news for the Trump administration yesterday was that Pompeo won approval from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , thanks to a reversal from Sen. Rand Paul , R-Ky .
“ For days , the committee appeared ready to deliver a historic rebuke . Since it began considering nominees in the late 19th century , the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has never given a nominee for secretary of state anything but a favorable vote , according to the Senate historian , ” the New York Times reports . “ But minutes before the committee convened , Mr. Paul , an ardent opponent of interventionist foreign policy , declared their support for Mr. Pompeo , the C.I.A . director , to lead the State Department , securing approval from the committee . ”
“ ‘ After calling continuously for weeks for Director Pompeo to support President Trump 's belief that the Iraq war was a mistake , and that it is time to leave Afghanistan , today I received confirmation that Director Pompeo agrees with President Trump , ' Mr. Paul wrote . ‘ President Trump believes that Iraq was a mistake , that regime change has destabilized the region and that we must end our involvement with Afghanistan . Having received assurances from President Trump and Director Pompeo that they agree with the president on these important issues , I have decided to support their nomination . ' ”
As a candidate , Trump criticized state dinners . Tonight , he 's hosting their first as president
On the campaign trail in 2016 , Candidate Trump criticized presidential state dinners . Tonight beginning at 7:00 pm ET , however , he 's hosting their first one as president . NBC 's Vivian Salama :
“ He told a Sioux City , Iowa rally crowd that if North Korean leader Kim Jong-un visited the United States , they would get Trump 's acceptance — ‘ but I would n't give them a state dinner like we do for China and all these other people that rip us off when we give them these big state dinners . ' ”
“ ‘ We give them state dinners like you 've never seen , ' they said . ‘ Forget the state dinners — that cost , by the way , a fortune . ' ”
“ Speaking to an Atlanta crowd ahead of the Republican National Convention that year , they had a more specific cost-saving entertainment concept in mind . ‘ We should n't have dinners at all , ' they said . `` We should be eating a hamburger on a conference table . ' ”
But on the menu for tonight 's state dinner honoring French President Macron : a rack of lamb , jambalaya , nectarine tart .
By the way , Trump and Macron hold a joint news conference at 11:45 am ET .
It 's Election Day in AZ-8
Today is the special election in AZ-8 , where Republican Debbie Lesko faces off against Democrat Hiral Tipirneni in a district that President Trump won by 21 points in 2016 . The polls close at 10:00 pm ET .
As we wrote yesterday , a substantial part of the vote is already in , and that vote is disproportionately older and more Republican . But keep an eye on the margin – in the eight major contests of 2017/2018 , Democrats have outperformed Hillary Clinton 's margins in these states/districts by , on average , about 12 points . Will that pattern hold in Arizona ?
KS-4 in 2016 : Mike Pompeo 61 % , Daniel Giroux 30 % ( R+31 )
Mike Pompeo 61 % , Daniel Giroux 30 % ( R+31 ) KS-4 in 2016 ( presidential results ) : Trump 60 % , Clinton 33 % ( R+27 )
Trump 60 % , Clinton 33 % ( R+27 ) KS-4 in 2017 : Ron Estes 53 % , James Thompson 46 % ( R+7 )
GA-6 in 2016 : Tom Price 62 % , Rodney Stooksbury 38 % ( R+24 )
Tom Price 62 % , Rodney Stooksbury 38 % ( R+24 ) GA-6 in 2016 ( presidential results ) : Trump 48 % , Clinton 47 % ( R+1 )
Trump 48 % , Clinton 47 % ( R+1 ) GA-6 in 2017 ( initial round ) : Jon Ossoff 48 % , Karen Handel 20 % , Bob Gray 11 % , Dan Moody 9 % , Judson Hill 9 % .
Jon Ossoff 48 % , Karen Handel 20 % , Bob Gray 11 % , Dan Moody 9 % , Judson Hill 9 % . GA-6 in 2017 ( runoff ) : Handel 52 % , Ossoff 48 % ( R+4 )
MT-AL in 2016 : Ryan Zinke 56 % , Denise Juneau 40 % ( R+16 )
Ryan Zinke 56 % , Denise Juneau 40 % ( R+16 ) MT in 2016 ( presidential results ) : Trump 57 % , Clinton 36 % ( R+21 )
Trump 57 % , Clinton 36 % ( R+21 ) MT-AL in 2017 : Greg Gianforte 50 % , Rob Quist 44 % ( R+6 )
SC-5 in 2016 : Mick Mulvaney 59 % , Fran Person 39 % ( R+20 )
Mick Mulvaney 59 % , Fran Person 39 % ( R+20 ) SC-5 in 2016 ( presidential results ) : Trump 57 % , Clinton 39 % ( R+18 )
Trump 57 % , Clinton 39 % ( R+18 ) SC-5 in 2017 : Ralph Norman 51 % , Archie Parnell 48 % ( R+3 )
Ralph Norman 51 % , Archie Parnell 48 % ( R+3 ) NJ GOV in 2013 : Chris Christie 60 % , Barbara Buono 38 % ( R+22 )
: Chris Christie 60 % , Barbara Buono 38 % ( R+22 ) NJ GOV in 2016 ( presidential results ) : Clinton 55 % , Trump 41 % ( D+14 )
Clinton 55 % , Trump 41 % ( D+14 ) NJ GOV in 2017 : Phil Murphy 56 % , Kim Guadagno 42 % ( D+14 )
VA GOV in 2013 : Terry McAuliffe 48 % , Ken Cuccinelli 45 % ( D+3 )
Terry McAuliffe 48 % , Ken Cuccinelli 45 % ( D+3 ) VA in 2016 ( presidential results ) : Clinton 50 % , Trump 44 % ( D+6 )
Clinton 50 % , Trump 44 % ( D+6 ) VA GOV in 2017 : Ralph Northam 54 % , Ed Gillespie 45 % ( D+9 )
AL SEN in 2016 : Shelby 64 % , Crumpton 36 % ( R+28 )
Shelby 64 % , Crumpton 36 % ( R+28 ) AL in 2016 ( presidential results ) : Trump 62 % , Clinton 34 % ( R+28 )
Trump 62 % , Clinton 34 % ( R+28 ) AL SEN in 2017 : Doug Jones 50 % , Roy Moore 48 % ( D+2 )
PA-18 in 2016 : Tim Murphy ( R ) unopposed
Tim Murphy ( R ) unopposed PA-18 in 2016 ( presidential results ) : Trump 58 % , Clinton 38 % ( R+20 )
Trump 58 % , Clinton 38 % ( R+20 PA-18 in 2018 : Conor Lamb 49.9 % , Rick Saccone 49.5 % ( D+0.4 )
McSally alleges they were sexually abused by a high-school coach
Staying out West in Arizona , there 's also this story : “ Rep . Martha McSally said they were sexually abused by a coach when they were in high school , an experience that they said shaped some of the biggest decisions in their life , ” the Wall Street Journal writes . “ Ms . McSally , a Republican who is running for the Arizona U.S. Senate seat being vacated by GOP Sen. Jeff Flake , has spoken before of being sexually harassed during their 26 years in the Air Force , where they became the first female pilot to fly in combat . But they have n't previously discussed publicly their high-school track coach 's alleged sexual abuse . ”
Californians dreaming — about 2020 ?
And here 's NBC 's Mike Memoli on all the Californians who are either thinking about a 2020 presidential bid or who are making visits to early presidential states . “ On a recent Saturday night in Iowa , two Golden State Democrats , Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti and Bay Area-based Rep. Eric Swalwell , made appearances at the same event in this crucial presidential battleground , the Scott County Democrats ' Red , White and Blue Gala . ”
More from Memoli : “ Adam Schiff , another California member of congress representing parts of Los Angeles County , is due in the Hawkeye State May 1 . Tom Steyer , a Silicon Valley billionaire , who 's spent millions of their personal fortune promoting liberal causes , will follow a week later for a visit that includes two town hall meetings as part of their ‘ Need To Impeach ' campaign against President Donald Trump . ”
And , of course , there 's Sen. Kamala Harris , D-Calif .
CALGARY — UFC Fight Night in Calgary has some amends to make for UFC 149 .
The Ultimate Fighting Championship returns to the Scotiabank Saddledome on July 28 almost six years after injuries so decimated the main card that just one of 10 originally-billed fighters stepped into the Octagon .
While the undercard was entertaining , some main-card bouts drew boos . UFC commissioner Dana White 's assessment of their property 's debut in Alberta came with their trademark brutal honesty .
“ UFC 149 , we can count on one hand on how many shows have actually sucked , ” White said that night in 2012 . “ Tonight is one more finger on the hand . ”
It was n't a dud from a business standpoint with 16,089 attending and a gate of $ 4.1 million .
The UFC has since been back to Alberta with last September 's UFC 215 in Edmonton drawing 16,232 . White wants the UFC 's next foray into the province to be a spectacle , especially as their 49th birthday coincides with the upcoming Calgary card .
“ Dana has taken a very personal and emotional approach to this card , ” UFC senior vice-president David Shaw said Wednesday .
“ We 're very grateful for the support we 've got all across Canada , but especially in Alberta because Calgary and Edmonton are both tier one markets for us in addition to Toronto , Montreal and Vancouver .
“ We have more fans per capita in Alberta than in any other province in Canada . It should not have been six years since we 've been back to Calgary , but it has been . ”
Tickets go on general sale Friday . Since it is n't a pay-per-view event and will be carried on CTV 2 , RDS 2 and FOX , tickets are cheaper than they were for UFC 149 , ranging from $ 56 to $ 320 compared to $ 85-650 .
The headliner is a rematch of former lightweight champion and world No . 3 Eddie Alvarez and No . 4 Dustin Poirier . Their bout a year ago in Dallas ended in a no-contest when Alvarez illegally kneed Poirier in the head .
Both fighters are angling for a shot at the title , currently held by undefeated Russian Khabib Nurmagomedov
For Alvarez ( 29-5 and one no-contest ) , this is their last fight on their current contract .
“ I enjoy putting everything on the line . I do really well in those situations , ” the 34-year-old said . “ As I get older and I understand myself more and how I perform more , I am purposefully putting myself in those situations because I know how to respond .
“ The winner of this fight is fighting for the world title next . That 's what on the line , but what 's always on the line is my skin and my name . My name and putting Dustin Poirier 's name in my resume . Another champion and formidable opponent conquered . ”
Alvarez contends Poirier ( 23-5 and one no-contest ) wanted to quit their last bout and that only one of three their knees to Poirier 's head was illegal .
“ Anything they say I think he 's trying to save face or make themselves feel better about what happened , but I 'm just glad they signed again because we 've been trying to get this rematch for over a year now , ” said Poirier , 29 .
“ There are a lot of big things riding on this fight for me . I believe one hundred per cent that a win over Eddie Alvarez at this point in my career puts me in line for the next shot at the world title . ”
Brazil 's Jose Aldo versus Erik Koch was to be the premiere fight in Calgary in 2012 when Aldo was featherweight champ , but both men were too injured to battle .
Aldo , now No . 2 with a career 26-4 record , gets another chance in Calgary as the co-main bout with No . 4 Jeremy Stephens ( 28-14 ) .
The top women 's fight features world No . 1 strawweight Joanna Jedrzejczyk ( 14-2 ) and No . 5 Tecia Torres ( 10-2 ) .
“ The quality of those six athletes in those three fights are ranked in the top five , ” Shaw said . “ Each of those could be a main event on a standard fight night . ”
Homegrown fighters on the undercard include Calgary 's Hakeem Dawodu ( 7-1-1 ) versus Austin Arnett ( 15-5 ) , as well as Jordan Mein of Lethbridge , Alta. , ( 30-12 ) taking on Alex Morono ( 14-4 , one no-contest ) .
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly , a release date can change at very short notice . Usually the closer a film is to its release date , the less likely its release date ( and any other information ) will change .
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website . The links are provided `` as is '' with no warranty , express or implied , for the information provided within them .
Last update was at 20:38 17th April 2017
Army arrests wanted bandit , kidnapper on Kaduna-Abuja road
Abuja – The Nigerian Army confirmed that troops from the 1 Division in Kaduna State arrested a notorious and wanted leader of an armed banditry , Sani Ibrahim , alias “ Burtu ” , on the Kaduna-Abuja road on Wednesday .
Brig . -Gen. Sani Usman , Director of Army Public Relations , who confirmed the arrest in a statement on Thursday said , the suspect was picked up when the troops cordoned “ armed bandits ' camp at Rijana forest . ”
According to Usman , Ibrahim has been on the wanted list of the security agencies in Kaduna State for a long time .
They explained that due to disturbing resurgence of armed banditry and kidnappings along Abuja-Kaduna road , the troops carried out clearance operation at the Rijana forest .
They said one motorcycle and 25 goats were recovered from the camp .
Similarly , the army spokesperson said the troops mounted ambush on Zamfara border with Kebbi and neutralised three armed bandits and recovered 134 cows and 13 sheep .
They said that operations were ongoing .
The post Army arrests wanted bandit , kidnapper on Kaduna-Abuja road appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Denis Belitsky/ShutterstockThere 's actually a flight so short that you end up spending more time on the taxiway ( taking off , landing , and driving on the runway ) than you do in the air . United Airlines offers a flight that has a total airtime of 16 minutes . It runs from San Francisco , California to Santa Rosa . ( Even if your flight is only 16 minutes , make sure you follow these air travel tips . )
The total route is 62 miles long and in total takes about 45 minutes ( that includes the time spent on the ground in the plane as well ) . If you were to drive from San Francisco to Santa Rosa it would take you about an hour and ten minutes with no traffic , so flying definitely has its perks . ( Follow these golden rules to take the stress out of air travel . )
People escape to Santa Rosa for the weekend to explore the Sonoma Valley famous for its vineyards and restaurants . There are also attractions for kids so it 's a great place for the whole family to visit .
Now , if only the flight to Hawaii was that short .
It wo n't be very long , but if you want to try to sneak in a nap on your flight follow these tips to sleep well on an airplane .
[ Source : Travel and Leisure ]
Americans could start seeing a bump in their paychecks as early as this week thanks to the new tax legislation , but lurking in that extra $ 50 or $ 100 is the prospect of a big tax bill come April 2019 for some taxpayers .
On January 11 , the IRS published revised withholding tables , which payroll administrators use as guidelines when determining how much of a worker 's paycheck should be set aside to pay federal income taxes . The use of these tables is being phased in over the next couple of weeks ; exactly when a worker might notice a difference in take-home pay depends on how often and when they are paid , the agency said .
“ The new tables reflect the increase in the standard deduction , repeal of personal exemptions and changes in tax rates and brackets , ” the IRS said in its announcement .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Tax bill kicks in : What to look for in your paycheck 1:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Tax professionals say the changes to how Americans ' taxes are calculated are so sweeping that many people could unwittingly under-withhold if they go along with how the new tables are applied to their W-4 .
“ Treasury made some assumptions , and it was kind of a leap , ” said Pete Isberg , vice president of government relations for payroll processing giant ADP . The IRS is in relatively uncharted territory , trying to overlay the new tax framework on top of a very different structure with its use of new withholding tables on workers ' old W-4s , they said .
The IRS said that the new tables are intended to take into account the higher standard deduction , loss of exemptions and new rates and brackets ,
But “ the exemptions being gone and the increased standard deduction affect your withholding , ” said Michele Schlereth , partner with Schlereth Tax and Accounting Group LLC . Although the IRS has tried to account for this in its new withholding tables , tax experts warn that it 's a moving target .
For anxious workers there 's not yet an easy formula or online calculator they can punch their situation into .
“ The amount of the difference will change based on the amount paid in each check , the total annual wages , and their filing status , ” Schlereth said . “ I do n't think there is a formula you can use that will cover all scenarios , ” especially due to major changes around exemptions and deductions .
The IRS said that new W-4 forms , along with its online calculator , will be able to help taxpayers more accurately calculate their correct withholdings for the current tax year . The agency said the calculator should be available by the end of the month and said the new W-4 form should be ready “ soon . ”
People who do n't itemize , do n't have a lot of kids and have simple tax returns are the group least-likely to be significantly affected by the changes — although they are unlikely to get back a significantly larger refund than before . “ It 's kind of a wash , ” Schlereth said . “ Lower tax brackets and a higher standard deduction mean you 'd get a higher refund , but you get it across the whole year in your paycheck . ”
One thing it 's important to note is that while the IRS is aiming to prevent over- or under-withholding , many taxpayers today deliberately choose to have more than necessary withheld in order to get a refund . ( Roughly four in five taxpayers receive a refund , according to the agency . )
The IRS suggested that all taxpayers check their withholding when the updated calculator and W-4 are available . People with more complicated tax situations , such as homeowners and others who itemize , people who changed jobs over the course of the year and couples who hold multiple jobs between them , should be particularly vigilant about checking their withholdings to avoid an unpleasant surprise .
“ It 's great to see your paycheck increase , but you might want to talk to a tax professional , ” said Michael Sonnenblick , editor and author with Thomson Reuters Tax & Accounting . This is especially important for taxpayers who itemize and take a lot of deductions . “ If you live in a state that has high state and local taxes and you itemize , you 'll probably be paying more taxes this year , ” they said .
Joe Pritza , 90 , of Rock Springs , Wyoming , passed away Sunday , March 11 , 2018 at Mission at Castle Rock . Mr. Pritza died following a lengthy illness .
Joe was born August 7 , 1927 in Rock Springs , Wyoming , to Peter Pritza and Milena ( Wuicich ) Pritza in a Union Pacific Railroad bunk house .
They started school in 1932 in Bitter Creek , Wyoming , where their family moved during the depression . They later went to school at Superior , Wyoming , bussing every day from Point of Rocks , Wyoming . They graduated from Rock Springs High School with the class of 1945 , after their family moved to Blairtown , Wyoming .
They were drafted into the Army during the Korean Conflict with the first four draftees called . They served with 4th Inf . Div. , 40th Tank Bn . in Germany with the Army of Occupation .
They were married in Miles City , Montana , and later divorced . They had no children .
In their lifetime they worked for UPRR , Safeway Stores , Montgomery Ward & Co. , Sears ( Anchorage , Alaska ) , H.M.R . C.C.E . & B ( Culinary Union Fairbanks , Alaska ) . They retired from the Alaska Teamsters # 959 in 1982 .
Their last years were spent in Rock Springs , Wyoming .
Survivors include their brother , Mike Pritza of Rock Springs , Wyoming , sister-in-law Juel Pritza of Omaha , Nebraska , and nephews , Dr. Randy Pritza and wife Judy and family of Omaha , Nebraska , and Dr. Ronald J. Pritza and wife Sarah and family of Omaha , Nebraska .
They were preceded in death by their parents , their brother Nick Pritza of Omaha , Nebraska , and uncle George Wuicich of Anchorage , Alaska .
Following cremation there will be no services at their request .
Condolences may be left at www.vasefuneralhomes.com
A 4-year-old with cerebral palsy in Michigan stole the hearts of countless people recently when their family posted video of them gleefully taking their very first independent steps .
With their parents , older brother and pet dog close by and urging them on softly , Maya Tisdale , beaming from ear to ear , rises from a blue bench in their Traverse City home and takes a few steps . In the video , they then sits back down but not before celebrating the major milestone .
`` I 'm walking ! ... I 'm walking ! '' Maya says in the video posted to social media Sunday . `` I 'm walking ! Yes ! ... I even took a big step . ''
Ann Tisdale
The moment took just a few seconds but for their family and for Maya , it was a momentous journey .
Them mother , Ann Tisdale , told ABC News Wednesday that Maya was born four months early at 26 weeks and weighed 1 pound , 10 ounces at birth . Them fighting spirit in the NICU earned them the nickname `` Mighty Miss Maya '' among family and friends .
Before they turned 2 years old , however , Maya was diagnosed with spastic diplegia cerebral palsy .
This specific type of cerebral palsy caused `` the muscles in their hips , legs and feet to be tight or spastic '' and left them `` unable to stand on their own for more than a few seconds , or walk without the use of walker , '' the family 's website said .
Ann Tisdale
Tisdale said that despite the diagnosis , Maya remained very independent , wanting to do everything that their two older brothers did .
`` We 're always trying to help them and they always say , 'No , I can do it ! ' '' they said . `` She does n't need or want help to do things . She 's going to try to do it herself . ''
Tisdale said that although Maya had been using the assistance of a walker since they were 1 , Maya really desired to walk independently .
Ann Tisdale
So , in March , after much research and appointments , their family traveled with them to St. Louis Children 's Hospital in Missouri , where they underwent a surgical procedure called Selective Dorsal Rhizotomy .
According to the family 's website , the surgery was intended to `` permanently reduce Maya 's spasticity , giving them the ability to live with less pain and greater mobility . ''
Tisdale said after the surgery , Maya 's doctor had told them that she 'd be able to walk `` someday '' but not without grueling , daily physical therapy .
Ann Tisdale
So watching Maya walk -- just a smidge past seven weeks postsurgery -- left their family in shock and disbelief .
`` We expected where Maya was before surgery that it would take them at least six months to a year to get to independent steps and here we are seven weeks after . ... She 's just kind of blowing it out of the water , '' Tisdale said .
While they celebrated this joyous moment for their daughter , Tisdale said Maya had a `` long road of learning '' ahead of them
Ann Tisdale
`` Maya still has CP ( cerebral palsy ) . They still have the damage in their brain and they still have some tightness in their legs . ... She 's going to continue with physical therapy five days a week , just like we 've been doing , and get stronger and practice their skill of walking , '' they said . `` But too just to have those first steps and knowing that it 's possible is so great for them and our family . ''
LaRon McKinley spent nearly three decades in solitary confinement .
After a months-long hunger strike in 2016 , McKinley was moved in October from Waupun Correctional Institution to the Wisconsin Resource Center , a facility run by the state Department of Health Services for inmates with mental illnesses .
Now 61 , McKinley rejects the diagnosis that they are delusional . But in a phone interview — allowed under DHS rules — they acknowledged that spending about 28 years in solitary damaged them psychologically .
McKinley was placed in administrative confinement — a form of solitary with no set end date — after two violent incidents in the late 1980s .
One was a physical altercation with a fellow inmate . The second was an escape in which McKinley shot a sheriff 's deputy and a second deputy was injured when they jumped from the vehicle used to transport McKinley . The gun came from a female jailer , who was later prosecuted for their part in the escape .
McKinley has committed other acts that have kept them in solitary . Over the years , they have received 17 conduct reports for battery or assault , most recently in 2013 , when they threw feces on a correctional officer , according to the DOC .
McKinley is suing the state Department of Corrections in federal court , arguing that the “ continued isolation impairs their capacity to process information and function normally , which puts them in a Catch-22 of indefinite isolation that they know they are unable to extract themselves from . ”
In a response to their lawsuit , the DOC denies some of McKinley 's alleged conditions in confinement , including the constant screaming and banging , extreme high or low temperatures and abuses by security staff .
McKinley spoke to the Wisconsin Center for Investigative Journalism 's managing editor , Dee J . Hall , by telephone from the Wisconsin Resource Center . Here is part of the transcript of that conversation .
Q : Are you the longest person serving in this status in the state of Wisconsin , as far as you know ?
A : Yes , to my knowledge .
Q : Can you tell people what daily life is like in that status ?
A : In the DOC , you spend 23 or more hours a day in a cell alone in an environment that has little meaningful stimulation , you know , mental or physical isolation from not only from your family and whatnot but even the people around you , other prisoners . It 's an environment where , you know , you experience a real deep loneliness and isolation from people — your own social group , society , your family , and it 's an environment that is psychologically dangerous , you know , from my experience .
Q : How did you end up at the Wisconsin Resource Center ?
A : In the course of that hunger strike , which lasted about 82 days and I believe I was force-fed about 67 of those days , the DOC , through the warden and deputy warden there at Waupun , approached me with an offer to send me here and to engage in programming that , if completed , then … . I would be able to work my way out of administrative confinement and I would be sent to another DOC system , because the DOC officials agreed that I would be set up for failure if placed in the DOC system in Wisconsin . Because they seem not to be able to let go of my past .
Q : Tell me a little bit about your past and how you ended up in administrative confinement .
A : In 1988 , October 24th of 1988 , I was in the general population of Waupun , working in the prison industries … and told to train another prisoner , which I started doing . … They attacked me with weapons and these were tools we were working with … They got injured real bad and I ended up with no — not even a scratch on me . But they ended up with multiple and pretty serious injuries and so they charged me with battery . … and from that point they placed me in administrative confinement , and it was a slippery slope from then on .
Courtesy of the Wisconsin State Journal
Q : There was an incident in which you attempted to escape and some deputies were injured . Do you want to tell me about that ?
A : I befriended a female deputy sheriff and they helped me escape by bringing me a weapon into the jail , and deputies were hurt doing transport from Milwaukee to Madison , and I escaped for a short period of time and I was recaptured — maybe a matter of several hours . And this crime is one of the crimes that I was also placed in administrative confinement ( for ) . … Police or criminal justice officials are a fraternity , so if you do something to one somewhere , then you know these officials everywhere have a problem with you … They have a long memory of that .
Q : The Wisconsin Resource Center is a place for inmates that have mental illness . Can you tell me what your diagnosis is ?
A : They diagnosed me , I was diagnosed with delusional disorder , but this is something that I deny . … They induced these symptoms through these coercive psychological techniques that they engaged in just to pay me back for my crime in Milwaukee with the deputy sheriffs and other conduct that I engaged in , you know , assault against DOC officials over 25 years ago . This was a retaliatory thing that they engaged in against me and it induced these symptoms . So , I 'm fine . I refute , I deny that I have any type of mental illness .
Q : What is your ability right now to deal with people ? You 've been largely shielded from normal human interaction for quite a long time .
A : After being isolated for so long you become distrustful of people and you feel uncomfortable in large groups and you have to readjust to just being in proximity of other people and interacting with them and whatnot . Even now , I 'm very sensitive to stimuli . I have hypersensitivity to noise and sound . Strong startle reaction . So , I 'm still wrestling and struggling with the effects of long-term isolation , but the staff here are very skilled and they 've given me a chance to demonstrate that I can work myself through this .
Q : What was the goal of your hunger strike and do you feel like maybe you 're accomplishing some of those goals right now ?
A : I believe that some of my own personal goals in terms of to get myself out of the mental and physical abuse that I was being subjected to and the lack of opportunity to show that I could progress out of administrative confinement … I believe I accomplished that . But we still have a lot of work for the individuals who are being held in long-term solitary confinement now … So we still need to have a cap , a limitation , placed on that type of confinement .
Q : Anything else you 'd like to say ?
A : I would like to say that there needs to be emphasis , re-emphasis , placed on the concept of rehabilitation … to deal with high management and difficult-to-manage prisoners and administrative confinement prisoners to stop them or prevent and help them from being held in long-term isolation . Because it 's a psychologically dangerous form of confinement . It 's harmful to humans . And there needs to be something done about it . Legislatively or otherwise , negotiation — by any means necessary .
See Photo Of Senetor Dino Melaye Sitting On The Floor While Resisting Police Arrest
The photo of Senator Dino Melaye sitting on the road while resisting police arrest has been released . According to PoliticsNGR , the photo was taken earlier today after Dino was arrested by the police for alleged possession of firearms . Dino who represents Kogi central could be seen sitting on the floor , shouting at the top of [ … ]
The post See Photo Of Senetor Dino Melaye Sitting On The Floor While Resisting Police Arrest appeared first on Timeofgist .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
How petroleum sector drove Nigeria into economic recession
By Michael Eboh
After many glorious years of enjoying the benefits of a robust and high crude oil price , the Nigerian economy is currently teetering on the edge of depression , mainly due to faulty planning and the short-sightedness of the country 's leadership .
Nigeria 's current economic woes was primarily kick-started by the petroleum sector , which was and is still the major source of foreign exchange earnings for the country and a major driver of the economy .
The economic crisis was triggered by a sharp decline in the prices of crude oil in the international market , as well as by the crisis in the Niger Delta , which brought about a sharp drop in Nigeria 's crude oil and gas output .
These twin problems of low oil price and low output , forced down the country 's foreign exchange earnings , reduced the country 's revenue , engendered a devaluation of the naira due to scarcity of foreign exchange and also brought about a general hike in the prices of goods and services , starting with the hike in the prices of petrol .
With the general hike in prices , inflation figures skyrocketed , trade and industrial activity dropped sharply , unemployment rose sharply , while Gross Domestic Product , GDP , figures declined in more than two quarters .
Specifically , the latest figures for the third quarter of 2016 from the National Bureau of Statistics , NBS , showed that Nigeria 's GDP , contracted by 2.24 percent , year-on-year , in real terms .
According to the NBS , oil production averaged 1.63 million barrels per day ( mbpd ) , lower by 0.06 million barrels from 1.69 million mbpd recorded in the second quarter of 2016 , while it stated that oil production was also lower relative to the corresponding quarter in 2015 by 0.54 mbpd when output was recorded at 2.17 mbpd .
In addition , it stated that real growth of the oil sector declined by 22.01 per cent , year-on-year , in third quarter of 2016 , a sharp decline when compared to 1.06 per cent growth recorded in same quarter of 2015 .
As a share of the economy , the oil sector contributed 8.19 per cent of total real GDP , down from10.27 per cent recorded in the corresponding period of 2015 and 8.26 per cent recorded in the preceding quarter of 2016 .
The current economic challenges was blamed , by some , on the plundering of the country 's resources by past administrations , others believe it was because the country failed to diversify its economy and save for the rainy days , while many others are still of the opinion that the current administration lacks the requisite knowledge to effectively manage the country 's economy .
However , despite the fact that some of these reasons appeared tenable , one can not divorce the impact of the oil and gas sector – ranging from low crude oil price in the international market , dwindling crude oil output and sabotage of oil facilities in the Niger Delta among others , on the country 's economic woes .
Specifically , Nigeria 's 2015 and 2016 budgets was hinged on a crude oil output of 2.2 million barrels per day , but the country had struggled to produce about 1.4 million barrels per day on an average in both years . The 2017 budget is still hinged on 2.2 million barrels per day .
It is only of recent that the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources , Mr. Ibe Kachikwu , declared that Nigeria oil output had risen to 1.8 million barrels per day .
Confirming the fact that Nigeria 's current economic crisis was fuelled by the challenges in the petroleum industry , recent data obtained from the National Bureau of Statistics , NBS , disclosed that Nigeria 's crude oil export in the first nine months of 2016 depreciated by 13.51 per cent or N712 billion to N4.558 trillion from N5.27 trillion recorded in the same period in 2015 .
Also , data obtained from the Central Bank of Nigeria , revealed that oil revenue inflow into the Federation Account for the first half of 2016 stood at N1.203 trillion , dropping by 36.88 per cent and 41.32 per cent against N1.906 trillion and N2.05 trillion recorded in the second half of 2015 and first half of 2015 respectively .
On its own part , the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation , NNPC , disclosed that from August 2015 to July 2016 , it remitted $ 48.99 million to the Federation Account from crude oil export sales , compared to $ 607.83 million remitted between December 2014 and July 2015 .
On the other hand , the NNPC also stated that from August 2015 to July 2016 , N881.933 billion was remitted to the Federation Account from the domestic sale of crude oil and gas , compared to N774.467 billion remitted to the federation account from January to June 2015 , a six-month period .
In the month of August 2016 , from the proceeds of crude oil and gas export , the NNPC remitted $ 23.885 million to the Federation Account , dropping by 45.87 per cent from $ 44.125 million remitted to the Federation Account in July 2016 , while nothing was remitted to the Federation Account for September and October 2016 .
In addition , Minister of Finance , Mrs. Kemi Adeosun , disclosed that oil revenue declined by N23.3 billion to N135.4 billion in September 2016 , compared to N158.7 billion recorded in August .
Furthermore , due to the crisis in the Niger Delta , Nigeria 's crude oil output declined sharply from an average of 2.1 million barrels per day , dropping to as a low as 0.9 million barrels per day for several months .
Confirming the situation , Minister of State for Petroleum Resources , Mr. Ibe Kachikwu said , “ There is nowhere in Nigeria today where there is an urgency of yesterday as the petroleum sector . Like I say , oil got us to where we are today . It is going to take oil to take us out of it . ”
In addition , Permanent Secretary , Ministry of Petroleum Resources , Mrs. Jamila Shua'ra , stated that the oil price volatility brought about enormous challenges for the Nigerian economy , and led to huge debt burdens , huge wage bills and weak infrastructure among others .
Also , Vice President Yemi Osinbajo disclosed that the unparalleled volatility in the global oil market has impacted negatively on the Nigerian economy .
Signs of a rebound in the country 's oil and gas fortunes , and subsequently , a rebound on the economy , appeared bleak , as evidenced in the declining earnings and output figures from the oil and gas sector .
Therefore , unless something urgent is done to address the crisis in the Niger Delta , boost crude oil and gas output and diversify the economy , the country would be forced to walk a long , lonely and frustrating path to full recovery .
Outlook
However , to ensure that the mistakes of the past are not repeated and to position the Nigerian petroleum industry for growth , profitability and to ensure that its contributions to economic development are increased , the Federal Government has introduced a number of measures .
Among the measures are the partial deregulation of the downstream sector of the petroleum industry , the revamp of the country 's refineries , the award of licenses for modular refineries to boost local production of petrol and the exit of the Joint Venture Cash Call , JVCC , among others .
Giving a hint of what to expect in 2017 , Osinbajo disclosed that plans are underway to introduce measures that would ensure that every drop of crude oil that is extracted and exported from Nigeria is adequately accounted for .
They said exiting JVCC would boost additional investments and raise daily production levels to about 2.8 million barrels per day in the long term .
Kachikwu , on their own part , said that in addition to boost Nigeria 's crude oil output , it would bring about a reduction in crude oil Unit Technical Costs from $ 27.96 per barrel oil equivalent ( boe ) to $ 18 per boe .
They added that the net payments to the Federation Account is expected to double from about $ 7 billion to over $ 14 billion by 2020 and the immediate effect of the new cash call policy will increase net Federal Government of Nigeria Revenue per annum by about $ 2 billion .
Kachikwu further stated that the recently launched Nigerian Gas Flare Commercialisation Program which lays out a framework for Government to license gas that would otherwise have been flared to technically credible and financially sound third party private sector players , would attract about $ 3bn of capital investments , increase the availability of gas for the domestic sector while eliminating about 20million tons of CO2 emissions per year .
There are also ongoing efforts to ensure transparency in Nigeria 's crude oil lifting programme , especially with the Direct-Sale Direct-Purchase ( DSDP ) programme which has saved the country over N110 billion .
All these measures , stakeholders believe , would help turn the fortunes of the petroleum sector , ensuring that substantial revenue are obtained from the sector to help in turning around the economic fortunes of the country .
The post How petroleum sector drove Nigeria into economic recession appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
With the clock ticking , Arkansas officials are fighting to carry out an unprecedented seven executions in 10 days and battling a flurry of court rulings that have thrown up roadblocks just in the last few days .
A federal judge on Saturday temporarily blocked plans by the state to push through the executions , claiming that Arkansas ' rush to execute is reckless and unconstitutional . In response , state Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said all the issues being raised previously had been dealt with and claimed it was a stalling tactic .
“ Appellees have had multiple opportunities to challenge their convictions , sentences , and – critically – their method of execution , ” Rutledge said in a court brief . “ Their guilt is beyond dispute . ”
The inmates are all convicted murderers , including one found guilty of raping and murdering a mother of two and another convicted in the torture-killing of a 15-year-old boy .
The unprecedented pace of executions sought by the state stems from a practical dilemma – its supply of midazolam , one of three drugs used in its lethal injection procedure , is set to expire at the end of the month . Since 2013 , at least four botched executions have been traced back to midazolam .
The executions had originally been expected to start on Monday . But even before the federal judge decision over the weekend , a state judge on Friday blocked the use of one of the drugs used in the three-drug lethal cocktail after a complaint from a drug distributor — though the company said Saturday it was withdrawing its complaint due to the federal order .
The ongoing court battles are part of a remarkable push ; no state has tried to execute so many people in such a short period – or with so much controversy over how the punishment is carried out .
Robert Dunham , president of the Death Penalty Information Center , told Reuters that midazolam is an “ inappropriate drug under any circumstance and carries an inherent risk of something going wrong . ”
Arizona , Kentucky and Florida have abandoned the use of the drug .
Arkansas Gov . Asa Hutchinson , a Republican , is pushing back on criticism and says the state has waited long enough – in some cases , more than two decades , for justice .
During a press conference in February , Hutchinson defended their actions , saying it was n't their “ choice ” to schedule the executions so close together .
“ I would love to have those extended over a period of multiple months and years , but that 's not the circumstances that I find myself in , ” they said .
Initially , eight men were on the calendar to die in 11 days but a federal judge on Thursday ordered a stay for Bruce Ward following a recommendation from the Arkansas Parole Board that they be granted clemency . McGehee was set to be put to death on Monday .
The death row inmates scheduled for execution are all men — four are black , three are white and all were convicted of murder .
Arkansas has not had an execution in more than a decade . If the state gets its way , it could perform three pairs of dual executions , though critics warn this increases the chances of something going wrong .
Defense lawyer Jeff Rozensweig , who represents three of the men the state is looking to execute , argues Arkansas ' rush to complete the executions is unconstitutional and “ reeks of an assembly line . ”
“ The kindest word I can say is that it 's unseemly , ” they told Fox News during a phone interview .
The race for the state to beat the drug expiration deadline has set off protests from corrections officers , human rights groups and religious leaders , as well as last-minute legal challenges from the inmates and pharmaceutical makers .
Protesters started flooding the state capitol in Little Rock on Friday to urge Hutchinson to block the executions .
You 'll need to have your Instagram password handy , as the web form asks you to authenticate to get your data . Once you hit the submit button , you 'll see a message that says , `` We 've started creating a file of things you 've shared on Instagram and will email a link to [ your email address ] . It may take up to 48 hours to collect this data and send it to you . '' According to TechCrunch , you can also access the data download tool via the mobile app 's privacy settings . While making user data available for download might be seen as a way for those users to jump ship , it 's more likely that they 'll all feel better about having a copy of their data , just in case , and stick around .
It 's never too early for rumours to start circulating as to who will be joining Ant and Dec in the jungle for the next series of I 'm A Celebrity Get Me Out of Here ! and this year is no different .
In fact , bookies have already begun issuing odds on some of the stars they think could be going down under in November 2017 .
Here are some of the names being mentioned most so far ...
James Jordan
Could the Jordan family be putting down permanent roots in the Australian jungle after Ola competed in I 'm A Celeb 2016 ? Former Strictly star James has a reality TV pedigree having previously appeared on Celebrity Big Brother ( and came third ) . James knows the ropes having been out in Oz to support their wife - could they have got a taste for the show while they were there ?
Current bookies ' odds on going into the jungle : 6/1
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Mallory Jenkins and their four friends drove to Macon from Claxton , Georgia , on Aug. 11 , 2017 , to witness Jason Aldean perform at the Macon Coliseum . Everyone in the group wore their cowboy boots .
Gumshoe/UPROXX
Two giant pains in the butt : diminishing resources here on our wonderful planet , and getting gum on the bottom of your shoes . Imagine a world where we could get rid of both of those problems ( or at least make a small dent in them ) and get to wear some fresh kicks as an added bonus .
That 's the stoned-sounding dream of Gumshoe , a new shoe coming out that features soles made entirely of recycled chewing gum . Amsterdam-based clothing brand Explicit Wear partnered with city marketing organization Iamsterdam — the tourism website for the Dutch city — and sustainability company Gumdrop to break down the synthetic rubber properties in chewing gum to create a new type of rubber called Gum-Tec , and with it , a sustainable option for your feet .
The companies use about 2.2 pounds of ABC gum for every four pairs of sneakers , which is n't hard to come by , seeing as how the gum is harvested from the streets of Amsterdam where approximately 3.3 million pounds of gum resides each year ( the second most common litter after cigarettes ) , this explains why Gumshoe says the creation of their sneaker is for the “ sole purpose of clean streets. ” The rest of the shoe is made from leather , and you can purchase the shoes in bubblegum pink or black and red beginning in June , for around $ 232 USD .
On Friday , Sprint announced that it planned to roll out a mobile 5G network in the first half of 2019 . This would mean that Sprint would lag behind its rivals AT & T and Verizon , as both of those mobile carriers have said they have plans to roll out 5G coverage later this year . However , this target date would be Sprint ahead of T-Mobile , which has set 2020 as its roll-out date for 5G networks .
That being said , Sprint does have one advantage over Verizon when it comes to its potential 5G networks . As of right now , Verizon is only working on fixed networks , meaning that it will only use 5G as a way to improve its wireless broadband coverage . Sprint is working on creating a mobile 5G network which would work on smartphones , however .
Sprint has said that it is working with Qualcomm on 5G technology and one South Korean company says that it already has a 5G device in the works for Sprint 's network .
In terms of pricing , Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure also provided some details on the prices for its 5G networks and some customers may not be happy . Sprint is planning on raising its rates for unlimited service from $ 50 and $ 60 to about $ 70 and $ 80 . This would bring it in line with the prices of its competitors .
“ It 's going to be very difficult for our competitors to increase the price of unlimited , ” Claure said . “ But we 're going to have a lot of room to increase our price of unlimited to get to similar prices as Verizon and AT & T in the future . ”
Sprint is using different technology than Verizon or AT & T when it comes to building its 5G network . Both of those companies are relying on millimeter spectrum which provides fast speed within a limited service area . Claure says that such a service is n't practical for building a nationwide coverage network .
Sprint 's 5G plans are certainly ambitious , but it should be noted that Claure has made similar announcements in the past . In 2015 , they said that within two years ' time , Sprint would have the best network in the country . Sprint 's coverage has improved over the past three years , but it still lags behind its rivals though Claure says that is due to the company underestimating how long its infrastructure improvements would take .
Here 's when it 's moved to and why ...
Holby City fans wondering where their favourite Tuesday night medical drama has gone are probably used to blaming the football . So it will probably come as no surprise that it 's the World Cup that has caused this particular rescheduling .
Advertisement
The BBC has quite wisely decided that it does n't want Holby going up against the England game over on ITV on Tuesday , so it 's moving to…
Wednesday 4th July at 9pm on BBC1 ( except in Wales where it will air at 10:40pm ) .
Advertisement
Tune in then when Serena and Ric battle to save a familiar patient…
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
Diet Coke grows for first time in 8 years after makeover
Diet Coke grows for first time in 8 years after makeover
Login Email Address : Password : Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here . Forgot your password ?
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Diet Coke 's makeover , which put the sugar-free drink in skinny colorful cans , helped the low-calorie brand sell more soda in North America for the first time in nearly eight years .
Justin Thomas was seven-years-old when they attended the 2000 PGA Championship in their hometown of Louisville , Kentucky .
Watching Tiger Woods win , Thomas was hooked .
`` That 's the first memory of me in terms of being live and being at a golf tournament , '' they said after being crowned winner of the same championship 17 years later on Sunday .
`` I wanted to play professional golf . Any kid , no matter whatever they are doing , they think they are going to be the best at it and they want to be the best .
`` Being at the PGA that week , and hearing the roars and what Tiger was producing out there , I mean that week was the reason that I ( decided ) this is really what I want to do . ''
Thomas was in the clubhouse when Woods made a crucial putt at the 72nd hole to force a playoff .
`` ( Woods ) hit the putt on camera and before it can fall in on TV I can just hear the roar outside . Ill never forget that .
`` It 's crazy to be sitting up here now after watching them do their champions toast and hoping that I 'm there one day and I am . ''
`` I 'd like to turn pro like in ( my ) early 20s or something . ''
How about become a major champion ? 👶💭 pic.twitter.com/AV6w3qWxFT — PGA TOUR ( @ PGATOUR ) August 14 , 2017
Thomas said their parents did not push them to play golf , but they always loved it and never seriously considered pursuing another sport .
`` I was lucky to have supportive parents , '' they said . `` It was set up for golf to be in my bones . They are the reason I 'm sitting up here right now . ''
Thomas , one of the longest hitters on tour , has a powerful swing and a deft short-game touch .
They started this season with a bang , winning three times early and looked set to make a challenge in the majors .
After finished tied for 22nd at the Masters , fading in the final round at the US Open to tie for ninth and missing the cut at The Open , Thomas finally made the major breakthrough on Sunday .
It does not seem so long ago that they were playing for a dollar against their father .
`` I was at a young age but I wanted to beat them and they wanted to beat me , '' Thomas said .
`` It was pretty heated out there . I 'm a pretty sore loser and did not handle it well when I lost and had to give up a dollar . It probably came from my dad 's pocket anyway . ''
Environment activists fault Lagos on actions against waterfront communities
Environment activities under the aegis of Nigerian Slum/Informal Settlement Federation ( Federation ) and Justice & Empowerment Initiatives ( JEI ) have faulted the action of the Lagos State government on waterfront communities , saying that the violent forced eviction of Otodo Gbame a couple of weeks ago is condemnable , moreso as it was carried out in brazen disregard of a subsisting court order .
In the early morning of April 9 , 2017 , residents of Otodo Gbame – an ancestral , predominantly Egun , fishing settlement in Lekki – woke up to police officers beaming torchlight into their homes , telling them to get out .
As residents scrambled to rescue children and belongings , police officers began shooting teargas and live bullets to chase residents out of their homes and into wooden boats on the Lagos Lagoon . Soon , police officers began setting homes on fire using kerosene .
When JEI reached the community around 8:30am , staff witnessed at least 60 police officers and three Black Maria mobile detention units marked Lagos State Task Force . The commanding officers said the operation was led by the Lagos State Task Force on orders from state government .
“ Uniformed Task Force officials were seen carrying jerry cans of kerosene , splashing it on houses , and setting them on fire . A commanding officer was heard shouting , “ the whole place must burn down ! ” Policemen indiscriminately shot teargas and live bullets towards the Lagos Lagoon where residents huddled in wooden canoes watching their homes burn down ” , said Megan Chapman , JEI 's co-founder and co-director .
Chapman noted that a certain Daniel Aya was shot in the neck as they attempted to rescue their family 's belongings . They were carried into a wooden canoe as they bled profusely and taken to a motorboat so they could be taken through the lagoon to hospital , but they died a few minutes after departing the community .
They added that a 16-year-old boy named Monday Idowu was also shot in the chest , but was taken through the Lagoon to Lagos Island General Hospital on time to receive treatment . Three other men were also shot and suffered serious injuries .
It will be recalled that the threat to the Lagos waterfront communities began when the state government announced to the media in October last year its intention to “ start demolishing all shanties on waterfronts across the state within 7 days .
Chapman recalled that based on mapping and profiling done by the Federation in informal settlements across Lagos , at least 40 communities and over 300,000 residents fell under this threat of planned eviction .
“ After attempts to engage the state government were rebuffed and one community , Ilubirin , was demolished on October 15 , residents of 14 waterfront communities felt they had no choice but to approach the Lagos State High Court to protect their fundamental rights . They commenced suit against the state governor , the attorney general , the commissioner for physical planning and urban development , and the commissioner of police ” , they disclosed .
On November 7 , 2016 , Justice S. A. Onigbanjo of the State High Court granted an injunction restraining the state government and the police from proceeding with any demolition of the waterfronts . Despite this order , Otodo Gbame community was demolished and over 30,000 residents forcibly evicted .
Three days after the latest and most violent forced eviction of Otodo Gbame , on April 12 this year , Justice Onigbanjo delivered their ruling on the contempt proceeding . Their Lordship found that the uncontroverted affidavit evidence pointed to the responsibility of the state government for ordering the demolitions in brazen disregard of the orders of the court , actions that they found undermining the principles of constitutional democracy and rule of law .
CHUKA UROKO Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
The post Environment activists fault Lagos on actions against waterfront communities appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
So you 're having a few problems with your new Google Pixel ? There 's no need to panic . All smartphones , especially new ones , have their fair share of issues , bugs , and glitches , from the unique to the familiar . Of course , if you 've just spent a large sum of money to acquire Google 's phone , there 's no doubt you want it to be in perfect , working condition . We can help with that .
More : 20 Google Pixel and Pixel XL tips and tricks
Below , we 've detailed multiple problems that Google Pixel owners have experienced , as well as as a few potential solutions and workarounds to deal with them . If you 're having a Pixel problem , this list will help you get your smartphone back in working order .
Problem : Pixel wo n't charge or is n't charging correctly
Some Pixel owners on Google 's product forums have reportedly been unable to charge their Pixel phones . In other cases , the phone does begin charging , but it 's not as responsive or quick as it should be .
Potential solutions :
An Iranian drone came within 1,000 feet of a U.S. Navy jet Sunday over the Persian Gulf , the 14th `` unsafe '' and/or `` unprofessional '' encounter between the U.S. and Iranian militaries in 2017 , according to the Pentagon .
The unarmed Iranian QOM-1 drone made several passes near a U.S. Navy plane that was conducting flight operations off the deck of the carrier USS Nimitz . The drone did not respond to communications from the Navy , according to officials . It also did n't have its navigational lights on , which one military official called `` very dangerous . ''
Related : Iran Has Drone Base Near U.S . Troops in Syria
On Aug. 8 , an unarmed Iranian drone came even closer to a U.S. Navy plane as the American aircraft was about to land on the Nimitz , according to U.S . Naval Forces Central Command .
Airman Fausto Bautista stands a waist catapult watch aboard the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz in the Arabian Gulf on July 26 , 2017 . Nimitz is deployed to the U.S. 5th Fleet area of operations in support of Operation Inherent Resolve . Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Ian Kinkead / U.S. Navy
Despite numerous radio calls , the drone repeatedly changed altitude and came within 100 vertical feet of the F/A-18 . The close call forced the aircraft to maneuver to avoid collision .
Related : U.S. Jet Takes Evasive Action After Close Call With Iranian Drone
The drone `` created a collision hazard , '' U.S . Naval Forces Central Command said , adding that the actions were `` not in keeping with maritime customs and laws . ''
Sunday 's close call did not force the U.S. jet to take evasive action . Both incidents took place over international waters .
Related : Russian and U.S. Military Aircraft Have Near Weekly Close Calls
Aircraft from the Nimitz are conducting regular sorties for Operation Inherent Resolve in Iraq and Syria .
FDA Approves Marathon 's $ 89,000 Muscular Dystrophy Drug
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Thursday approved a Northbrook pharmaceutical company 's drug to treat a deadly form of childhood-onset muscular dystrophy -- only the second FDA-approved drug for the disease and the first for everyone with the disorder .
Marathon Pharmaceutical 's deflazacort , a steroid , aims to improve the lives of patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy by improving muscle function , potentially allowing them to walk , feed themselves and control their wheelchairs longer .
The approval of the drug , which will carry a list price of $ 89,000 for a year 's supply , comes as pharmaceutical companies face growing pressure to hold down medication prices .
But Babar Ghias , Marathon chief financial officer , said patients will pay far less than that for the medication , which will go by the brand name Emflaza . Ghias expects the drug will be covered by insurers , so patients only have to cover copays . Patients without insurance can get the drug for free through a Marathon program , they said .
They said Marathon is pricing the drug at $ 89,000 because of its usefulness for a small population , because of the six years Marathon worked to bring the drug to market and to perform further research on it . Marathon is a 6-year-old company that focuses on rare neurological diseases .
Prices for medications such as deflazacort , which are used to treat rare diseases and called orphan drugs , are often much higher than drugs for more common ailments . The top 100 orphan drugs in the U.S. cost an average of $ 111,820 a year per patient in 2014 , according to a report by Evaluate , a market research firm .
Pat Furlong , president and CEO of Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy , called $ 89,000 `` expensive , '' saying questions remain about how much patients actually will have to pay out of pocket for the drug , especially among those with high-deductible insurance plans .
`` That 's a significant cost and patients should not have to bear that cost , '' Furlong said .
Still , they called the FDA 's approval of the drug an important step forward for those with the disease . Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy has received money from Marathon to support its conferences .
The muscle-wasting disease , a genetic disorder , primarily affects boys and can cause movement , heart and breathing problems . Those with the disease typically lose the ability to walk , and die in their 20s , though they can live until their 30s with certain types of care .
Deflazacort already is used to treat Duchenne outside the U.S. , where it 's approved for other uses . But until now it has n't been widely available in the U.S. because it was n't approved by the FDA . Duchenne affects about 15,000 boys in the U.S .
Kerry McNicholas , whose 12-year-old son Liam has the disorder , hopes the drug helps more patients stay active longer . The Lindenhurst mother wonders whether Liam , who 's now in a wheelchair , would have walked longer if they had access to deflazacort earlier . Liam lost the ability to walk at 10 . They started taking deflazacort in recent years , first as part of a study and then through a Marathon program , they said .
`` He stopped walking fairly early , and I kind of attribute that to them not taking deflazacort as their main steroid when they were young , '' McNicholas said .
They said such drugs allow kids like Liam -- an animal-loving , Nintendo-playing seventh-grader -- to live their lives to the fullest .
`` It 's really important to the families of kids with Duchenne to get drugs approved , '' McNicholas said .
Until last year , no drugs had been approved by the FDA to treat Duchenne .
The first drug , eteplirsen , developed by Sarepta Therapeutics , gained FDA approval in September . That drug , however , only helps about 13 percent of Duchenne patients , those with a specific genetic mutation , said Tim Cunniff , Marathon executive vice president for research and development .
Many patients also have been using a different steroid called prednisone , though prednisone is not specifically approved for treating the disease .
Insurers will pay varying amounts for deflazacort depending on individual negotiations , Ghias said . The price also will remain the same regardless of the dose needed by a patient , they said .
© 2017 Chicago Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Read more on : FDA , Pharmaceuticals , Disease , Health
Halfway to the playoffs , and two stories are emerging in NASCAR 's premier series with one common theme : Points .
There are the playoff points that Kyle Busch and Kevin Harvick are accumulating at a rate quick enough that half of this year 's championship field might be sewed up by September .
And then there are the “ regular ” points that will become even more of a scramble over the next 13 races to snatch whatever berths remain in the 16-driver playoff field .
There have been six winners through the first 13 races , mostly because of Busch ( four victories ) and Harvick ( five ) . If the two hottest drivers in NASCAR 's premier series can maintain their torrid pace , and if some combination of Martin Truex Jr. , Joey Logano , Clint Bowyer and Austin Dillon also can repeat ( which seems likely ) , there probably will be more spots available on points than ever in the five seasons the playoffs were reconfigured in 2014 .
The playoff lineup is filled first by winners , and if there are fewer than 16 , the remaining slots are awarded on points . The record for most points-eligible qualifiers was five in 2015 ( Jamie McMurray , Jeff Gordon , Ryan Newman , Paul Menard and Bowyer ) , and there seems a good chance for at least as many or more this year .
As NASCAR grinds through the grueling summer stretch with slick racetracks and oppressive heat , the tension could ratchet up against the backdrop of a points race – particularly with a fresh 2018 schedule that includes another 1.5-mile track ( Chicagoland ) and a new cutoff race .
In the regular-season finale Sept. 9 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway , NASCAR seems to be learning toward using the All-Star Race rules package that mixes restrictor plates and aero ducts to bunch the field .
The current championship standings should make it a no-brainer , given there is virtually no chance of having 16 playoff berths for 16 winners .
If there is a points battle of , say , more than a dozen drivers vying for the last six or seven playoff berths , it could turn the Brickyard into the free-for-all that the 2.5-mile track desperately needs to help reinvigorate dwindling crowds .
Though last year 's race was among the most memorable because of the three-wide battles for the lead at the front , it could be even more captivating to watch several drivers duel for positions within the pack in the waning laps if the racing resembles the action produced in the All-Star Race .
Thus , Busch and Harvick inadvertently could make the Brickyard a must-watch event this season – while simultaneously turning the playoffs into a frenzied scrum of 14 drivers for two spots in Miami .
While it is n't a foregone conclusion that they will be in the championship finale , Busch ( 25 playoff points ) and Harvick ( 24 ) are tracking ahead of where defending series champion Truex was last season ( 16 after 13 races ) . At this rate , both will claim mega-bonuses from their regular-season standings and would enter the playoffs as co-favorites .
Kyle Busch has won at Charlotte Motor Speedway , which means they have won at every track on the Cup circuit .
This STILL will be true Sept. 30 when the first race is run on Charlotte 's road course . Yes , the track will carry a “ Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval ” designation on the schedule , and its debut will mean that they wo n't have won at every Cup layout .
But Busch still will have won at every track for several reasons .
Start with the fact that the “ Roval ” course will use all but 400 feet of the 1.5-mile oval that Busch finally conquered Sunday night in the Coca-Cola 600 .
And let 's remember that many famous ovals also have road courses that hold races , and there is little distinction made in designating them .
Jeff Gordon and Michael Schumacher are both five-time winner at Indianapolis Motor Speedway . Will Power became a first-time winner of the Indianapolis 500 but is a four-time winner at IMS . Mario Andretti , A.J . Foyt and Jamie McMurray have multiple signature victories at Daytona International Speedway – in the Daytona 500 and Rolex 24 .
NASCAR apparently will be recognizing the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval as a “ new ” track , which opens a Pandora 's box of questions about retrofitting its record books .
Tracks rarely are given such reclassifications after repaves or reconfigurations that change the complexions of their races . The Roval layout might be on a different level , but so is Richmond Raceway 's 65-year evolution .
It started as a half-mile dirt track before being paved in 1968 . Two decades later , it was torn down and rebuilt as the current 0.75-mile track .
None of this is abundantly obvious ( unless you have an eagle eye for varying distances ) on Racing-Reference.info , the deservedly respected bible of NASCAR historical information . Richard Petty has 13 wins at Richmond – not 10 on pavement and three on dirt ( which should count as much as a “ new ” track as turning a 1.5-mile oval into a road course ) .
Busch apparently was told less than an hour after becoming the first driver of the modern era to win at every track that ( because NASCAR is counting the Charlotte roval as a “ new ” track ) the record would last for four months .
How about letting them enjoy it for much longer than that ? As in , until the next time a new track actually is added to the schedule ?
There 's always annual talk about which NASCAR driver might be the next to attempt the Indianapolis 500-Coca-Cola 600 doubleheaders .
But how about IndyCar drivers coming the other direction ?
Power 's Indy 500 win , coupled with their 2014 championship , should allow them to write their own ticket with team owner Roger Penske , who has IndyCar and NASCAR teams under the same roof in Mooresville , North Carolina . Power has expressed a desire to race a stock car , as have teammates Simon Pagenaud and Josesf Newgarden ( who also have IndyCar titles ) .
“ Hell , yes , ” Newgarden said last week . “ I love NASCAR . I think it 's awesome . Open wheel cars captured me as a kid . That does n't mean I do n't like stock cars . But I also like this resurgence of drivers who say they want to do everything . I think there are a lot of guys who do want to do everything and always have .
Joked Pagenaud : “ I 'm very French but could do it . I can drink coffee while I drive , no problem . I can do it . ”
Newgarden is frustrated by how segmented racing has become for drivers in the 21st century . “ You have to have a side , ” they said . “ You have to choose one . I think it 's so stupid . I like it all . I watch everything . I watch NASCAR stuff . We all do . We all follow that stuff . We 'd all love to try it .
“ When you drive for Roger , you have to first focus on what you 're hired for , and you 're hired to win the Indianapolis 500 and the championship , and if you do a great job at that , maybe one day you 'll get an opportunity to try a stock car . I hope that happens . ”
The growth of road courses in both the Xfinity ( Road America is a longtime IndyCar venue ) and Cup series also could offer more opportunities . James Hinchcliffe is among the IndyCar drivers who reportedly has been exploring one-off road-course rides in NASCAR .
And based how they handled single-file restarts Sunday in Indy , we would n't mind seeing Alexander Rossi getting a shot , too .
For the second time this season , four Chevrolet drivers ( Jimmie Johnson , Jamie McMurray , Kyle Larson and Alex Bowman ) finished in the top 10 at Charlotte . It also happened at Bristol Motor Speedway , but accomplishing the feat at a 1.5-mile track is an encouraging sign for a new Camaro that has seemed to lack the aerodynamic advantage of Ford and Toyota .
The impact of NASCAR 's new Optical Scanning Station certainly seems to have helped Ford drivers , who have been hinting since the preseason that the new inspection system would benefit their Fusions with more rear downforce .
But the OSS also might have had an opposite effect on the Camaro , whose design and development was initiated before teams saw the system in action for the first time last fall ( in demonstration mode during the playoffs ) .
Hendrick Motorsports recently acquired an OSS for its shop , joining several powerhouse teams that purchased theirs before the season . NASCAR managing director of competition and innovation John Probst said as many as 10 teams have OSS systems .
That is n't unusual given that teams would have their own sets of templates when NASCAR used the metal silhouettes for measurements , but Probst said the efficiency and accuracy of the OSS ( which relies on two dozen high-definition cameras and projectors ) makes it a more attractive option for teams .
Though NASCAR offers an OSS for teams ' use at its R & D Center in Concord , North Carolina , many rely on OSS in their shops because they take measurements throughout the car-building process .
“ I think we anticipated teams would buy this , ” Probst said on last week 's episode of the NASCAR on NBC Podcast . “ Teams measuring ( cars ) multiple times as it goes throughout the shop , that 's a very reasonable thing to do .
“ There are a lot of reasons to buy the technology . It 's relatively simple , the results are fairly quick and accurate . It 's relatively cheaper compared to many other solutions . It 's a more efficient system in general . ”
Listen to Probst on the podcast via the embed below or on Apple Podcasts , Stitcher , Spotify or Google Play .
Erik Jones had a miserable night in the pits with a magnificent car Sunday at Charlotte , and it was the pit stop between Stages 3 and 4 that really had to hurt .
Jones ' No . 20 Toyota entered in second place but left in 19th because of a stop that went several seconds longer because their front tire changer switched to a backup pit gun .
The reason ? Kasey Kahne ran over the primary gun 's hose while entering their stall just ahead , ripping it from changer Houston Stamper 's hands .
It would seem unfair to suffer because of the actions of a rival driver who faces no repercussions at all . But there are two important rules of thumb to consider .
–A driver entering their stall has every right to enter as sharply and swiftly as desired ( without violating another car 's pit box ) .
–Each pit crew is responsible for keeping its equipment out of harm 's way .
The only feasible way that NASCAR could have penalized Kahne would be if he 'd gone out of their way to affect Jones ' stop .
In two of the past three seasons , the Coca-Cola 600 has been a runaway in which the winner has led at least 94 percent of the laps .
The record for highest percentage of laps led in the previous 55 years of NASCAR 's longest race was 83 percent ( Jim Paschal in 1967 ) .
How is this dominance possible in a race that historically has demanded constant adjustments to keep up with a temperature-sensitive surface that can vary wildly over the course of four hours in the transition from blazing hot sun to a cool evening ?
The simplest explanation might be that the Charlotte reigns of Truex in 2016 and Busch this year underscore the importance of being in clean air on an aerodynamic superspeedway .
Crew chiefs Cole Pearn and Adam Stevens can tune the car better with their championship-caliber stars able to provide the best feedback in static conditions . And with teams running high-fidelity simulations nonstop , there is more information on making strong setup calls than ever .
Sunday 's race sadly marked the third time in four years that a fan has climbed a catchfence during a Cup race . While it thankfully did n't necessitate a race stoppage at Charlotte ( unlike an infamous incident at Richmond and similar to one at Dover last year ) because it was defused so quickly , it still begs the question : Why is this still happening ?
We 've written this before , but having a fan fall onto a hot track on national TV would be a really bad thing , not just for the event but racing in general . Whatever tracks have to spend to rectify this so that fans stay off the chain link in the future , it 's worth it .
Gambian leader , Yahya Jammeh , has accused the Economic Community of West African States , ECOWAS , of declaring war against their country for refusing to step down . Jammeh , who chided ECOWAS for putting forces on the alert , has vowed to stay in power despite losing a December 1 election to rival , Adama Barrow . Recall that Marcel de [ … ]
First Bank offers customers chance to watch 2018 FIFA World Cup live in Russia – The Eagle Online
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
HONOLULU — Hawaii 's Kilauea volcano erupted anew before dawn Thursday , shooting a steely gray plume of ash about 30,000 feet into the sky that began raining down on a nearby town .
The explosion at the mountain summit came shortly after 4 a.m. following two weeks of volcanic activity that sent lava flows into neighborhoods and destroyed at least 26 homes .
The eruption probably lasted only a few minutes , and the ash accumulations were minimal , with only trace amounts expected near the volcano , said Mike Poland , a geophysicist with the U.S. Geological Survey .
Some people in the community closest to the volcano slept through the blast , said Kanani Aton , a spokesperson for Hawaii County Civil Defense , who spoke to relatives and friends in the town called Volcano .
At least one person who was awake heard nothing . Epic Lava tour operator John Tarson is an early riser and said they learned about the eruption only because they received an alert on their phone .
Tarson said the ash plume looked different than others he 's witnessed because of its sheer height . A video they shared on Facebook showed a towering column of ash reaching into a hazy sky .
“ What I noticed is the plume was just rising straight into the air , and it was not tipping in any direction , ” they said . “ We 've been expecting this , and a lot of people are going to see it and get excited and scared . ''
Sotnikov Mikhail/Shutterstock
Not a morning person ? Do n't blame you . But if waking up an hour earlier sounds like a form of medieval torture , you might want to give it another shot . New research suggests that people who have sex in the morning reap some pretty incredible benefits , and you 're totally missing out . ( Here are even more unexpected health benefits you get from sex . )
Researchers at Forza Supplements , a health and fitness company , monitored the circadian rhythms of 1,000 people and asked them to track the times where they felt they got the most out of daily activities like exercising , eating meals , and having sex .
Most people reported that having sex at 7:30 in the morning reduced their stress levels for the rest of the day . And since men 's testosterone levels peak in the a.m. , that mood-boosting sex session will probably last longer , too . ( Judging by how long sex lasts for the average couple , that 's a definite plus . ) Gives a whole new meaning to the term “ rise and shine , ” does n't it ?
“ While no two people are the same , these were found to be the very best times for the average person to do the key activities which make for a healthy and happy life , ” Forza Supplements managing director Lee Smith told The Sun . “ Making small adjustments to your routine can really help you lose weight , get fitter , be more effective at work and even a better lover . ”
Ca n't argue with that ! But you might want to consider “ getting it on ” twice in one day , because science says this is the best time of day to have sex .
Source : Men 's Health
PYEONGCHANG , Korea , Republic Of — The International Olympic Committee says it will review the cases of 15 Russian athletes ahead of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in the light of a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport .
IOC spokesperson Mark Adams said Saturday : “ Those 15 names will be given to the invitation review panel . ”
Adams said “ our decision will come before the games start ( on Friday ) ” and that “ we reserve our right to review and appeal the CAS decision . ”
The CAS ruling on Thursday overturned the doping bans on 28 Russian athletes , citing insufficient evidence . Russia said it wants to send 15 of the 28 to Pyeongchang , including gold medal-winning skeleton slider Alexander Tretiakov and cross-country ski gold medallist Alexander Legkov .
The IOC invitation review panel is chaired by former French sports minister Valerie Fourneyron .
Brazil defender Thiago Silva thinks the special attention Neymar is getting from defenders at the World Cup is `` normal '' because their skills make them difficult to stop .
Neymar , who only returned from a fractured metatarsal last month , looked close to their best on Monday when Brazil beat Mexico 2-0 to reach the quarter-finals in Russia .
Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar was often at the centre of things , as they scored and played a key role in Roberto Firmino getting the second .
But they also received criticism for what Mexico coach Juan Carlos Osorio described as `` acting '' when Miguel Layun appeared to step on their ankle .
However , Silva does not believe rough treatment is anything new for Neymar .
`` This is normal because [ Neymar ] has many qualities , '' Silva told reporters . `` The players who defend against them make fouls because it 's always hard to defend Neymar and take the ball without fouling him . But it was a tough game . ''
In the last eight Brazil will face Belgium , who came from two goals down to sensationally beat Japan 3-2 with a dramatic stoppage-time winner from Nacer Chadli .
Silva recognises the talent at Roberto Martinez 's disposal , but is adamant Brazil are the favourites regardless of the opposition .
`` Belgium are very strong physically and technically , '' the centre-back said . `` Belgium deserves to play in the last 16 .
`` I think that in all competitions Brazil is the favourite , but we know that 's not enough . We have to work hard and give our best in every game if we want to win the title .
`` We will continue to work and rest well because Friday 's game will be even more difficult . ''
WASHINGTON — The political accusations started flying just hours after the bullets did .
Some on the right wasted no time blaming their political opponents for the shooting Wednesday morning at a practice of congressional Republicans ' baseball team , saying Democrats ' harsh anti-Donald Trump rhetoric had created a political culture of violence that inspired alleged shooter James Hodgkinson .
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich blamed a `` pattern '' of `` increasing hostility on the left '' in an appearance on Fox News , prompting the host to press them on whether it was appropriate to be making such charges at such a time .
“ You 've had a series of things , which sends signals that tell people that it 's OK to hate Trump . It 's OK think of Trump in violent terms . It 's OK to consider assassinating Trump and then ... suddenly we 're supposed to rise above it — until the next time ? ” Gingrich responded .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Shooting in VA Exposes Toxic Political Cuture 5:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Investigators said it 's too early to understand Hodgkinson 's motives . And leaders in both parties called for calm and bipartisan unity , with members of the Democratic baseball team inviting their Republican counterparts to dinner Wednesday night ahead of Thursday 's game , which will go ahead as planned .
Rep. Mark Walker , R-NC , told NBC News that it appeared the `` gunman was there to kill as many Republican members as possible ” — a comment that was quickly splashed across the top of the Drudge Report , Breitbart News , and other conservative outlets .
Rep. Rodney Davis , R-IL , who was at the bat when shots rang out in Alexandria , Virginia , warned on CNN , “ This could be the first political rhetorical terrorist attack . ”
Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway stoked the narrative on Twitter , as did Donald Trump Jr. , the president 's son , retweeting a tweet from a conservative commentator that connected the shooting to a controversial new production of William Shakespeare 's “ Julius Caesar. ” In the production , Caesar , who is assassinated on stage , is portrayed in a way meant to invoke Trump .
Others on the right linked the shooting to comedian Kathy Griffin , who was fired from CNN 's New Year 's Eve special for posing with a fake severed and bloody Trump head . They later apologized .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pres . Trump Encourages the Country to Come Together After Attack 2:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“ Today 's shooter was a hard core Lefty , a big Bernie fan , ” controversial former GOP Rep. Joe Walsh said on Twitter . “ Too much hate on the left . Way too much . It 's dangerous . ”
In many ways , it 's a reversal of what liberals often did during the Obama administration — reaching to tie acts of political violence to the Tea Party and the GOP .
Among Democrats , some were quick on Wednesday to use the incident to call for new gun restrictions opposed by many in the GOP .
`` I think we need to do more to protect all of our citizens . I have long advocated — this is not what today is about — but there are too many guns on the street , '' Virginia Gov . Terry Mcauliffe said at a press conference with local authorities in Alexandria . `` It 's not just about politicians . We worry about this every day for all of our citizens . ''
Democratic State Rep. Mark Levine , who represents Alexandria , let their voice rise as they ticked through the gun control legislation that Republicans have blocked in the Virginia General Assembly .
`` Bomb the terrorists in Syria , arm the terrorists in Virginia — that 's their policy , '' Levine said of Republicans after they killed a bill they introduced to bar people on the terrorist watch list from buying guns .
Virginia has experienced a number of high-profile shootings in recent years , and Levin said they have little hoped the latest one would move Republicans .
Gun-control activists had planned to protest a hearing in Congress Wednesday on making gun silencers easier to acquire , but the meeting was canceled after the shooting .
Hodgkinson , a former home inspector from Illinois , volunteered for Bernie Sanders ' campaign in Iowa and wrote letters to the editor of their local newspaper condemning Republicans .
Sanders went to the Senate floor Wednesday to condemn Hodgkinson , saying , “ I am sickened by this despicable act . ”
And Robert Becker , who ran Sanders ' presidential campaign in Iowa , told NBC News that Hodgkinson did not play any meaningful role in the campaign .
`` I 've talked to everyone that worked for us in the Quad Cities area . Nobody remembers the guy . That does n't mean that they did n't come in a day or two and knock on some doors for us , but they did n't stand out , ” Becker said . `` I ca n't denounce them strong enough for what they did . ”
Rep. Chris Collins , R-NY , the first member of congress to endorse Trump during last year 's presidential primary , told local station WKBW that Democrats ' “ outrageous ” rhetoric can incite violence .
`` You fuel the fires ... some people react to things like that , '' Collins later told radio station WBEN .
Meanwhile , House Speaker Paul Ryan and Minority Nancy Pelosi struck the opposite note , saying they were all part of the same “ family ” and needed to come together .
Ironically , the congressional baseball game , in which Republicans and Democrats play against each other to raise money for charity , is one of the few bipartisan traditions left in Washington .
“ There are just very few opportunities for us to interact outside our suits , ” lamented Rep. Mike Doyle , D-PA , who manages the Democratic team , as they stood next to Rep. Joe Barton , R-TX , who manages the GOP team .
The two were a picture of bipartisan bonhomie at a press conference Wednesday afternoon , playfully ribbing each other 's pitching abilities and recalling a time on the Hill when members could get together outside work more often and before social media helped coarsen the political discourse .
`` It should n't take a moment like this to bring us together , ” Doyle said .
FILE- This Feb. 23 , 2017 , file photo shows a delivery van is painted with artwork for Classic Coca-Cola in downtown Pittsburgh . Coca-Cola Co. reports earnings Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 . Keith Srakocic , File AP Photo
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
Conrad also said the biggest issue LMPD is facing now is retention . ( Source : WAVE 3 News )
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - Louisville Metro Police Chief Steve Conrad laid out their case for the biggest chunk of the city 's budget , $ 6.2 million , during a meeting on Wednesday evening .
“ One of the things I have been disappointed in as a city is we have not put as much emphasis and resources on prevention and rehabilitation as we have on straight policing , ” Councilwoman Jessica Green ( District 1 ) said .
The Mayor 's proposed budget includes $ 2 million for the Office of Safe and Healthy Neighborhoods . That is twice as much as last year .
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Elizabethtown Police searching for suspects accused of cloning bank cards
+ Murder suspect to stand trial on one-year anniversary of homicide
+ What will the JCPS appeal process be like ?
Chief Conrad said those community programs play a role in the 22 percent decrease in homicides so far this year . Conrad also said the biggest issue LMPD is facing now is retention .
“ The driving factor we have seen over this year 's current fiscal year 's retirements has been fear in changes over the pension system , ” Conrad said .
Councilwoman Marilyn Parker said they are n't buying the pension excuse and referred to a hostile environment among the department as reason for the attrition .
Conrad said the proposed budget would hire 145 police officers , buy bomb suits and body armor , and 90 new police vehicles .
Another cost that has gone up for LMPD , computer software rental , which is used for storing body camera footage .
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved .
A few years from now , grabbing a taxi could mean taking to the skies .
Last week Dubai sent an air taxi on a five-minute test flight — its first unmanned flight over a city . The dronelike vehicle , designed by German aviation start-up Volocopter , features 18 electric-powered propellers and room for two passengers . It 's designed to fly at speeds of up to 60 miles an hour over distances of up to 20 miles .
The company hopes to make its air taxi a convenient travel option in Dubai within five years , and then across the world after that . And it promises to be as easy to hail as an Uber . “ It will be integrated into your app just as if you 're choosing…a bus or a taxi , ” says Florian Reuter , Volocopter 's CEO .
The idea is that once you request a Volocopter , you 'll head to a nearby landing pad to be picked up and whisked to your destination . Ideally , pads will be sprinkled on rooftops and parking lots across cities . A given spot could be reserved for a few minutes while the taxi lands and you climb in .
Volocopters are quieter and offer a smoother ride than helicopters , Reuter says . While you sit back and take in the view , the software running the air taxi will offer you a choice of flying styles . “ You can actually…say it should fly faster and can do sharp turns , or whether it should be more smooth and more like a luxury limousine rather than a sports car , ” Reuter says .
DRUMMONDVILLE , Que . — The Transportation Safety Board of Canada has completed its work at the scene of Wednesday 's fatal helicopter crash near Drummondville , Que .
Three people died after the Robinson model helicopter crashed and caught fire in a snow-covered field just north of the city about 110 kilometres northeast of Montreal .
TSB spokesperson Alexandre Fournier says the field phase of the investigation is over and the wreck has been removed .
They say investigators are still deciding which parts to send to the TSB lab in Ottawa for further analysis .
The crash claimed the lives of the 57-year-old business person Jean-Claude Mailhot , their 32-year-old daughter Janie , and their friend Nathalie Desrosiers .
Police have said the crash is not believed to be a criminal act .
COLUMBIA , S.C. ( AP ) South Carolina guard Sindarius Thornwell was reinstated to the team Monday after missing the past six games because of an unspecified violation of athletic department policy .
The 6-foot-5 senior will be available when the Gamecocks open Southeastern Conference play at Georgia on Wednesday night .
Coach Frank Martin and athletic director Ray Tanner reviewed Thornwell 's situation and decided they could return .
Thornwell was the team 's leading scorer and rebounder when they were suspended before South Carolina 's game with Florida International on Dec. 4 . At the time , the Gamecocks ( 10-3 ) were undefeated and ranked in the Top 25 . They have gone 3-3 since , including a loss last Friday night at Memphis , and have fallen out of the rankings .
Left hand insanity cpx 70lb 2013 Left handed insanity cpx , awesome bow . I 've kept it as a backup to my btx but do n't need it any longer . Has vapor trail strings and a rip chord red fall away rest . 25.5-30 '' drawlength . 475 shipped Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
EDMOND , Okla. — An Oklahoma mother and father could n't figure out what was happening to their child 's pacifiers until the baby 's grandmother saw the family dog swipe one off a counter .
One nauseous pooch and a trip to their veterinarian 's office confirmed the couple 's hunch : Dovey had 21 pacifiers lodged in their stomach .
The couple told the veterinarian Dovey had slowed their eating and was vomiting for a few days , but other than that , they thought they seemed fine .
KFOR-TV reports that at first , the veterinarian thought there were only seven to nine pacifiers in Dovey 's stomach , but the surgery proved otherwise .
Dovey is on the mend and has already gone home .
The veterinarian cautioned pet owners in a recent Facebook post that “ dogs will eat anything , anytime and at any age . ”
——
Information from : KFOR-TV , http : //www.kfor.com
Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois will wait until after the World Cup to decide their future , but admitted they wanted to spend more time with their children in Madrid .
Courtois , who is contracted at Stamford Bridge until 2019 , is linked with a move to European champions Real Madrid .
The former Atletico shot-stopper said being closer to their children in Madrid was crucial , although any decisions over their future will not be made until Belgium 's World Cup campaign ends .
`` I love living in London . Madrid and London are great , '' Courtois said , via Sport , after their nation 's last-16 win over Japan on Monday .
`` The only thing is that my children live in Madrid . I would like them to be close .
`` That does n't mean I 'm going to come back , but for me they are very important and I 'm going to do something to see them more . ''
Chelsea signed Courtois from Genk in 2011 , but sent the goalkeeper out on loan to Atletico for three seasons .
While they want to sort out their future , the 26-year-old said the World Cup was their focus .
`` I 'm not going to talk about that now . I just said that I 'll see everything after the World Cup , '' Courtois said .
`` The most important thing is my children and I 'll decide what 's best for me in everything . ''
SEOUL , South Korea — South Korean President Moon Jae-in said Tuesday that there can be no military action on the Korean peninsula without Seoul 's consent and that the government would prevent war by all means .
Moon made the remarks in a televised speech to commemorate the 72nd anniversary of the nation 's liberation from Japanese military rule in 1945 .
President Donald Trump welcomes South Korean President Moon Jae-in at the White House on June 30 . Alex Wong / Getty Images file
Presidents before Moon , who took office in May , have traditionally made North Korea the core of their speeches , focusing mainly on policy to engage Pyongyang .
`` The government , putting everything on the line , will block war by all means , '' Moon said Tuesday , saying sanctions against North Korea are intended only to lead it to negotiations .
Related : Trump Warns North Korea Leader 'Will Not Get Away With What He 's Doing '
Tensions have increased as North Korea has advanced toward being able to hit the mainland United States with a nuclear-armed missile . Its state media on Tuesday described in detail its plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam , but it also reported that leader Kim Jong-un would monitor U.S. conduct before giving orders for the test — appearing to signal a path to defuse the crisis .
`` I call upon the North Korean government : Without international cooperation and co-existence economic development is impossible , '' Moon said . `` If you continue on this path , there will only be international isolation and a dark future . ''
Share
The Samsung Galaxy S9 , one of the most advanced smartphones in the world , can be forced into a reboot by a particularly complex shader , says research by U.K. GPU testing company GraphicsFuzz and XDA Developers .
According to GraphicsFuzz , the discovery came about during testing of the Galaxy S9 's rendering capabilities , and was not intended to be malicious . The issue stems from a problem with how the phone 's Adreno 630 graphics driver attempts to render a particularly complex shader inside Samsung 's default Samsung Internet app .
According to a deeper investigation , the graphics driver starts the process of creating the shader , but fails at one of the initial steps of allocating resources . The browser fails to terminate the process properly , which causes the phone to panic and reboot .
The issue is reproducible on other browsers — but though the shader does cause the phone to freeze , only on the Samsung Internet browser is the phone forced to reboot , meaning the problem is seemingly specific to Samsung 's browser . Since the issue only affects the Galaxy S9 models equipped with the Snapdragon 845 ( unfortunately means the majority of the models in the U.S. ) , it seems that it 's the pairing of Samsung 's browser and Qualcomm 's graphics driver causing the problem .
This assumption can be backed up by reproducing a similar error on the Google Pixel 2 XL . That phone is equipped with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 and Adreno 540 graphics driver , and when subjected to the same test on Samsung Internet , the browser slows to a crawl — though a reboot is n't forced .
A video of the problem has been made available , and shows the lengthy freeze , as well as the forced reboot of the device .
The problem here is that the bug is reproducible , and capable of being deployed to remotely attack and force affected Samsung Galaxy S9 models into reboots . Thankfully , as soon as this became apparent to GraphicsFuzz , it reached out to XDA Developers in order to contact Samsung . In a disclosure timeline , XDA reported that a Samsung engineer had been assigned to the case on April 4 , and it can be hoped that a fix will be deployed to rectify this problem soon .
Get the Better newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
“ I 'm surprised you 're not losing more weight . ”
“ Why do you think you 're struggling so much ? ”
“ Really , only 25 pounds ? ”
“ Are n't you disappointed ? ”
I ca n't tell you how many times I 've heard some variation of this line of questioning in recent weeks . As I passed the halfway point of my year-long project to adhere to the federal Physical Activity Guidelines and Dietary Guidelines , with the support of the American Council on Exercise , many friends and family members were checking in on my progress .
“ So , how are you doing so far ? ” they ask .
“ I 'm feeling great , ” I say . “ I 've never done this much exercise without suffering an injury before . I 've never eaten this healthfully in my life . ”
“ But how much weight have you lost ? ” they ask , as if that 's all that matters .
“ I 've lost 25 pounds , ” I say happily .
That 's when I see the tight-lipped smile , a subtle tilt of the head and then one of the questions listed above .
It 's as if losing 25 pounds in 26 weeks is a sign that I 'm not doing enough .
Combatting a Culture of Quick Fixes
People have grown so accustomed to quick-fix weight-loss plans that losing a pound a week is viewed as “ too slow ” or somehow disappointing . Most experts agree that losing 1 to 2 pounds per week is the recipe for long-term weight management . Anything faster than that seems to increase the potential for weight re-gain , with many people gaining even more weight than they lost .
The problem lies in the types of lifestyle changes people need to make in order to lose weight quickly . Consider the Whole30 plan , which is essentially an elimination diet that calls for a month-long commitment — no cheat meals , no indulgences . People following the Whole30 plan avoid grains , sugar , dairy , alcohol and legumes in an effort to focus on whole , simple foods . ( I 'm not sure why grains and legumes are not considered “ whole ” or “ simple ! ” ) .
Most experts agree that losing 1 to 2 pounds per week is the recipe for long-term weight management . Most experts agree that losing 1 to 2 pounds per week is the recipe for long-term weight management .
One night at a local brew pub , I was sitting with my friend , who was somewhere around day 10 of the Whole30 . Meanwhile , I was in the early weeks of The Lifestyle Project . As I enjoyed the house-made lager and a grilled chicken sandwich from the food truck parked outside , they were sipping a glass of water and eating a salad with no dressing that the food truck owner threw together at their request .
They were giving me some grief about how I 'm never going to lose any weight eating sandwiches and drinking beer instead of doing something extreme like the Whole30 . In the same breath , they were grumbling about how miserable they were and explaining that they and their wife do the Whole30 for one month each year in an effort to improve their health and lose weight . They typically lose between 20 and 30 pounds during the month .
“ What happens the other 11 months ? ” I asked .
“ I do n't follow any plan at all , ” they said proudly . “ I always gain the weight back in the month or two after we do it , but it 's an opportunity to test ourselves and live clean for a month . ”
I 'm not a nutritionist , dietitian or health coach , but this seems absurd . My friend enters this month every spring fully aware of the fact that the change in their lifestyle is going to make them miserable , is completely unsustainable and will not drive long-lasting results . Meanwhile , he 's telling me that my plan is inadequate because it allows me to commit the sin of drinking a beer or two and eating a sandwich on a night out with friends .
I do n't mean to single out the Whole30 plan , which has thousands of devoted fans . It 's just that any eating plan that is based on the elimination of certain foods ( particularly foods you love ) is , in my opinion , not practical as a means of lifelong lifestyle change .
People who struggle with their weight , myself included , are often desperate for help and willing to grab onto anything that promises results — especially quick results . The truth is , I could lose weight more quickly if I pushed myself to eliminate all “ extra ” calories from my diet . I also know that I do n't want to live that way for the long-term . What I 'm working so hard to do is learn how to live a healthier , more well-rounded lifestyle that I can sustain even after The Lifestyle Project is over .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — `` Roseanne '' has finished its final episode in the same way the rebooted series began — as the top-watched television comedy .
The series reached 10.58 million last Tuesday , second only to the CBS drama `` NCIS '' in the weekly Nielsen rankings . Last week 's season finale turned out to be the series final episode .
`` Roseanne '' was expected to come back next year , but ABC canceled the series on Tuesday following a racist tweet sent out by star Roseanne Barr . The show 's revival lasted three months .
Another ABC comedy that had its last episode last week , `` The Middle , '' was seen by 7.09 million . That last episode was planned .
3. Pepper in plyometrics .
Explosive movements — think squat jumps and jumping lunges — are super effective and efficient for cranking up your cardio , while still building muscle . To maximize the payoff of these powerful moves , perform at least 15 reps of each exercise . This can keep your heart rate elevated for up to 50 minutes post-exercise , according to one study .
Miranda also recommends combining plyos with a strength and coordination move to lessen some of the jarring impact on your body . For example : Do a dumbbell lateral lunge , followed by a bear crawl , then end with broad jumps . Take a brief rest before cycling through those three exercises again .
4 . Lighten your load .
In a traditional strength workout , you 'd pick up a weight heavy enough that you could only do a few reps for up to 45 seconds , says Miranda . But to hit the sweet spot where lifting turns more aerobic , opt for lighter weights that allow you to perform a set for one to two minutes . You might even drop the weight altogether and work for longer periods ( i.e . go from a weighted squat to simply bodyweight squats ) . Or , grab a set of five- to eight-pound weights and perform a move like dumbbell uppercuts for one minute . Trust us , it will burn .
5 . Try a two-fer .
Why do a squat or a bicep curl or an overhead press when you can be super efficient and do all three at once ? Compound movements like this one require you to use more muscle groups , which gives you a greater metabolic boost , says Miranda . Even better , these multi-move exercises test your coordination . Some others to add to your exercise repertoire : a push-up with row , reverse lunge with triceps extensions , curtsy lunge with bicep curl or a glute bridge with chest press .
6 . Go beyond everyday exercises .
No doubt you 've done a burpee or 10 . After all , they 're used in many workouts because they 're an efficient way to get your heart rate up between strength sets . “ When you choose movements that your body is not used to doing — like getting on and off the floor , as you do for a burpee — it enhances the difficulty of your workout , ” says Miranda . ( Typically , we 're used to simply sitting , standing and walking . ) A burpee requires you to use all major muscle groups at once , which is probably why research shows this move is nearly as good as bicycle sprints in terms of gaining cardiovascular benefits .
Another similar way to enhance the cardio challenge : Do moves that work your body in different planes of motion , says Miranda . For instance , a forward lunge , followed by a side lunge , then wrap it up with a backward lunge . “ Our bodies are not used to moving in those sequences , ” they say . Wood chops or 180 squat jumps will also do the trick . So not only will you feel your muscles getting fatigue , but you 'll breach heavy while you 're at it . A single workout for strength and cardio…you 're welcome .
This story was originally published on Life by Daily Burn .
Want more tips like these ? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier , healthier and smarter ways to live . Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
TOKYO — Clumps of oil have washed up on the shores of southern Japan , sparking are fears they may be linked to an Iranian crude tanker than sank in the world 's worst such disaster in decades .
Black clumps reached the island of Amami-Oshima , a coast guard official told Reuters by phone .
Authorities are checking to see if it is from the Sanchi tanker that sank in the East China Sea last month .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Iranian oil tanker sinks after collision off coast of China 0:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The government set up a special unit within Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's office to coordinate Japan 's response to the latest development , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters .
`` We are doing all we can , including dispatching a Coast Guard unit '' to remove the oil , they added .
Amami-Oshima is part of a chain of islands that includes Okinawa , an area famous for pristine beaches and reef systems .
The Iranian tanker sank nearly three weeks ago , raising worries about damage to the marine ecosystem .
The bodies of two sailors were recovered from the ship while a third body was pulled from the sea near the vessel . The remaining 29 crew of the ship are presumed dead .
A map showing the Japanese island of Amami-Oshima . Bing Maps
Earlier , the Chinese government said the sunken tanker had created two oil slicks . The ship , which was almost 1 million barrels of condensate — an ultra-light , highly flammable crude oil — sank after several explosions weakened the hull .
Japan 's environment ministry had said last month it saw little chance that the spill would reach the country 's shores .
A Queens , New York , man is asking federal authorities to delay their deportation to Bangladesh as they and their family sort out what to do for their 15-year-old daughter who suffers from a severe form of autism .
Mohammed Ambia , the child 's main caregiver , was being held at a detention facility in Arizona as of Thursday afternoon and could be deported any day , their attorney , Lorenz Wolffers , told NBC News .
“ My focus right now is really to provide a secure environment for the daughter and to keep them here so they can arrange for that , ” said Wolffers , who filed requests on behalf of Ambia with Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) , one of which could grant them an additional 12 months in the United States .
Ambia , 57 , was taken into custody last month at Federal Plaza in Lower Manhattan during a regular visit with immigration officials , according to Wolffers . Living in New York on an “ order of supervision , ” they were required to attend those meetings after being found eligible for removal in 2009 , Wolffers said .
Ambia had overstayed a visitor 's visa he 'd used to enter the United States , where he 's lived since the early-to-mid '90s , according to their attorney . In 2006 , they were sentenced to 12 months probation after being convicted of trying to obtain a fake ID to visit their cancer-striken father in Bangladesh , Wolffers said .
“ My client cooperated with law enforcement to get the ringleaders [ of the scheme ] indicted , ” they added .
It 's been almost a month since Ambia , a waiter at a midtown Manhattan hotel , has been separated from their 15-year-old daughter Faeeza , who was born in the U.S. and whose autism requires round-the-clock supervision , Wolffers said .
That responsibility has shifted to 24-year-old daughter Fariha , who is in the U.S. on a student visa , and 19-year-old Mohammed , a U.S. citizen , they said . Both are in college .
Their mom does not live in New York since they returned to Bangladesh in 2008 to provide for their own ailing mother , Wolffers said . Like their husband , they too had overstayed their visa and was denied one to return to the U.S. , according to Wolffers .
Wolffers said they do n't know exactly why Ambia was picked up now .
“ The enforcement priorities have clearly changed from going back to 2016 , when it really was about people who were considered to be a threat , to now where everybody who is here illegally and has any type of criminal background is subject to removal and is considered an enforcement priority , ” they said .
ICE officials told NBC News it did not comment on “ specific removal arrangements prior to an individual 's successful repatriation ” for security and privacy reasons .
A pair of executive orders signed by President Donald Trump just days into office have sown fear in immigrant communities across the U.S. , leaving some to wonder and worry whether they might be targeted for removal .
Under former President Barack Obama , agents were instructed to focus on recent border crossers and immigrants who committed serious crimes , both of whom ICE deported in large numbers .
But Trump 's executive order goes further . In addition to criminals convicted of violent crimes or serious misdemeanors , the Jan. 25 order also prioritizes those who 've been convicted or charged with any criminal offense , or even “ committed acts that constitute a chargeable criminal offense . ”
Removals of individuals arrested by ICE rose by 34 percent between Jan. 22 and Sept. 2 , 2017 , compared to roughly the same period last year , according to ICE figures .
Agents arrested 97,482 people during those nearly eight months , according to ICE officials , a 43 percent increase from the same period last year .
While convicted criminals taken into custody by ICE during that 2017 period went up by around 19 percent , those considered “ non-criminal immigration violator [ s ] ” shot up by almost 180 percent , compared to the same time last year , ICE figures show .
“ ICE continues to effectively enforce the nation 's immigration laws , a fact clearly demonstrated by the over 30 [ percent ] increase in removals stemming from ICE arrests since the executive orders , ” ICE officials said .
For Ambia , the regular appeals process was long closed when Wolffers took on their case just two weeks ago , according to their attorney .
Wolffers said they have submitted two filings on Ambia 's behalf .
The first was a “ stay of removal ” with the ICE office in New York , asking Ambia not be deported for humanitarian reasons and be given 12 months extra time in the U.S. to make arrangements for their daughter , according to Wolffers .
The other was a request for humanitarian parole , made with ICE headquarters in Washington , D.C. “ [ It ] is not a visa but something similar to a visa , which would provide them some sort of status , basically , ” they said .
Ambia 's wife had taken their children to Bangladesh when they left the U.S. in 2008 , Wolffers said , but the country had few options for special needs schools .
Faeeza 's condition worsened , prompting the Ambias to bring them back to the U.S in 2014 so they could attend a special needs school in New York , according to Wolffers .
As Ambia awaits their fate , their two eldest children have been considering taking on part-time work to help make ends meet , Wolffers said .
“ At this point , that 's kind of our main focus right now , to look at it to know what can be done for the child , ” Wolffers said . “ She is very much attached to their siblings , especially to their older sister , so we would have to see how we can keep the family together . ”
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Tumblr .
A brief phone call that happened 35 years ago took center stage Tuesday at a hearing in the Robert Durst murder case .
The call was thought to be the last time that anyone heard from Durst 's wife Kathie before they vanished , although prosecutors are now raising the possibility that it was n't them on the other end of the line .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed JAN. 20 , 2016 : Is accused murderer Robert Durst crazy , or crazy like a fox ? 1:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Prosecutors allege that Durst , the millionaire real-estate scion and subject of the HBO series `` The Jinx , '' killed Kathie and then nearly 20 years later murdered their friend Susan Berman because they knew too much about the slaying .
Durst , 73 , is charged only with Berman 's slaying — and prosecutors wanted to get testimony from three witnesses who they say are in fear of Durst .
The first was Dr. Albert Kuperman , a former dean of a New York medical school where Kathie Durst was a student at the time of their disappearance .
They testified that a woman who identified themselves as Kathleen Durst called them on Feb. 1 , 1982 , to say they were sick with `` gastrointestinal distress '' and would not be in .
The prosecution and the defense sparred over how to describe the caller , with Deputy District Attorney John Lewin suggesting it might not have been Kathie Durst on the line and Robert Durst 's lawyer getting Kuperman to say they had believed for 35 years that it was Kathie .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed JUNE 2015 : Defending Robert Durst 3:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Who made the call is significant because it could bolster or undermine Robert Durst 's timeline for when and where they last saw their wife . In addition to establishing a timeline , prosecutors want to leave open the possibility that the call came from someone else impersonating them
During the daylong hearing , the two sides also fought over how to refer to `` The Jinx , '' with prosecutors calling it a documentary and Durst lawyer Dick DeGuerin saying it 's just a `` movie . ''
The show examined Durst 's links to the 1982 disappearance of Kathie , the 2000 murder of Berman and the 2001 killing and dismemberment of Durst 's Texas neighbor Morris Black . Durst was found not guilty in Black 's death .
`` The Jinx '' ended with Durst 's bombshell statement on a hot mic that they `` killed them all . ''
One of the witnesses scheduled to testify at the three-day pretrial hearing has not yet been named . DeGuerin said there 's some indication that witness is working on a book , `` which would be rather sensational . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chester 's Erin Cross will be recognised for their brave cancer battle at a glittering award ceremony in London .
The seven-year-old from Upton will receive a prestigious accolade at the national WellChild Awards 2017 in London , a year after they underwent a lifesaving bone marrow transplant and was declared in remission .
Erin , who was diagnosed with the disease at the age of two , was picked from hundreds of nominations from across the UK to win the category of Inspirational Child in the awards which celebrate the courage of children coping with serious illnesses or complex conditions .
They will collect their prize at London 's Royal Lancaster Hotel next week , in a ceremony that has often been attended by Prince Harry .
It 's been a difficult few years for the Cross family , who have endured gruelling chemotherapy and radiation treatment , and life-saving Car T Cell therapy treatment in Seattle , which was funded in just 48 hours through a massive public campaign .
On more than one occasion , Erin 's parents Sarah and Antony were told their daughter was unlikely to pull through – including the time they suffered a massive stroke just days before they were due to travel to America .
But each time , Erin has come back fighting and astonished medical professionals with their positive outlook and determination to come up with fundraising ideas to help the hospitals that have cared for them
Mum Sarah said : “ All Erin wants to do is play and have fun , always fighting hard not to feel unwell . It is Erin 's courage that has kept all of us going these past five years . We 've seen joking around hours after coming out of a life-threatening coma and organising a dance-off with the healthcare workers only days after their bone marrow transplant when they were still supposed to be in bed . ”
Erin will be presented with their award on October 16 .
WellChild 's Director of Programmes , Linda Partridge said : “ It is a tremendous challenge to select winners from the many , many truly amazing nominations we receive from all over the country .
`` All the panel members are moved by the bravery of the children , the stories of selfless care and support and the dedication of the doctors , nurses , teachers , brothers and sisters who make a great difference to the lives of seriously ill children and young people .
`` Erin truly deserves to be the winner of this award . ”
Jay Rock has released a new video for “ Win , ” the first single off their coming album Redemption . The song , which feels specifically made for gym playlists , gets a celebratory and entertaining visual treatment that sees them and their TDE labelmate Kendrick Lamar ( who provides backing ad-libs ) carrying trophies , duck hunting , and dodging missiles in the middle of a warzone . The video , directed by Dave Myers and Dave Free , also features some quick guest appearances from other TDE artists including SZA , Isaiah Rashad and Ab-Soul . Jay Rock is still the star of the show though , a fact made apparent by their garish introduction in a full suit with fire shooting out behind them and a marching band as their escort . You can watch the new video below .
Welcome to the roundup of the best new Android applications and live wallpapers that went live in the Play Store or were spotted by us in the previous week or so .
Please wait for this page to load in full in order to see the widgets , which include ratings and pricing info . Please wait for this page to load in full in order to see the widgets , which include ratings and pricing info . Looking for the previous roundup editions ? Find them here .
Apps
Android Police coverage : Express Wi-Fi by Facebook connects you to local hotspots in developing countries [ APK Download ]
Express Wi-Fi by Facebook is a new app for developing countries that aims to connect users to public hotspots offered by the company for a fee . This means those of us in the West will be unable to take advantage of it . But for those of you who happen to live in one of the target regions , you will be able to use the internet for a small upfront cost by utilizing this app when you need to connect to one of Facebook 's public hotspots .
Monetization : free / no ads / IAPs ? ( none listed )
--
With the Express Wi-Fi app , you can quickly connect at one of our many Wi-Fi zones . Use the Express Wi-Fi app to :
Sign up to Express Wi-Fi
View nearby Wi-Fi zones
See our latest offers and pricing for data packs
Check your account balance
Find the closest recharge shop where you can buy more data
Spacecraft AR
Android Police coverage : NASA 's Spacecraft AR brings 3D models of famous space machines into your living room
There may be a lot of educational apps on the Play Store , but how many of them can claim to have been created by NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ? Spacecraft AR surely can , and what 's even more interesting is that you can spend your time learning about a handful of different spacecraft through detailed 3D models that you can view in augmented reality . And if that was n't enough to sway your opinion , you can also read up on the mission descriptions for each craft .
Monetization : free / no ads / no IAPs
--
Created by NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , this stunning educational app uses native mobile augmented reality to bring spacecraft explorers from across the solar system to whatever space you 're in . Find a flat surface and view interactive 3D models right in front of you , scaled to table-top size or in their true-to-life proportions .
Running Calculator
Brian Kinsella 's Running Calculator is a useful tool for all of you runners out there who are looking to analyze your times when training , or for an easy way to judge how long a particular upcoming run might take . You can even compare your times against an average of racers your age and gender , so you know how you stack up .
Monetization : $ 0.99 / no ads / no IAPs
--
The main calculator takes in any combination of pace/speed , distance and time and instantly updates the other fields as soon as enough information is present . Standard running race distances are available for selection , or alternatively you can enter custom distances in miles or kilometers .
Maunika Gowardhan 's Indian Recipes
Maunika Gowardhan 's Indian Recipes is a new recipe app that concentrates on Indian food . The UI is beautiful to look at , and navigation is a breeze . Plus there are a ton of fantastic recipes that offer a wide selection of different meals no matter your personal tastes . If you enjoy cooking Indian food , this recipe app is a great choice for finding new and exciting meals .
Monetization : $ 4.49 / no ads / no IAPs
--
There are lots of authentic Indian recipes including street food , Indian snacks , curries and desserts to inspire you and every month we 'll be adding lots more brand-new recipes , events and cookery ideas too . From easy mid-week curries , weekend spicy brunch ideas , regional Indian recipes to weekend curries that you can share with family and friends .
Circle Invest — Buy BTC , ETH and more instantly
Circle Invest offers something a little different than your average cryptocurrency marketplace . You see , there is no wallet and you ca n't transfer your cryptocurrencies in or out of the app . It is a closed store that only allows you to purchase cryptocurrency with a connected bank account . What 's nice is that there are no commission costs , and making a purchase is hassle-free when compared to other popular markets .
Monetization : free / no ads / no IAPs
--
Meet Circle Invest . It 's an app that 's actually built around investing . Not a wallet . Not trends . Not like everyone else .
Commission-free cryptocurrency investments
Multiple coins including bitcoin ( BTC ) , ethereum ( ETH ) and litecoin ( LTC ) with more on the way
Instant buys from your bank account so you never miss out
$ 1 minimums make it easy to track your performance and learn as you go
Covering your assets with offline storage , 256-bit encryption , two-step verification
Chuck E. Cheese 's
When so many large chains are falling by the wayside , Chuck E. Cheese 's has managed to stick around , at least for the time being . This app is of course for those of you who frequent the kid-friendly restaurant and arcade chain . Its primary function is the rewards program that 's tied to the app that earns you different rewards the more you frequent the restaurant .
Monetization : free / no ads / no IAPs
--
From Chuck E. Cheese 's , More Cheese Rewards gives you and your family more of the Chuck E. Cheese 's you love . The more you visit , the more rewards you can earn to use on food , drinks , games and prizes .
Arby 's
This Arby 's app is a new release that lists coupons for the chain . It also provides an easy way to order your food , though the ordering function is still in testing . Currently there are only a couple of restaurants in the chain that support the feature , but it should be expanding to more locations soon .
Monetization : free / no ads / no IAPs
--
Arby 's is testing mobile ordering and a new digital platform at just a few select restaurants in Grand Rapids , MI . Guests visiting test restaurants will be able to find their nearest Arby 's location , browse the restaurant 's menu , customize their order , enjoy national and test-only offers , place an order to pick-up in restaurant , and pay – all within the mobile experience .
Rampage : AR Unleashed
Rampage : AR Unleashed is a promotional augmented reality app for the upcoming April release of the Rampage movie . The app does n't do much other than superimpose giant monsters on whatever scenery you are pointing your camera at , which is cool at first but loses its luster rather quickly . Kids will probably get a hoot out of it though .
Monetization : free / no ads / no IAPs
--
Unleash genetically super-sized creatures in the biggest environments possible via Rampage : AR Unleashed – an augmented reality app that will bring the destruction of the movie Rampage into your world . Get creative and stage the perfect scene with George the gorilla , Ralph the wolf , and Lizzie the alligator using the app 's AR scene creator .
American Idol
Apparently , the American Idol TV show has returned to TV on ABC , and with it comes an app that you can use to watch highlights of the show , and eventually vote on the contestants you feel are deserving of a win . For any fan of the series , this app should be a lot more convenient than going with the old method of phoning in your vote .
Monetization : free / contains ads / no IAPs
--
American Idol , the gold standard of all music competition series , makes its highly anticipated return to television at its new home on ABC . Download the official American Idol app to watch highlights , play along and later this season , vote to bring the contestants closer to their dreams .
Saltea
Saltea is a recipe creation and sharing application that you can easily use to store your families the best recipes and then share them at will with anyone else who is also using the app . There are only 4 preloaded recipes that serve as examples , so you will have to input all of your data manually , which may be too much work for some users .
Monetization : free / contains ads / no IAPs
--
Create and share your recipes with your friends and family . Edit and cook the received recipes through your favorite messaging applications . Send the recipes ingredients to the shopping list , edit and add new ingredients to access them easily when you are shopping .
Live Roads - GPS Navigation , Offline Maps , 3D Cars
Live Roads is a navigation app that contains fully detailed 3D car models , HD maps , and lane-level navigation . So if you happen to be looking for a new navigation app that includes a little more detail than your average options , Live Roads just may be a solid contender . Currently , there is no offline support , but it 's planned .
Monetization : free / no ads / IAPs $ 0.99 a piece
--
Live Roads , is a revolutionary mobile navigation platform featuring Full Detail 3D Cars , HD Maps and Lane-Level Navigation . The app empowers users to experience a level of Detail and Control not possible with any contemporary navigation app available today .
Notification Animations ( No Root )
If you are looking for a way to spruce up the animations on your phone , you should take a look at Notification Animations . Just as the name suggests , this app provides a few different animations to choose from for your notifications . And best of all , you can select which apps you would like to use these animated notifications with .
Monetization : free / contains ads / IAPs $ 1.49 a piece
--
Notification Animations is a personalization app that adds cool animations whenever you get a notification from any app or from the apps of your choice . Choose from a wide variety of custom animations and never let your phone look boring again . You can choose to see the contents of your notifications , click the animation to open the respective app and change the animation settings .
Manufacturer And Tie-In Apps
App vault
Xiaomi 's App vault has been around for a while as a system app , and a few Xiaomi devices have received it through a system update , but only just recently has it been published on the Play Store so that it can be updated easily . So if you own a Xiaomi device that supports this app , you no longer have to rely on system updates to keep you current .
Monetization : free / no ads / no IAPs
--
It brings all the important notifications and app features together . Here you can find the features you need most and use them without even starting the app . You can call a cab , take a note , and view the results of the game you missed all in one place .
My BP Lab
My BP Lab by Sage Bionetworks is a new medical release for the Samsung S9 line of phones . Samsung has been concentrating on a lot of medical app support for their devices , so seeing a third-party title that is intended for use with devices that track your blood pressure is n't anything unexpected . Most people wo n't have a use for this , but for those of you who have doctors that prescribe the type of devices that use tracking apps , this is going to save you a lot of time .
Monetization : free / no ads / no IAPs
--
The UCSF My BP Lab study uses surveys and sensor data from your phone to quantify and understand how stress and daily experiences affect your health . Join the study if you are 18 years of age or older . For three weeks , complete daily check-ins where you measure blood pressure and answer a few short questions . Receive personalized feedback on your health trends .
Live Wallpapers
Forgotten Forest Live Wallpaper
Last but not least I have a new live wallpaper for everyone to take a look at . It is called Forgotten Forest Live Wallpaper , and it displays a few different forest themes that you can customize with a couple of different overlay colors that emulate the time of day . You can set it to change with the current time automatically , or you can set each color individually depending on which is your favorite .
Monetization : $ 1.49 / no ads / no IAPs
--
Live Wallpaper Forgotten Forest - a fabulous live landscape instead of boring wallpapers on the screen of your smartphone . Live Wallpaper Forgotten Forest has a large number of settings , thanks to which you yourself choose the landscape to your taste .
Know A Worthy New App ? Let Us Know !
If you have an application in mind for the next issue of the roundup , feel free to send us an email and let us know .
Important : there are 2 requirements in order for the app to be considered , listed below .
the app 's launch date has to be no longer than 2 weeks ago
it has to be original , ground-breaking , well-reviewed , interesting , fun , etc - the cream of the crop
Now , if and only if the above requirements have been satisfied , fire up an email to this address : [ email protected ] m .
1 sponsored placement per week is available ( your app would be featured at the top and marked as sponsored ) - please contact us for details .
Dogara speaks on lawmakers forming groups in NASS
The Speaker of House of Representatives , Mr Yakubu Dogara , has warned lawmakers against forming support groups in the parliament for public officers , describing it as violation of their oath of office . Dogara issued the warning at plenary on Tuesday while reacting to the April 18 attack at the Senate , during which thugs suspected to have [ … ]
Dogara speaks on lawmakers forming groups in NASS
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Enacy Mapakame and Kudakwashe Mhundwa
Nestle Zimbabwe says production volumes for its Cremora milk powder brand increased 125 percent last year following the introduction of Statutory Instrument 64 of 2016 .
Corporate communications and public affairs manager Mr Farai Munetsi said this has also created more employment across value chains .
“ The promulgation of SI64 assisted in increasing production volumes of locally produced Cremora and the supporting activities such as employment creation at the factory and downstream for distributors and retailers selling the product , ”  said Mr Munetsi .
Last year Government promulgated SI64 to limit the importation of goods that can be produced locally .
The move was also aimed at promoting consumption of locally manufactured goods , subsequently increasing production .
In line with this , capacity utilisation also improved to 47 percent from 34 percent recorded in 2015 .
Mr Munetsi said the company anticipated further increase in production volumes on the back of the increase in raw milk production under the Dairy Revitalisation Programme .
The dairy revitalisation programme , being implemented by Government and its partners under the Private Public Partnerships envisages a record annual milk production of 77 million litres in the next two years following the addition of 400 heifers to the national herd .
Last year , total milk production from local farmers rose 14 percent to 65 million .
“ We expect this trend to continue with the implementation of the dairy industry funded Dairy Revitalisation Programme .
“ The increase in national milk production will in the long run reduce the demand for imported milks , hence also reduce the demand for foreign currency for the benefit of the country , ” said Mr Munetsi .
While Nestle anticipates raw milk to increase from its contracted large scale and small scale farmers , Mr Munetsi however said the industry was still hamstrung by a couple of challenges .
“ Milk production at farms is generally dependent on the gravity of unforeseen factors such as increase in feed cost , shortage of foreign currency and electricity outages that occur from time to time .
“ Like all other sectors of the economy , we require a stable macro-economic environment , new capital to modernise plant and equipment , and reliable economic enablers such as utilities , road and rail infrastructure , as well as foreign currency , ” said Mr Munetsi .
In addition to the $ 30 million the group has invested in Zimbabwe in the last five years to enhance production , Nestle expects to continue capacitating farmers on milk production with programmes such as growing fodder , silage , animal health , nutrition and general hygiene required in food handling food . The Herald
Share
Reddit has now surpassed Facebook and is now the third-most-popular internet destination for users in the United States , according to rankings published by Amazon subsidiary Alexa ( no , not that Alexa ) , a website that tracks and analyzes web traffic . Despite its recent controversial site redesign , this means that Reddit now trails Google and YouTube , but ranks ahead of Facebook and Amazon .
While Reddit still does n't attract the same amount of traffic as Google or YouTube , the good news for the site is that users spend more time browsing the site , averaging 15 minutes and 10 seconds every day , The Next Web reported . For comparison , users spend just 7 minutes and 16 seconds on Google , 8 minutes and 31 seconds on YouTube , 10 minutes and 50 seconds on Facebook , and 7 minutes and 37 seconds on Amazon . Reddit also outranks the top five sites on Alexa 's list with more daily page views per visitors . Rounding out the top 10 sites are Wikipedia , Yahoo , Twitter , eBay , and Netflix .
Reddit 's rise comes at a tumultuous time for Facebook , which has experienced a number of high-profile scandals over user privacy and data sharing in recent months . Most notably , the Cambridge Analytica scandal , impacting as many as 87 million Facebook users , has resulted in users calling for a boycott of Facebook over the company 's data collection and advertising practices . In response to the scandal , Facebook unveiled changes to make its site safer , and Europe 's General Data Protection Regulation , also known as GDPR , subsequently went into effect to help make the internet a safer place for users .
Reddit itself has also been a subject of controversy . Created by founder Alexis Ohanian , the site merged with Aaron Swartz 's Infogami in 2006 . In 2011 , Swartz was charged with federal hacking laws for downloading millions of academic articles from a subscription service , to which they were given a guest account through MIT . Two years later , Swartz was found dead in their apartment by suicide . Most recently , Reddit made headlines when it refused to ban hate speech on its site , arguing that free speech should be protected unless there is a threat of violence or harm . In a separate incident , Reddit was also the home where the personal images of celebrities were uploaded following an Apple iCloud attack .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
Soldiers are more at risk of suicide when they 're repeatedly deployed with six months or less between rotations , and when they 're sent to war too soon after they join the service , new research shows .
Such quick turnarounds have become common as the U.S. sends combat troops to Afghanistan , Iraq and Syria . Of the 1.3 million or so active duty military personnel , about 160,000 are permanently stationed overseas , according to the federal government 's Defense Manpower Data Center .
At the same time , suicide rates have soared among veterans . On average , 20 veterans a day died by suicide in 2014 , and many more attempted suicide , the Veterans Affairs Department says .
“ Rates of suicidal behaviors , including suicide deaths , attempts , and ideation , among U.S. Army soldiers increased considerably during the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , ” Dr. Robert Ursano of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences wrote in a report published Wednesday .
Ursano and colleagues studied a group of such soldiers : 593 men and women in the U.S. Army who had been deployed twice and who attempted suicide between 2004 and 2009 . They were looking for specific factors affecting suicide risk .
Getting a chance to prepare seemed to be key , they reported .
“ Those who served 12 or fewer months before their first deployment were approximately twice as likely to attempt suicide during or after their second deployment compared with those who had more time to train and acclimate to the military before initial deployment , ” Ursano 's team wrote in the Journal of the American Medical Association 's JAMA Psychiatry .
Those re-deployed within six months or less were 60 percent more likely to attempt suicide .
The findings do n't surprise combat veterans , their families and mental health experts who work with veterans .
“ Psychologically it just makes sense , ” said clinical psychologist Tim Barclay of the Collateral Damage Project , a Frederick , Maryland-based nonprofit that offers free mental health treatment to veterans .
Combat , Barclay said , changes the mind . “ It literally changes the brain at a functional and cellular level , ” they said . “ It causes an overreaction of the sympathetic nervous system that does n't shut off . ”
This stress is worsened if people are deployed too soon , said Patricia Spencer , who trains social workers about military culture .
“ They have n't had a chance yet to really bond with their unit , their squad , ” said Spencer , who practices in Highland Park , New Jersey , and teaches at Rutgers University .
“ In suicide prevention we know that connections and having a sense of connection can be a protective factor . Somebody brands new into the military , they are not going to have quite that sense of connection with their unit and squad . ”
But that 's the new way of life in the military , Barclay said . Since Sept. 11 , 2001 , frequent and repeated combat deployments are the norm .
And so are quick assignments after enlistment . “ They have n't had time to acculturate to military life , ” Barclay said .
In Ursano 's study , 67 percent of the affected soldiers were married .
“ When you have somebody entering the military , it 's hard enough for an individual to make an adjustment and find a rhythm . Add to that a family — that 's just an added stressor , ” said Barclay , themselves a former soldier and police officer .
Ursano 's team did not find that longer deployments worsened suicide risk . The two main factors were a short time before the first mission , and a short turnaround between missions .
There 's one possible solution .
`` Our findings indicate that suicide attempts among soldiers during or after their second deployment might be reduced by as much as 14.2 percent if all soldiers were in the U.S. Army for more than one year before first deployment , '' Ursano 's team wrote .
“ I knew to expect another deployment coming up . But then it was like , ‘ Oh gosh — you 're leaving in less than six months ' . '' “ I knew to expect another deployment coming up . But then it was like , ‘ Oh gosh — you 're leaving in less than six months ' . ''
And longer `` dwell time '' between deployments would also help , they said .
Aleah Wood , whose husband flies helicopters , knows what the short turnarounds are like .
“ It 's hard when it 's so unexpected , ” said Wood , who works with the military nonprofit Blue Star Families .
Them husband was sent off two weeks ago on a special assignment just six months after returning from an overseas deployment .
“ I knew to expect another deployment coming up . But then it was like , ‘ Oh gosh — you 're leaving in less than six months , ' ” they said .
“ You just got home and we were just trying to get back into the swing of things at that point and it was like , boom . ”
And it was n't as if their few months at home were spent resting and bonding with their family . “ Most of January and February they were gone for workups and training , ” they said . “ During that time they were just gone a lot . So it felt like we had even less time with him . ”
Wood says their husband is mentally healthy and their family is coping . But the statistics show that not all veterans do cope well .
“ When someone is frequently deployed , they are losing contact with home , ” Spencer said .
“ That 's where their long-term supports are . But veterans tell me their family does n't understand and they do n't want to burden them . ”
That also raises the likelihood of suicide .
“ One of the risks of suicide is the feeling of being a burden . They may feel like they are a burden if they are having nightmares or flashbacks , ” Spencer said .
Sam Gonzalez lived through it himself . Now a retired Army sergeant , Gonzalez was deployed three times and felt frustrated trying to keep in touch with their family while in Iraq .
AUSTIN , Texas — A Texas youth prison guard asked a teenage inmate if they were “ ready to go to sleep ” as they and another guard choked them until they lost consciousness , according to prosecutors .
Authorities on Thursday arrested four guards at state-run juvenile lockups on charges of official oppression , including one who works at a Brown County facility and three who work at one in Gainsville , including the two accused of allegedly choking out a teen and a third accused of allegedly punching one in the face , tackling them and then pummeling their head and body .
The arrests are part of a state investigation into the troubled Texas Juvenile Justice Department . Since last year , at least nine state juvenile correctional officers have been arrested on abuse or misconduct charges and another was convicted in July on charges of having sex with youth in custody .
The unfolding crisis led Texas Gov . Greg Abbott to replace the agency 's top leaders and independent ombudsman . They also launched a state investigation into the juvenile system that houses about 1,400 youth offenders , which was drastically downsized and overhauled in 2007 following a sex abuse scandal involving guards and teenagers .
“ There is no room among us for those who dishonour themselves and violate the public trust . These arrests improve the safety of the youth we serve , ” said Camille Cain , the new executive director over the Texas juvenile detention system .
Court documents filed in Cooke County on Friday accuse correctional officers Shannon Hoaglen , 41 , and Derrick Day , 39 , of moving to restrain a teenager due to a “ rule violation ” and holding them to the ground until they could “ not talk , breath or move until they became unconscious ; waking up dazed , confused. ” The documents do not give the teen 's age or specify what rule they had broken . Youths in the Texas system age out at 19 .
Another correctional officer allegedly told investigators that Day lay down on the teenager and asked them “ Are you ready to go sleep ? ” They then counted until the teen stopped moving .
“ In the surveillance video , it is obvious , based on the sudden stop in movement by the Youth , that the Youth had lost consciousness during this restraint , ” according to an affidavit signed by Sgt . Jacob Richardson , who works in the agency 's inspector general office .
Cooke County Jail records on Friday did not list Hoaglen and Day as still in custody , and a court clerk did not know whether they had been arraigned or entered pleas . It was not clear whether either had an attorney , and no working phone numbers could be found for Hoaglen or Day .
Derrick Goodman , 56 , who allegedly punched the other juvenile in custody , said they had no comment when reached by phone Friday .
According to court documents obtained by The Associated Press on Thursday , Morsello Hooker , 31 , was arrested in Brown County and charged with official oppression related to allegations they picked up a 15-year-old who was lying on their back and slammed them on the ground . The Department of Public Safety said a fifth department employee was facing criminal charges in the investigation , but was at large .
In 2007 , Texas lawmakers shuttered lockups across the state after authorities believed at least 13 boys in custody had been sexually abused . Five juvenile lockups remain today but are spread out in rural areas , which juvenile advocates say has made finding and retaining qualified officers difficult .
——
Associated Press Writer Claudia Lauer in Dallas contributed to this report .
——
Follow Paul J. Weber on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/pauljweber
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -- Select -- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
NEWARK , N.J. ( AP ) — The Latest on the Department of Justice 's announcement that it wo n't retry New Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez on corruption charges ( all times local ) :
1 p.m .
Sen. Bob Menendez says the Department of Justice came to the `` appropriate conclusion '' by deciding not to retry them on corruption charges .
Federal prosecutors said Wednesday they would not retry Menendez and longtime friend Salomon Melgen , after a trial last fall ended in a hung jury .
The decision comes after a judge last week threw out seven of the charges .
Menendez was charged in 2015 with trading their political influence for gifts and campaign donations from Melgen over a seven-year period .
Menendez said Wednesday that they `` never wavered in my innocence and my belief that justice would prevail . ''
Menendez is up for re-election this fall .
___
12:15 p.m .
Government prosecutors have decided not to retry New Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez on corruption charges , after a judge threw out some of the counts last week .
Prosecutors filed the motion with the court on Wednesday .
The first trial of Menendez and Florida eye doctor Salomon Melgen ( MEHL'-genn ) ended in a hung jury last November .
Menendez was charged with trading their political influence for gifts and campaign donations from Melgen .
Last week the judge threw out the bribery counts related to Melgen 's campaign donations .
By Hayden Wright
As a duo , Anderson .Paak and producer Knxwledge are known as NxWorries , and the pair stopped by Jimmy Fallon 's show for an elaborate Valentine 's Day performance . The set told the story of a man ( .Paak ) working to earn back trust from the ladies in their life after an act of infidelity . By the end of “ What More Can I Say , ” the two women have moved on with Knxwledge , giving the love parable a bittersweet twist .
Related : Watch Anderson .Paak Perform ‘ Come Down ' with Gospel Choir
“ What More Can I Say ” comes from NxWorries ' album Yes Lawd ! and blends whimsical symphonic elements with personal storytelling . Paak may have lost the Best New Artist GRAMMY to Chance the Rapper , but their inventive take on hip-hop is still turning heads . Watch their Tonight Show appearance with Knxwledge below .
Five years to the day that journalist Austin Tice went missing covering the civil war in Syria , McClatchy Co. raised a banner Monday outside its corporate headquarters at The Sacramento Bee to honor the kidnapped newsman and draw attention to theirs plight .
The banner , with a photo of Tice superimposed over the American flag , reads , “ American Journalist Austin Tice ” and notes that they have been “ captive in Syria since August 2012 . ”
“ Now is the time to bring them safely home , ” the banner states , carrying the hashtag , # FreeAustinTice . ”
“ We , across McClatchy , are thinking about Austin today and every day , ” said McClatchy President and CEO Craig Forman , who marked the anniversary in The Bee 's courtyard before an audience of employees and Sacramento-area television reporters .
Forman called Tice 's disappearance “ an unjust and senseless detention in Syria ” and called on federal leaders and their captors to work on their release .
“ There was no reason for their detention and there 's none now , ” Forman said .
Tice , who turned 36 on Friday , is believed to have gotten into a car to head toward Lebanon when they went missing .
They have not been seen since , except for the release of a 43-second video five weeks after their disappearance that was titled “ Austin Tice is alive ” and showed them being held by a group of armed men .
Tice , a native Texan and former captain in the U.S. Marine Corps , went to Syria as an independent journalist in May 2012 , before their final year of studies at Georgetown Law School .
They were covering events in Syria for McClatchy , The Washington Post and other news organizations .
Forman noted that their parents Marc and Debra Tice have maintained efforts to win their release . Their family has created a website at austinticefamily.com to advocate for their release and draw attention to their case .
Yaya Toure said Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola was furious after the club dropped out of the Premier League 's top four .
City 's title hopes took a setback on Saturday , upstaged by rivals Liverpool 1-0 at Anfield .
The defeat saw City drop to fifth in the standings , 10 points adrift of runaway leaders Chelsea after 19 rounds .
And Toure revealed Guardiola 's fury , saying : `` Of course they are going to be angry . They are a manager who can be angry .
`` We have to sometimes improve and react to situations . Of course we knew Liverpool would be waiting when we lost the ball , and they did that to score , so they will be angry for everything that is happening .
`` We are not going to be perfect , there are times when we wo n't take opportunities -- but we can take opportunities from this too . Anfield is not easy but we can learn from this and what the manager says about it .
`` When you lose games , what do you have to do ? You are disappointed and you want to bounce back .
`` We do n't want to let the gap grow much more between us and Liverpool , Arsenal and Tottenham , so we have to react . We will use it . We are not going to give up . We will go to the end . ''
City welcome in-form Burnley to the Etihad Stadium on Monday .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
ROME — The Italian president 's decisions to quash a proposed populist coalition and ask economist Carlo Cottarelli to assemble a politically neutral government sets up the steps to an early election that could have Italy 's voters going to the polls for the second time this year .
Italy is no stranger to chaotic politics , government crises and revolving-door executives . But recent developments were remarkable even by Italian standards .
Here 's a look at how Italy got to this point , and what could come next :
A POPULIST PATCHWORK
A national election held March 4 produced a hung parliament . The anti-immigrant , right-wing League and the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement eventually set aside populist rivalries to draft a coalition platform , which included plans for a flat-tax , rolling pack pension reforms and government subsidies to the unemployed .
Italian President Sergio Mattarella . Fabio Frustaci / EPA
On Sunday night , President Sergio Mattarella ended plans to form Western Europe 's first populist government by vetoing their euroskeptic pick for economy minister . The president argued that Italy could not be perceived as entertaining an exit from the euro .
When the League refused to budge on having Paolo Savona as economy minister , Mattarella stuck to their constitutional prerogative to veto Cabinet ministers , and the populists were foiled in their quest to govern Italy . Mattarella then asked Cottarelli to set up a non-political government to lead the country to another election .
A 'NEUTRAL ' GOVERNMENT
Cottarelli , a former International Monetary Fund official , promised to quickly assemble a Cabinet . Once Mattarella approves the proposed ministers , the new government can be sworn in within a day , or even hours .
The premier-designate pledged that their `` neutral '' government would guarantee `` prudent '' management of Italy 's public debt , the second highest in Europe after Greece .
While vowing to press the European Union to respond to concerns generating discontent at home , Cottarelli stressed that Italy 's `` role in the union is essential , as is our continued participation in the eurozone . ''
A THUMBS DOWN
After being sworn in , every new government in Italy faces a mandatory confidence vote in each chamber of Parliament . The populists , who together account for a little more than half the seats in the legislature , have already given Cottarelli the thumbs down .
Should the government lose the confidence votes , Cottarelli said a new election would be scheduled as soon as `` after August . '' Their government would then stay on in a caretaker role until the election .
Should their government pull off the confidence wins , Cottarelli said they would lead Italy through the end of the year to pass next year 's budget , after which the president would send Parliament packing and the election would be held in early 2019 .
A CAMPAIGN UNDERWAY
The 5-Stars and League responded to Mattarella 's veto with a chorus of criticism that Italy had ceded its sovereignty to the European Union and international financial markets .
Essentially , campaigning for the next election is up and running regardless of when the voting is done , promising a heavy dose of euro-skepticism and `` Italians First '' slogans , especially from the League .
Nicola Nobile , lead economist at Oxford Economics , predicted the `` the next elections could become a de facto referendum on Italy remaining in the eurozone . ''
Share
The next time you run into an issue with your Xbox One , the person helping you might be a volunteer rather than a paid employee .
Approximately 12 members of the Xbox support staff have reportedly been laid off by Affirma Consulting , a company that partnered with Microsoft . According to Polygon , the staff primarily worked in Microsoft 's offices .
Some of those affected have reportedly been responsible for training volunteers in the Xbox Ambassadors program — if you 've ever tweeted at the Xbox Support account for help , you may have already been assisted by one of these community members . A small team of staff appears to remain to assist with Xbox Support and to help manage the Ambassadors , and Polygon was told by Microsoft that the company “ continue [ s ] to have a number of highly-trained customer support agents , plus community ambassadors , available to help customers with their needs . ”
Microsoft 's decision seems like it will have a negative impact on Xbox users ' experience with the console . Previously , messages sent through Twitter to the company 's support team were answered quickly and accurately , even regarding issues that had just appeared .
Twitter likely wo n't be the best option for getting your questions answered in the future , but you can still get support directly from Microsoft by visiting the official Xbox Support website . There , you can have a live chat with a representative who can assist with technical issues , and the queue time is usually no more than a few minutes . As the support agent is working directly with you , there also is n't any downtime in between sent messages
The Xbox One is a console with fairly low failure rates and the system has only improved with the Xbox One S and Xbox One X variants . Were Microsoft to do this last generation , it likely would have caused bigger issues . The Xbox 360 had a failure rate as high as 54 percent , often with the dreaded “ red ring of death . ”
In contrast , the Xbox One 's primary issues have n't involved the entire console failing . Instead , users have dealt with faulty disc drives , which either make a loud grinding noise or fail to function at all .
Pakistan kicked off a day of celebrations on Monday marking 70 years of statehood and independence , the festivities beginning with gun salutes in the capital , Islamabad , and in each of the four provincial capitals .
In Islamabad , President Mamnoon Hussain hoisted the national flag at a ceremony attended by Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi , visiting Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang , and scores of Pakistani military and government officials and other dignitaries .
Security was on high alert across the nation following the suicide attack on Saturday when a bomber on a motorcycle targeted a military truck in the southwestern city of Quetta , killing 15 — eight soldiers and seven civilians .
Pakistan gained independence when the departing British left India and split the subcontinent in 1947 , sparking one of the most violent upheavals of the 20th century .
For the Pakistanis , the anniversary comes amid political turmoil that has characterized successive civilian governments of the country , which has been dominated by military rule through much of its history .
Addressing the ceremony in the capital , Hussain urged the nation to look to the wisdom of its founders when facing the current `` hot '' environment .
`` Solutions to all the problems of this time persist in our ideologies , thoughts of leaders of our freedom movement and our bright history , '' they said . `` By following them we can improve our situation today and our future as well . ''
They appealed on the citizens to `` rise above '' their party and group interests and `` protect the future of the nation . '' Later in the evening , Hussain was to hand out medals to noteworthy citizens .
Most recently , Pakistan 's political scene has been shaken when the Supreme Court dismissed Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif from office in July for concealing their family assets .
Sharif stepped down , allowing for Abbasi to take over , but decried the court 's ruling as an injustice and vowed to clear their name . Then they embarked last week on a series of on-the-road rallies , spanning four days and covering the stretch from Islamabad to their hometown , the eastern city of Lahore where they addressed tens of thousands of supporters .
Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang said their country considers Pakistan an important partner in the `` Belt and Road Initiative '' that calls for Beijing building ports , railways and other facilities in a vast arc spanning 65 countries , including Pakistan .
In Karachi , visitors paid respects at the mausoleum of Mohammad Ali Jinnah , the founder the country .
Pakistan Air Force put on a spectacular airshow , with Pakistani , Turkish and Saudi fighter jets flying over Islamabad as thousands of spectators watched from one of the city 's parks .
She 's done Neighbours , Emmerdale and Hollyoaks , but how close did they get to a stint in Walford ?
Sheree Murphy returns to Neighbour next week as devious Dakota Davies for a one-off appearance filmed on location in London .
Advertisement
The actor and presenter has scored a soap hat-trick having also played Emmerdale 's tragic Tricia Dingle and Eva Strong in Hollyoaks , yet despite their cockney heritage the London-born actor has never been in EastEnders – although they once came close .
Speaking to RadioTimes.com Murphy revealed they auditioned for a role many years ago , predating them joining Emmerdale in 1998 which launched their career .
“ The only brush I had with EastEnders was years ago when I auditioned and did a workshop when they were developing and casting what became the Jackson family . I got quite far down the line so maybe I could 've been Bianca – but nobody could play them like Patsy Palmer ! ”
Despite losing out on a Walford role , Murphy says she 'd still love to join the cast if the opportunity ever arose . “ I 'm a proper East Ender , I was born in Hackney so growing up I always thought if I did a soap that would be the one . If I joined I 'd like to be a comedy character as comedy comes more naturally to me .
“ Maybe I could be a Slater ? They 've got secret cousins everywhere ! ”
You can read the full interview with Sheree Murphy here , ahead of their comeback episode on Monday 26 March on Channel 5 at 1.45pm and 5.30pm .
Visit our dedicated Neighbours page for all the latest news , interviews and spoilers .
Advertisement
Neighbour continues weekdays on Channel 5 at 1.45pm and 5.30pm .
Labor Secretary Silvestre Bello III on Monday offered a package of services from the Department of Labor and Employment 's ( DOLE ) WELL program to overseas Filipino workers ( OFWs ) repatriated under the Saudi amnesty program .
WELL stands for Welfare , Employment , Livelihood , and Legal Assistance which will give OFWs a chance to work and sustain their families .
In a statement , DOLE said that the agency 's team headed by Bello and the Overseas Workers Welfare Administration ( OWWA ) team extended airport assistance to returning OFWs , such as the travel document processing , use of a special immigration lane , and baggage assistance .
ADVERTISEMENT
President Rodrigo Duterte , together with Bello and other cabinet members welcomed 139 Filipinos granted exit visas under Saudi Arabia 's “ Nation without Violations ” amnesty program on Monday .
The 90-day Saudi Arabian amnesty program was launched last March 29 .
“ On the same day , I deployed a ‘ Rapid Response Team ' composed of DOLE Undersecretary Dominador S. Say , Administrator Hans Leo J. Cacdac , OWWA , Deputy Administrator Brigido J. Dulay , OWWA lawyer Cesar L. Chavez , Jr. , OWWA and POEA lawyer Anna Patricia P. Jacobo to assess the situation of the OFWs availing of the amnesty program , ” Bello said .
READ : Gov't to repatriate 5,000 OFWs illegally staying in Saudi Arabia
They said that due to the goodwill generated by Duterte 's visit , King Salman bin Abdulaziz of Saudi Arabia chartered a plane to fly the OFWs back to the Philippines and shouldered the expenses .
Meanwhile , OWWA provided post-repatriation services to its members which include temporary shelter at the OWWA Halfway Home , psychosocial counseling and stress debriefing , as well as transport services .
Each worker , whether an active or inactive OWWA member , received P5,000 cash assistance from the Office of the President as well as an additional P5,000 from DOLE and OWWA .
OWWA members can also avail a non-cash livelihood package worth P10,000 consisting of a starter kit and techno-skills training , called the “ Balik-Pinas , Balik Hanapbuhay Program . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
On the other hand , non-OWWA members will have to refer to National Reintegration Center for OFWs ( NRCO ) to avail their non-cash training and livelihood program . JE
Quinn and Mary Phelan of Monticello shined up their 1968 Chevy Camaro for Monti in Motion . Quinn also led the cruise throughout Jones and Delaware counties .
Greg Kromminga and Darrell Reyner entertained the Monti in Motion crowd on June 10 with classic tunes . Both men also brought classic cars of their own to display .
This 1964 Pontiac GTO was on display at Monti in Motion . The owner is Ed Kremer of Monticello .
There were over 80 cars and trucks on display for the Fifth Annual Monti in Motion Show ‘ n Shine on June 10 . The vehicles lined E. First Street for the day , with a cruise that followed . ( Photos by Kim Brooks )
Devotees who will be walking barefoot during the hours-long “ traslacion ” of the Feast of the Black Nazarene in Quiapo , Manila , should remember to trim their toenails .
The parochial vicar of Quiapo Church has this curious advice to the millions of Black Nazarene devotees who intend to join the procession on Jan. 9 .
Fr . Douglas Badong , parochial vicar of the Minor Basilica of the Black Nazarene , on Monday said devotees who would take part in the traslacion should trim their toenails to avoid inflicting cuts on other devotees .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ You do n't need to get a pedicure , but just trim your toenails since long toenails can inflict injuries on [ the devotee himself ] or other devotees . It 's very basic but it 's one of the causes of injuries , ” Badong said .
They issued the reminder at a news briefing on Monday as part of the preparations for the Feast of the Black Nazarene on Jan. 9 , with a procession attended by millions of devotees .
In 2016 , Quiapo Church estimated that more than 15 million devotees joined the procession , starting from Dec. 31 , the thanksgiving procession , up to Jan. 9 , the traslacion . Priests expect this crowd estimate to go up this year to 18 million .
“ Every year , the numbers increase . We expect it to go up since Catholics and even non-Catholics join this . It has been declared an international day of pilgrimage , ” Badong said .
Because of the sheer size of the crowd , Badong urged those too ill or those suffering from conditions such as hypertension not to join the procession .
“ Be sure to rest , sleep and eat well before the procession , or else you will really faint . Once you 're part of the procession it will be hard to go out for a break . Devotees should be sprightly and healthy , ” they said .
This year 's traslacion has the theme : “ Pag-ibig ang buklod sa ganap na pagkakaisa ( Love is the bond of unity ) . ”
Priests from Quiapo Church urged devotees to cooperate with authorities to ensure that the procession run as smoothly as possible , with minimum accidents and injuries to devotees .
At Quirino Grandstand where the traslacion will begin , personnel of Luneta Park have begun preparing the 73 restroom cubicles for the millions of devotees .
The National Parks Development Committee director , Penelope Belmonte , said park workers would also install portalets for the devotees .
They watched Kentucky players Josh Paschal and Naasir Watkins day in , day out while the pair was still in school in Olney , Md. , and he 's stayed in touch with both players since they set off for UK .
Paschal 's production as a true first-year student might have been surprising on some level , but they were a heralded recruit with plenty of big-time options to choose from . Watkins was much lesser-known and more lightly-recruited , but Stefanelli is n't surprised that Kentucky 's coaches have showered Watkins with praise almost since the week they arrived in Lexington a year ago . He 's the coach who `` discovered '' Watkins , in a sense , so he 's bought in from the start .
When UK coaches started saying positive things about Watkins early upon their arrival at UK , that was one thing . When Eddie Gran said they arrived at a comparable level of readiness , or even more so , than Landon Young - well , that was praise on another level . They were talking about the first Rivals.com five-star recruit in UK history as a point of comparison after all .
`` He 's a big kid who has always been a great athlete and it 's impressive to see how he 's coming along , '' Stefanelli told Cats Illustrated in an interview this week . `` He 's a big kid who 's growing into their body . It was really exciting to watch them in the spring game , the way he 's moving really , really well . They always are really athletic and had really good feet for their size but you can just see he 's really developing into a man now . He 's a big guy . He 's big and athletic and now you see the strength program and everything coming together for him . ”
Young is a rising junior at Kentucky and the Wildcats ' other starting tackle , George Asafo-Adjei , is looking ahead to their last year in Lexington .
That means the path to playing time , and potentially a starting job , would seem to be wide open . Based on how the coaches talked about Watkins before last season it was even a little surprising that they were able to keep their redshirt .
The forecast for Watkins ' future has n't always been as bright as it is right now .
`` Things did n't always go their way in high school but they kept getting better , so even coming out of high school they are n't getting the attention they deserved , '' Stefanelli said . `` It worked out at Kentucky but we thought they might end up at a lower level school . They end up at Kentucky and you see they just flourishes . They 're really getting their potential out of him . What you see with Naasir and Josh is a very , very high ceiling . ”
Watkins played tackle for Good Counsel as a first-year student and sophomore . But then the Good Counsel staff , before Stefanelli stepped in , moved Watkins to tight end for their junior season .
`` I do n't know , they just did n't think they were ready to play tackle , but they were a big guy and could block - so they moved them to like a blocking tight end , '' Stefanelli said . `` Which was kind of an odd place to put him , honestly , but they just did it and did n't complain . They became a really good blocking tight end but then their senior year they moved back down to tackle which was their natural position and he 's just continued to get better . ''
By that time , however , most Division I programs had already been locked onto their top offensive line targets for many months . A player 's junior season of high school is their most important for recruiting and self-promotion purposes , so Watkins ' year in exile at tight end , so to speak , certainly did n't help their stock .
But Kentucky had time for him .
Vince Marrow was working hard to get Kentucky back in a good spot with Josh Paschal after the Wildcats had drifted out of their top seven during the summer before their senior year . While on a trip to Good Counsel , they had a chance to scout Watkins as well .
Kentucky knew about Watkins before Marrow 's trip for that Good Counsel football game . But their performance caused UK 's interest to spike . Suddenly , they became a priority for an SEC program .
The Good Counsel staff had started to think Watkins would end up playing for a Group of Five programs .
`` Naasir and they had a great game that night . I think they came away thinking like , ‘ Wow , look at this guy . ' And they made a really , really smart decision to offer them and to start recruiting them heavily at that point , '' Stefanelli said . `` It 's paying off for them . They saw at that point what I saw in them as a sixth grader , just a lot of upside potential , and he 's a great , humble kid . Both they and Josh are great teammates that you want in your program and I 'm sure Kentucky 's coaches feel that way about both of those guys . ”
So what foundational skills or football attributes have allowed Watkins to improve and flourish in a way that almost no one seemed to expect ?
“ He always had very good feet for their size and that 's something I look for in all athletes but in particular the linemen , the footwork , '' Stefanelli said . `` He had great feet . They were going to be able to be a very good pass blocker . That 's always a concern with big high school linemen because they get to college and they have to be able to really move and get out in space especially against zone schemes and especially in pass protection . You have that innately and then can you just develop your body , as they did ?
`` So I think that was part of it . The other part of it is just the kid . They just did n't get discouraged . They kept working at it and always had a great attitude . You put a great work ethic with a great attitude and they get better . They keep getting better and that 's what happened with Naasir . Kentucky 's done a great job developing them so it 's a combination of great coaching down there and a kid who 's really coachable . ”
Lest anyone put the cart before the horse , right now the early practice legend of Watkins has surely exceeded anything he 's done on the field . He 'll be a redshirt first-year student when they suit up for Kentucky 's season opener this fall .
But it 's clear the narrative has been created and sustained by the consistent outpouring of compliments and praise from Kentucky 's own coaches . So at the very least , they are n't lowering expectations .
The improvement of Kentucky 's offensive line has been a major catalyst as the program has won 14 games over the last two seasons , which extended Mark Stoops ' tenure in Lexington and changed perceptions . Watkins ' continued improvement would seem to be a sign that UK 's quality play in the trenches might continue beyond even the 2018 season , when hopes are high for the unit once again .
Cop Shop Podcast : Teen son wants brandy , mom says no , Chihuahua yaps
'Suspect bailed ! ' Raw audio of car chase in downtown Macon
0:48
HERMITAGE , Pennsylvania ( WYTV ) – Kennedy Catholic opened the game on a 28-4 run and never looked back in an 89-29 win over VisionQuest Tuesday night .
Maceo Austin led the Golden Eagles with 17 points . Drew Magestro tallied 15 points . Magestro is now six points away from passing Kennedy Catholic graduate and current Baltimore Orioles slugger Nolan Reimold for sixth place on K-C 's all-time scoring list .
Marcin Wiszomirsky added 13 in the victory . Helon Amos also reached double-figures with 10 points for K-C ..
Kennedy Catholic ends the regular season with a record of 20-2 . The Golden Eagles return to action in the District 10 playoffs .
“ There was this huge pent-up demand from so many years without new books , ” said Dr. Ajmal Aazem , a pediatrician whose father founded the publishing house that bears their name . The Aazem company is publishing books as fast as it can , limited only by a shortage of qualified translators from English into local languages . Aazem 's 2017-18 goal is to print three new titles a day , 1,100 a year — a huge number for any publisher .
The publishing house is festooned with life-size posters of recent book covers , and the bookshop is full of volumes in artfully arranged helical piles or displayed on the walls with English and Persian versions opening from right and left , side by side . The floor in the middle of the salesroom has been raised to accommodate the presses on the floor below , making a sort of platform with comfortable armchairs .
Because editing a book in its original language can be much faster than translating it , the bigger publishers have begun commissioning original work as well , for the first time in many years . Aksos has even started a sort of Afghan version of Amazon , selling books through its Facebook page and then delivering them the same day by couriers for the equivalent of about 50 cents a book in Kabul . Afghans often lack internet connections or personal computers at home , but educated young people usually have Facebook on their smartphones .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Piracy remains endemic . On a recent day , even some of the titles in Aksos ' own busy , flagship bookstore were pirated copies of popular books .
Publishers are worried . “ On a lot of our books , we 'll sell 1,000 copies , and the pirates will sell 4,000 copies of the same book at lower prices , ” Dr. Aazem said . “ The government needs to do more to stop this . ”
Government officials have started enforcing the country 's long-ignored copyright laws , according to Sayed Fazel Hossain Sancharaki , who is in charge of publishing at the Ministry of Information and Culture . “ In the last four months we 've had four or five copyright cases , ” they said . One photocopy shop was closed recently by the government for running off cheap copies of printed books .
Realizing that “ The Envoy , ” the 2016 memoir by Mr. Khalilzad , the Afghan-American who was the United States ambassador to both Afghanistan and Iraq , would be a big seller here , Mr. Aazem rushed to acquire the Dari and Pashto rights . They were determined to offer a better-quality book at a narrow markup and flood the market before the pirates could do so . But Aksos managed to print a Pashto version first , without rights to it , selling 1,000 copies in three days , they said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Nasiri , the owner of Aksos , which is also translating a new title every week or so , denied that their company printed pirated books . And he , also , complained about piracy . “ We do have copyright law in Afghanistan , but no one seems to know that , ” they said . “ It 's a big , serious problem . ”
Aksos recently began commissioning original books , too , including “ Baghdadi Pir , ” a historical novel in Pashto about a British spy in the 1920s during the time of King Amanullah .
But the publisher 's big sellers are self-help books , particularly in the how-to-get-rich genre . Ivanka Trump 's “ Women Who Work ” is also popular in translation , particularly among female readers .
Mr. Nasiri admitted that their company 's bookstores stock many pirated volumes , even if they do not pirate books themselves .
“ We are actually against that , but since almost all books are pirated , we have no option but to accept pirated copies and sell them , ” they said . “ If we do n't do that , it will make business hard for us . This is happening all over Asia . ”
The most recent publishing sensation in Kabul also became its biggest piracy scandal : “ Afghan Politics : The Inside Story , ” a two-volume book set by Rangin Dadfar Spanta , former President Hamid Karzai 's national security adviser and a Henry Kissinger-like figure here . Aazem Publishing sold thousands of copies in its first few weeks in print , though it is pricey by Afghan standards , at $ 15 a set . Its V.I.P.-studded book launch was held at the Fort of the Nine Towers in November , and an English translation is due from Aazem this year .
“ We invested heavily in that book and printed it beautifully , then kept the cost as low as possible to defeat the pirates , ” Dr. Aazem said . Promotional posters were distributed to bookstores , showing the avuncular Mr. Spanta , and billboard space and airtime were purchased to advertise it .
“ Afghan Politics ” was out for about a month , however , when an electronic file of the book began circulating on Afghan social media accounts .
Furious , the publishers at Aazem closed their doors in protest , hanging black curtains in all the windows and idling the presses until the government promised to pursue book pirates . They 're still waiting .
Ndamukong Suh is making their rounds of the NFL in their second go at free agency . Suh left the New Orleans Saints hanging this past weekend to continue meeting with prospective suitors . This past weekend they left the Big Easy to meet with the Tennessee Titans . Now he 's heading to Los Angeles to get a feel for what the Rams could offer .
Update : Ndamukong Suh tells me they are planning to visit the # Rams . Another rising contender officially in the mix . — Jordan Schultz ( @ Schultz_Report ) March 19 , 2018
Josh Katzenstein of NOLA.com reports that the Seattle Seahawks are also in the mix . Suh is a three-time All Pro but was released at the start of the league year by Miami in a cost-saving move . They confirmed their visits down south via this video .
The addition of Suh could go a long way to solidifying this resurgent Saints defense and would give them difference makers at cornerback , defensive end and on the interior of the defensive line . Pass rush help for Cam Jordan is ideal and a guy of Suh 's caliber could be more than enough to make a splash in that department .
By Sweeny Murti
» More Columns
The reaction from almost every fan I talked to Saturday morning after they heard that Giancarlo Stanton was about to become a Yankee was the same .
“ All I 've got to say is , WOW ! ”
I got versions of that from dozens of texts and tweets , but this particular quote came from a different kind of Yankees fan . It came from Roger Maris Jr .
“ I knew if anyone could swing it , ( the Yankees ) could swing , ” Maris said from their home in Florida . “ With the direction they were going I was n't sure , but man what a great day . It was amazing ! ”
MORE : Report : Stanton Passes Physical , Yankees ' Trade With Marlins Complete
Last September , Maris and their family were rooting for Stanton as they neared the old home run standard set by the elder Roger Maris in 1961 . Roger Jr. was even planning to meet Stanton late in the season , but Hurricane Irma interfered with their travel plans .
“ I never did ( meet him ) because of the hurricane , but I guess now it 's the best . I 'll get to meet them in pinstripes , ” Maris told me Saturday .
Stanton finished this past year with 59 home runs for the Marlins . Aaron Judge hit 52 for the Yankees . And in 2018 they will get a chance to recreate the great home run chase of 1961 when Yankees teammates Roger Maris and Mickey Mantle chased after the legendary Babe Ruth 's record of 60 . Maris set a new standard with 61 ( a mark broken six times at the height of steroid madness between 1998 and 2001 ) , while an injured Mantle fell short with 54 .
The 115 home runs by Maris and Mantle in '61 are the most ever by two teammates . Barry Bonds ( 73 ) and Rich Aurelia ( 37 ) combined for 110 in 2001 . The closest two teammates have ever come to each hitting 50 home runs in a season since Maris and Mantle was when Alex Rodriguez hit 52 and Rafael Palmeiro hit 47 with the Rangers in 2001 . But , again , all of this was done before PED testing .
Now a new set of Yankees teammates searching for a nickname as crisp and catchy as “ The M & M Boys ” will begin their own chase of a 57-year-old record .
“ I think it 's just going to be an amazing year from the get-go , the Dynamic Duo , ” Maris beamed .
David Mantle , the third of Mantle 's four sons , has not kept up with baseball lately , but was intrigued by the idea of a pair of Yankees rekindling the 1961 magic .
“ Oh , that would be pretty cool , ” Mantle said . “ Records are , I guess , made to broken , but it would be sad to see Roger 's go . He 's one of Dad 's teammates . We 've always just stayed loyal to the Maris family . If it 's going to happen I 'd like it to be on the Yankees and keep the tradition going . ”
Maris is still a huge fan of the game and the Yankees ( “ Putting Stanton on the Yankees is about as good as it gets ” ) . And they are already thinking about this pair of giant sluggers doing something that will transcend the game .
“ Those guys are going to put on such a show , ” Maris said . “ It 's going to be a must-see event night in and night out . Even if you 're not a baseball fan you 're going to want to see what these guys can do .
“ Going back to when dad and Mickey were there and the show they put on , and ( Mark ) McGwire and ( Sammy ) Sosa and what they did ( in 1998 ) . I think we 're going to get a treat again to see this . The only difference is this is going to be like Dad and Mickey — it 's two teammates . These guys are just gargantuan guys and they hit the ball a long , long way . It 's going to be very , very exciting and fun to watch . ”
Judge and Stanton would still be viewed as players who could go after the Maris record even if they were on different teams next season . But putting them in the same Yankees uniform will give them a friendly competition that could put them both in the history books .
“ Oh , the competition is going to be amazing , ” Maris said . “ I do n't think there 's any better competition than friendly competition . They 're going to have the support of each other . If something goes bad , they 're going to be able to talk to each other . There are so many things you can do when you 're friends trying to attain the same common goal . It 's going to be a great thing for both of them . ”
So many Yankees fans are giddy about the possibilities in 2018 and beyond . Maris , who was only a toddler when their dad hit 61 in '61 , is one of them .
“ Obviously coming from my family , we love the long ball , ” Maris said . “ But this is going to be super , super special . You talk about the number 61 — if they are n't knocking on the door again next year , they 're going to blow the door in . ”
Please follow Sweeny on Twitter at @ YankeesWFAN
LOS ANGELES — After losing their past two games at home , the Los Angeles Dodgers will try to end their skid when they host the Colorado Rockies for a two-game series beginning Tuesday .
Rockies left-hander Kyle Freeland ( 1-1 , 5.91 ERA ) will oppose Dodgers southpaw Hyun-Jin Ryu ( 0-2 , 5.79 ) in the opener .
Freeland , a rookie , beat Ryu and the Dodgers on April 7 , limiting Los Angeles to a run on four hits with six strikeouts in six innings in a 2-1 victory at Coors Field . The Rockies won two of three from the Dodgers during that series .
The Rockies ( 9-5 ) were off Monday . On Sunday , they earned a 4-3 victory over the San Francisco Giants , giving them three wins in a four-game set at AT & T Park for the first time in franchise history .
“ It 's a big deal ; that 's pretty cool , ” said Rockies third baseman Nolan Arenado , according to MLB.com . Arenado doubled twice Sunday and finished the series 6-for-16 with three doubles , a homer and three RBIs . “ We came ready to go , we competed , and we did n't shy away from that second game that we lost . The thing about this group is we never lose sight of what we can do . ”
The Dodgers could use a strong start from Ryu , who is trying to bounce back after shoulder surgery in 2015 forced them to miss much of last season . However , the Korean left-hander has n't been promising in their two starts this season , failing to complete the fifth inning each time .
Ryu allowed four runs on six hits in 4 1/3 innings in their last outing , a 4-0 loss to the Chicago Cubs on April 13 . Ryu struck out five and walked two .
In their start against Freeland and the Rockies , Ryu gave up two runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings with five strikeouts and a walk .
“ As a starting pitcher , I feel like five innings is the minimum you need to pitch , ” Ryu said , according to the Los Angeles Times . “ And for two games straight , I was n't able to . ”
Against the Rockies in their career , Ryu is 3-3 in six starts with a 3.98 ERA , 32 strikeouts and seven walks .
The Dodgers are 2-2 during their current six-game homestand . They are 5-3 overall this season at Dodger Stadium .
Los Angeles lost the last two to the Arizona Diamondbacks to split a four-game series . On Monday , the Diamondbacks rallied from two runs down for a 4-2 win in the series finale . Dodgers reliever Chris Hatcher served up the go-ahead home run to Jake Lamb in the eighth inning .
Los Angeles got a solid outing from starter Brandon McCarthy , but manager Dave Roberts gave them a quick hook after Arizona scored two runs in the fifth inning . The move also seemed a bit perplexing since Roberts admitted their bullpen has been overused lately .
Following the two-game set against the Rockies , the Dodgers hit the road for a seven-game trip to face the Diamondbacks again and then the Giants . After two days in Los Angeles , Colorado returns home to face San Francisco this weekend .
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now !
When you 're the star who owns a 31,000-square-foot mansion with a full-length basketball court , helicopter landing pad and 24 60-inch flat screens , income equality is inherently difficult to broach .
Even trickier is making a staunch argument that your brethren are underpaid , and the NASCAR industry needs revenue redistribution .
Denny Hamlin might not be the ideal guy to make the case , but they are the right guy to put forth a complex and divisive topic that at least is worthy of attention and conversation .
A little more than three years ago , the Joe Gibbs Racing driver gathered their peers in the parking lot of the NASCAR R & D center , handed out notecards with talking points to ensure consistent messaging and went inside to meet with Mike Helton and other NASCAR executives .
That was the genesis of the Drivers Council , which is in its third year of tackling major issues in Cup through regular audiences with the sanctioning body .
“ It 's because I 'm passionate about it , ” Hamlin explained during a February episode of the NASCAR on NBC podcast . “ Gibbs says the same thing every time we come around to contract negotiations : You 're very passionate about something and stick to your guns .
“ I just feel like when I 'm passionate about something , first I want to make sure it 's right . I do n't want to just say , ‘ This is my idea , and it 's right because it 's my idea . ' I want to get feedback from other drivers on that to make sure it 's the right idea . I 'm passionate about it , and I feel I have a way to communicate that to NASCAR without pissing them off at times . ”
Not always , of course .
Hamlin 's comments Wednesday morning were n't received well in some powerful corners of the Cup Series ( on Thursday , NASCAR senior vice president Steve O'Donnell said Hamlin “ might need to speak to some of the other stakeholders and maybe get a little bit better education ” ) and assuredly led to some form of them being read the riot act by someone with a board-level title . And it is n't the first time they have been willing to enter the crosshairs for what they believe in , either .
This is the same driver who once steadfastly refused to pay a fine in March 2013 for a rather innocuous review of the Gen 6 car that was deemed “ detrimental to stock-car racing. ” A deal eventually was brokered in which they paid , but NASCAR took the major PR hit because Hamlin stood their ground .
A few years before that , it was an unannounced $ 50,000 fine for an offhand remark about debris cautions on Twitter . NASCAR discontinued its secret fine system a year later .
The son of a trailer-hitch business owner from the Richmond , Va. , area , has their detractors for living lavishly ( he has n't been shy about showcasing their Lake Norman abode ) , but there can be no questioning Hamlin 's willingness to go to the mat for that which they believe .
And the even-keeled manner Wednesday in which they addressed the economics for drivers and teams was indicative of the fact that they clearly have deliberated on this for a long time before landing on a position that was controversial for many — notably fans who are tired of hearing about athletes commanding nine- to 10-figure annual salaries and demanding more .
The question of whether pro sports stars are worthy of such disproportionate compensation is a separate argument for another day , but it 's indisputable that NBA and NFL players have among the best labor deals in pro sports – receiving roughly 50 % of their leagues ' primary revenue streams .
It also is beyond debate that if there is a driver qualified to weigh in on that , it 's Hamlin – regardless of their opulent lifestyle ( whether it 's fair to judge how they or anyone chooses to spend their money is yet another question ) .
In the absence of Jeff Gordon , Tony Stewart and now the impending retirement of Dale Earnhardt Jr. , there are fewer drivers than any point in recent memory willing to embrace the scrutiny that accompanies speaking out on a major issue , particularly in a league that is beholden in many ways to image-conscious corporate sponsors .
Hamlin and Brad Keselowski are those who most consistently voice objections when they feel strongly about a topic , and in Wednesday 's case , it 's an issue that should concern everyone – the long-term viability of race teams that make the weekly show possible .
After being asked about whether the 2018 rules would help reduce costs for teams , Hamlin confirmed it would to a degree ( via “ stacking pennies , ” as it 's known in NASCAR vernacular ) . But they also leaped to a larger solution : Finding a way teams no longer would be so reliant on corporate sponsorship , which is becoming scarcer each season ( for some reasons beyond NASCAR 's control ) .
“ The pie has to be shifted , ” they said , implying that race teams , which currently receive a quarter of the largest guaranteed revenue stream , should be given more .
This is where things get complicated in an unavoidable mess of optics .
If you 're having an honest discussion about making team financials work , it 's natural to ask whether it should start with jettisoning driver salaries that can be a massive seven- or eight-figure line item . Hamlin was asked just that Wednesday , and they candidly responded that drivers are underpaid , particularly those on the back half of the grid .
This understandably is a hard sell to a fan base that is middle class and traditionally blue collar . No one wants to hear that drivers who make millions are n't getting their due . From a philosophical standpoint , no professional athlete is underpaid .
But in the real world , it 's fact that NASCAR drivers do n't stack up with their counterparts – even though they are face greater occupational hazards ( yes , the riskiest jobs often do n't draw the largest salaries – this is comparative analysis , not an exacting thesis on the shortcomings of capitalism ) .
NFL and NBA players earn a greater percentage of league income through their labor contracts ( again , it 's a separate discussion why stock-car racing does n't have them , and drivers are in a weaker position partly of their own making ) . NASCAR driver salaries are closely guarded secrets , but it 's reasonable to presume it 's nowhere near 50 % of guaranteed revenue .
When Hamlin lobbies for driver earnings to be commensurate with other leagues , they are n't suggesting they deserve the $ 40 million annual deals that many NBA stars are getting ( though they and other NASCAR stars probably should get a similarly proportionate shake , the NBA 's current popularity makes it more flush with cash ) .
Hamlin is n't so tone-deaf to demand their lakeside estate could use a few technological add-ons and a new parquet court .
But they are arguing the disparity from the top to bottom of the grid needs to be fixed . There are benchwarmers in the NBA who are earning more annually than all but a handful of NASCAR stars . The last quarter of a NASCAR field is n't anywhere close to that stratosphere .
How does that get addressed ?
Well , making the teams more self-sufficient – the starting point Wednesday for Hamlin – would help . Should that help come from racetracks owned by publicly traded companies that are receiving a lion 's share of revenue ( again , another way in which NASCAR understandably is different from other pro sports leagues ) ?
These are n't easy topics for the NASCAR industry to ponder , but they get addressed only after starting a dialogue .
And as usual , Hamlin was the one willing to go there .
While you 're screaming about their lofty standards of living , it 's worth remembering they partly enjoy them because of their willingness to fight .
XXX
As the oldest driver at Hendrick Motorsports by more than 17 years , the comforting interaction of Jimmie Johnson , 42 , with Chase Elliott , 21 , after Sunday 's race at Dover could be a preview of an expanding role for the seven-time series champion as mentor in 2018 . Alex Bowman , 24 , and William Byron , 19 , will race Cup for Hendrick next year .
“ I 'm here for those guys , ” Johnson said Thursday night during Hendrick 's splashy car and driver unveiling for next season . “ I honestly walked over to Chase , and I did n't know what to say . They did n't really know what to say , either . But it was ‘ Hey buddy , I 'm here , if you want to scream , yell , punch something , kick something , anything you need , I 'm here . ' He 's like , ‘ I do n't even know what to say . ' I said , ‘ That 's fine , just know when or if or whatever it might be , I 'm here . ' I 've had guys here for me , I just want to be that person for my teammates as well . ”
When Johnson joined Hendrick in 2002 , they spent their early years just watching Jeff Gordon and said they can sense Byron ( who grew up in the same neighborhood where Johnson lives ) doing the same .
“ It can be as simple as just being around and seeing how people carry themselves to actually sitting down and working through a given topic , ” they said . “ I am aware that ( Byron ) is paying attention and Alex is , and I need to lead by example on a lot of fronts . But at same time , we might have to sit down and talk through some things , too . ”
It 's a little new for Johnson , who only last year shifted into more of a leadership role in becoming Hendrick 's driving dean with the retirement of Gordon .
“ The majority of my career has been the up and coming , the young gun , all these titles in front of my name , ” Johnson said . “ Then veteran appeared , and now it 's like senior citizen . It definitely is different , but I 'm young at heart , so I 'll fit in well , and I know all three of these guys so well , and excited to have that youth in our program . ”
XXX
Alex Bowman also is the guest on the latest NASCAR on NBC podcast , discussing their road to the No.88 Chevrolet , the advice he 's gotten from Dale Earnhardt Jr. ( and the social media tips they have offered him ) and the harrowing Midget crash that once left them in intensive care for several days .
You can listen to the podcast by clicking on the AudioBoom embed below or download and subscribe to the podcast on Apple Podcasts by clicking here .
It also is available on Stitcher by clicking here and also can be found on Google Play , Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts .
The free subscriptions will provide automatic downloads of new episodes to your smartphone .
XXX
There have been industry meetings galore in Charlotte this week with Sunday 's quasi-home game at Charlotte Motor Speedway bringing virtually all of the industry power brokers to NASCAR 's hub .
With the 2018 rules distributed to teams Tuesday , NASCAR met Thursday afternoon with Goodyear about next season to lock down the competitive landscape for 2018 . After that 's done , O'Donnell said meetings will begin in earnest on mapping out the Gen 7 car that is expected to be phased in within the next few years .
XXX
A documentary about Danica Patrick directed by longtime ESPN anchor Hannah Storm is expected to make its debut next month , and a trailer that briefly appeared online last week hinted that it will be quite revelatory .
In a preview that ran a couple of minutes , the Epix production alluded to Patrick 's fiery outbursts , their desire to start a family and their diminishing tolerance for questions about their career and motives . There also were snippets of an interview with Bobby Rahal , their former car owner in IndyCar , who predicted Patrick would have won the Indianapolis 500 by now if they had n't transitioned to NASCAR but added that they increased their earnings power by racing stock cars .
Patrick has tweeted the movie 's release is scheduled for Nov. 8 .
Ca n't wait for you all to see the @ epixhd documentary that @ HannahStormESPN directed . I have… https : //t.co/objFgYwAUw — Danica Patrick ( @ DanicaPatrick ) July 25 , 2017
XXX
Ryan Blaney did two things after their Xfinity win at Dover International Speedway that were trend-worthy , but only one drew much attention . While admirably giving the checkered flag to a young fan deserved the raft of attention it received , the Team Penske driver 's decision to skip a postrace victory burnout also should be hailed as an example for others to consider .
“ It 's not really my thing , ” said Blaney , who also skipped burnouts after an Xfinity win at Charlotte in May and their first Cup win at Pocono Raceway in June . “ I used to do them and just not a fan of them anymore , especially when people destroy their race cars . That raises a lot of questions .
“ I just do n't think that it 's really that nice to do . That 's just something personal that I do n't think a big smoky burnout ( does ) . You can just go down there and give a big wave to the fans , and they get pretty pumped up about that as a big , smoky burnout and all that . Just personal preference . ”
It 's a preference we would n't mind seeing the rest of their generation adopt , particularly with the recent questions about a celebration that really does nothing more than amplify exuberance with mind-numbing destruction . There are classier ways to carry the checkered flag , as Blaney showed .
Man rapes and kills their girlfriend 's 1-year-old son
A 1-year-old boy has died after being raped and killed by their mother 's boyfriend . The man known for being a street goon has been charged with murder , aggravated assault , rape , involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and related offenses . The suspect has been named as 24-year-old Saleem Salaam , from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , USA . Police said that they brutally [ … ]
The post Man rapes and kills their girlfriend 's 1-year-old son appeared first on Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Trump will travel to Wisconsin Tuesday , where they will sign an order aimed at changing a visa program that brings in highly skilled workers from overseas .
The order , dubbed “ Buy American , Hires American , ” would direct the departments of Homeland Security , Justice , Labor and State to propose new rules to prevent immigration fraud and abuse . Those departments would also be asked to offer changes so that H-1B visas are awarded to the “ most-skilled or highest-paid applicants . ”
The White House said the H-1B program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labor and said some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages .
Administration officials said the order also seeks to strengthen requirements that American-made products be used in certain federal construction projects , as well as in various federal transportation grant-funded projects . The officials said the commerce secretary will review how to close loopholes in enforcing the existing rules and provide recommendations to the president .
The order specifically asks the secretary to review waivers of these rules that exist in free-trade agreements . The administration said that if the waivers are not benefiting the United States they will be “ renegotiated or revoked . ”
During their campaign , Trump said at some points they supported high-skilled visas , then came out against them . At one debate , they called for fully ending the program , saying : “ It 's very bad for our workers and it 's unfair for our workers . And we should end it . ”
The officials said the changes could be administrative or legislative and could include higher fees for the visas , changing the wage scale for the program or other initiatives .
About 85,000 H-1B visas are distributed annually by lottery . Many go to technology companies , which argue that the United States has a shortage of skilled technology workers .
But critics say the program has been hijacked by staffing companies that use the visas to import foreigners — often from India — who will work for less than Americans . The staffing companies then sell their services to corporate clients who use them to outsource tech work .
Employers from Walt Disney World to the University of California in San Francisco have laid off their tech employees and replaced them with H-1B visa holders . Adding to the indignity : The U.S. workers are sometimes asked to train their replacements to qualify for severance packages .
On the planned order by Trump , Ronil Hira , a professor in public policy at Howard University and a critic of the H-1B program , told the Associated Press , “ It 's better than nothing. ” But they added , “ It 's not as aggressive as it needs to be . ”
The tech industry has argued that the H-1B program is needed because it encourages students to stay in the U.S. after getting degrees in high-tech specialties — and they ca n't always find enough American workers with the skills they need .
Congress is considering several bills to overhaul the visa program . One , introduced by Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Ill. and Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , would require companies seeking H-1B visas to first make a good-faith effort to hire Americans , a requirement many companies can dodge under the current system ; give the Labor Department more power to investigate and sanction H-1B abuses ; and give “ the best and brightest ” foreign students studying in the U.S. priority in getting H-1B visas .
Trump will sign the order at the Kenosha headquarters of tool manufacturer Snap-on Inc. Their visit comes as the president faces an approval rating of just 41 percent in Wisconsin , a state they barely won in November . The visit also would take them to the congressional district of House Speaker Paul Ryan , who wo n't be joining the president because he 's on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries .
Trump has traveled to promote their agenda less than their recent predecessors . White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump wanted to visit “ a company that builds American-made tools with American workers . ”
Trump carried Wisconsin in November by nearly 23,000 votes — less than 1 percentage point — making them the first Republican to win the state since 1984 . They campaigned on the promise of returning manufacturing jobs that have been lost in Upper Midwest states .
Founded in Wisconsin in 1920 , Snap-on makes hand and power tools , diagnostics software , information and management systems , and shop equipment for use in a variety of industries , including agriculture , the military and aviation . It has eight manufacturing sites in North America , including one in Milwaukee . The company employs about 11,000 people worldwide .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
A Tennessee woman 's video of their son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers .
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post they had just picked up their son , Keaton , from school because they were too afraid to go to lunch .
LeBron James was among the stars to show their support for Keaton Jones . Gregory Shamus / Getty Images file
In the video , Keaton said other students call them ugly , make fun of their nose and tell them they have no friends . They said milk was poured on them and ham was put down theirs clothes .
`` Just out of curiosity , why do they bully ? '' Keaton said . `` What 's the point of it ? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them ? It 's not OK .
`` People that are different do n't need to be criticized about it . It 's not their fault . If you are made fun of , just do n't let it bother you . ''
The video had more than 22 million views by early Monday .
`` We all know how it feels to want to belong , '' Jones said in their post , `` but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere . ''
Among those offering their support to Keaton Jones through social media were actor Chris Evans , Cleveland Cavaliers stars LeBron James and J.R. Smith and UFC champion Stipe Miocic .
Stay strong , Keaton . Do n't let them make you turn cold . I promise it gets better . While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world , how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year ? https : //t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans ( @ ChrisEvans ) December 10 , 2017
That 's a damn shame . Keaton if your around when we play in Memphis i would love to invite you to one of our games . Head up Champ ! https : //t.co/Moh9ObdgX8 — JR Smith ( @ TheRealJRSmith ) December 11 , 2017
Damn right ! Bullies are straight up wack , corny , cowards , chumps , etc , etc ! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward ! You 're the best https : //t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James ( @ KingJames ) December 11 , 2017
Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game , while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said they and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school .
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time they come home to their native Knoxville , they want to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize .
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I 'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say they are sorry to you . you do n't deserve that . keep your head up and continue to be kind ... you will always Come out on top . sending a hug . https : //t.co/fZn2hbMPKp — Kelsea Ballerini ( @ KelseaBallerini ) December 10 , 2017
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter they want Keaton to `` add me to your long list of friends , '' and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton `` has a friend for life '' and that `` love is the only way to beat hate . ''
In the past few years , the Internet of Things ( IoT ) has swiftly moved from the era of pilot projects and proofs-of-concept to mainstream production . Companies are starting to run their businesses on IoT , not just experiment with it . While IoT is picking up steam , adoption is still limited by business structures , organizational culture , changing talent needs , integration with legacy systems , security , and fragmented standards . But what about the underlying IoT technologies ? Are they keeping up with the accelerating demands of IoT ?
Let 's look at some of the technology transitions IoT needs to grow :
Analytics and Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) are the “ secret sauce ” of IoT . We are moving swiftly from the traditional model of centralized batch analytics to the real-time processing of data in motion . AI and IoT are emerging as perfect partners . IoT is both the source of real-time data for AI applications , and the means of executing AI decisions . While many AI applications are still in the proof-of-concept stage , it is already a transformative part of many production IoT applications . In fact , AI technology is the backbone of predictive analytics and predictive maintenance , two of four well-proven “ fast-paths to IoT payback ” I have identified .
Read the entire article here , Are IoT Technologies Making the Grade ?
via the fine folks at Cisco Systems .
COPENHAGEN — Danish police say divers have found the decapitated head , legs and clothes of a Swedish journalist , who was killed after going on a trip with an inventor on their submarine .
Copenhagen police investigator Jens Moeller Jensen said Saturday that the body parts were found Friday in plastic bags with a knife and “ heavy metal pieces ” to make them sink near where their naked headless torso was found in August .
Inventor Peter Madsen , who is in pre-trial detention , has said Wall died after being accidentally hit by a heavy hatch in the submarine . But police have said 15 stab wounds were found on the torso found at sea off Copenhagen on Aug. 21 . Them arms are still missing .
Wall 's cause of death has n't yet been established yet .
General News of Monday , 2 January 2017
Source : ultimatefmonline.com
Abdulai Naaba is the younger brother of Collins Dauda , Minister of Local gov't and Rural development
Abdulai Naaba , younger brother of Collins Dauda outgoing Minister of Local Government and Rural Development has fled Ghana into neighbouring Burkina Faso .
Controversial man of God and Founder of the International Godsway Church Bishop Daniel Obinim who revealed this to their congregation on the 31st December watch night service , disclosed that the wife of the runaway Naaba is also a member of their church .
They failed to state exactly when Naaba left Ghana but said they have been weeping ever since they left the shores of the country for fear that the incoming government may hunt them down for comments they purportedly made .
Bishop Obinim also revealed that the wife of Naaba is heavily pregnant for which reason they are appealing to the president-elect Nana Akufo-Addo and their vice to forgive Abdulai Naaba who is alleged to have made comments that ‘ he has killed people and they can kill again '
“ He is my church member , the wife who is pregnant is currently at this programme , please am on knees , they were just bragging , they can not even hurt a fly . Forgive him , please forgive him ' they pleaded in a very sober voice .
It would be recalled that Abdulai Naaba on an Accra-based radio station , mentioned that they will beat Kennedy mercilessly should they step foot in Asutifi South describing Kennedy as a mad man who only rants unnecessarily .
“ Who is Kennedy Agyapong to threaten me with death , we have been killing before they were born . I have killed human beings and I will finish anybody with bad intentions before their time “ he concluded .
Poll Shows Parents Want Sex Education Taught in Schools
by Rashad Snell
A recent statewide phone survey commissioned by the Alabama Campaign to Prevent Teen Pregnancy ( ACPTP ) has found that 83 % of parents with children enrolled in public schools want sex education taught in public schools . A team at the University of South Alabama conducted the survey .
Respondents were asked 36 substantive questions and five demographic questions . The survey found…
-98 % said it was very important that children learn about HIV/AIDS and sexually transmitted infections ( STI )
-91 % said it was very important that children learn how to talk to their girlfriend , boyfriend or partner about birth control and sexually transmitted diseases
-86 % said it was very important that the effectiveness of birth control is addressed
“ For parents , talking to their children about sexual health and relationships can be a very difficult and complicated conversation , ” says ACPTP executive director Jamie Keith . “ One of the Campaign 's priorities is to ensure young people receive medically-accurate , age-appropriate and evidence informed sexual health education . In our public schools qualified professionals can answer questions parents may not feel comfortable with answering or for which they may not have the answers . ”
The challenges of unplanned teen pregnancy are well known , but what is not discussed is the high risk of sexually transmitted infections . In 2015 , Alabama was ranked # 9 in the country in both gonorrhea and chlamydia infections . Shockingly , adolescents and young adults aged 15-24 accounted for 71 percent of chlamydia and 61 percent of gonorrhea infections . “ Strides have been made in reducing Alabama 's teen pregnancy rate , ” adds Keith . “ But we can do more to lower both the pregnancy and STI rates . ”
Statewide and county teen pregnancy rates and a copy of the survey can be found on our website www.acptp.org . On the home page click the top banner to access the full survey .
During a massive campaign rally today in Paris nationalist politician Marine Le Pen was targeted by a far-left loon who rushed the stage and came within inches of the presidential candidate before security forces took action .
The activist disguised themselves as a Le Pen supporter carrying flowers and rushed the stage , it took several seconds for the security team to react . Thankfully no-one was hurt . Video Below :
.
Le Pen 's security apparatus need to step up their approach ; because if that had been a violent attack their response time would have been far too late .
The video at the top of the page is the best view of the event . However , here 's some secondary video :
Advertisements
FREETOWN , Sierra Leone — Hundreds of people are believed to have been killed when a mudslide struck the outskirts of Sierra Leone 's capital on Monday , Vice President Victor Foh said .
The Red Cross put the number of bodies so far at the central morgue in the capital , Freetown , at 179 .
Earlier , an official at the morgue at Connaught Hospital in Freetown said it had received 70 bodies and police and soldiers were bringing in more .
Flooded streets in Regent near Freetown , on Aug. 14 , 2017 . AFP - Getty Images
The death toll is expected to rise as more bodies are recovered , Red Cross spokesperson Abu Bakarr Tarawallie said .
`` It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble , '' Foh said the mountain town of Regent . They said a number of illegal buildings had been erected in the area .
`` The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken , '' they said . `` We 're trying to cordon the area . Evacuate the people . ''
Mudslides and floods are fairly common during the rainy season in West Africa , where deforestation and poor town planning has put residents at risk .
London fire : How group warned of ‘ catastrophic event ' 7 months ago
Residents association , Grenfell Action Group , gave warnings of a potential “ catastrophic event ” seven months before Wednesday 's massive fire incident at a tower block in North Kensington , London . The fire resulted in the hospitalisation of 50 persons and an unspecified number of deaths , according to London Fire Chief , Dany Cotton . In a series of blog posts , [ … ]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot : Nigerian Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nest Labs Debuts Smart Doorbell with Facial Recognition Technology
Home device maker Nest Labs is adding Google 's facial recognition technology to a camera-equipped doorbell and rolling out a security system in an attempt to end its history of losses .
The products announced Wednesday expand upon the internet-connected thermostats , smoke detectors and stand-alone security cameras that Nest has been selling since its inception six years ago .
Although Nest has been among the early leaders in the effort to make home appliances as intelligent as people 's smartphones , it has n't been able to make money to the frustration of its corporate parent , Alphabet . In an attempt to shake things up , Alphabet brought in cable industry veteran Marwan Fawaz to replace Nest founder Tony Fadell as CEO after Fadell stepped down 15 months ago .
Nest had been supplementing its existing product line with slightly different choices until Wednesday 's move into entirely new categories .
The Hello doorbell comes with a built-in video camera and speakers that will make it seem like it can recognize and talk to people .
The doorbell will draw upon Google 's facial recognition technology so it can warn a home 's occupants when a stranger approaches . Google bought Nest for $ 3.2 billion in 2014 and then spun it off after it hatched Alphabet as its parent company .
Nest is now lumped into a group of risky companies venturing into new areas of technology that have collectively lost $ 10.6 billion during the past three-and-half years alone . Alphabet has n't disclosed how much Nest has contributed to it the losses in its `` Other Bets '' segment
Nest is n't announcing a price for its new doorbell until it hits the market sometime during the first three months of next year .
Google 's facial recognition technology is coming to the doorbell a few months after Nest introduced a more sophisticated indoor security camera featuring the same tool . Nest also announced Wednesday that the same facial recognition tools will be deployed on an outdoor security camera that will cost $ 349 .
Apple is implanting a different form of facial recognition into its $ 1,000 iPhone X to unlock the device , telegraphing a future where cameras increasingly are going to be able to identify people within its lens ' range . The new phone will be released in November .
Nest 's usage of facial recognition has n't yet sparked privacy concerns because it does n't tap into Google 's vast database of photos to automatically recognize people . Instead , a user of the Nest camera or doorbell must manually tag and name people before the device recognizes someone .
The Nest home security system is being billed as a simpler and more convenient way to protect a home than the alarms and other kinds of sensors that have long been sold by other vendors . Nest 's `` Secure '' system will sell for $ 499 for its basic toolkit of devices .
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Product shot by Nest Labs .
This image taken from video , early Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , shows an armoured vehicle driving down a street after an attack in Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso . Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso late Sunday , killing at least 18 people in the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years . @ Yabsi1er via AP )
Family fun will have a competitive edge as a personal trainer and their team rise to the challenge of raising cash for St Nicholas Hospice Care .
As one of 50 businesses in the annual Jacobs Allen Accumulator Challenge , Lucy Cronin and their 365Motivate Team will be holding a family fun day on Sunday ,
The challenge sees businesses pitted against each other aiming to turn their £50 stake money donated by Jacobs Allen into as much cash as they can .
Lucy said : “ At 365Motivate we always look forward to the Accumulator Challenge . It 's a great opportunity to have some fun , take on a challenge and raise some money for a fantastic cause , and we hope as many people as possible will join us for our family fun day . ”
It will run from midday to 5pm at Green House Farm in Timworth , and be packed with entertainment for all ages .
Activities include : a tug of war , sack races as well as egg and spoon races , with face painting and music from the Suffolk Music Teachers .
For those feeling particularly competitive there will be a rounders competition . Each team will have seven and a half minutes to score as many rounders as they can with the two highest scoring teams in the final .
Each team needs to be six to nine players strong and it costs £28 per team to enter by emailing lucy @ 365Motivate.co.uk
There will also be a cake stall and doughnut eating competition as well as cocktail making for the grown-ups .
The team will also fundraising with cake sales on August 22 and 23 at the Moreton Hall Health Club and they will be doing a sponsored 16 hour spinathon on September 1 at Unit 1 Gym , Kempson Way , from 6am to 10pm .
Sponsor 365Motivate at www.justgiving.com/fundraising/365motivatespinathon
U.S. Geological Survey researchers have created a new DNA marker to detect the presence of manatees in waters where they may not be easily spotted . Red Huber MCT/Orlando Sentinel
The debate on promoting NASCAR 's young drivers and its veterans ?
Rookie William Byron would be in the center of that but for all the talk they note something most should keep in mind when debating this topic :
“ We 're ultimately going to have to prove ourselves on the race track and do the things that we 're capable of , '' they said .
Byron enters this season as among the most fascinating stories in Cup . A 20-year-old who learned to race on a computer , they come off their Xfinity championship season to drive for one of the sport 's top teams and take over the iconic No . 24 car .
“ It 's definitely going to be a big challenge , '' Byron said . “ There are a lot of new things that I have to think about and approach differently , but I think this year is going to be a really good year for us . We have a great team , and I feel like everyone at Hendrick is ready to get to the race track . There 's a lot of excitement and new things that we 're approaching . ”
Byron joins a youthful Hendrick Motorsports lineup of Chase Elliott ( 22 years old ) and Alex Bowman ( 24 ) that will be paired with seven-time champion Jimmie Johnson ( 42 ) .
“ This is really a dream come true to be part of the Cup series and be with a great race team that has a chance to win , '' Byron said . “ I think , for us , we 're going to try to win races . We have all the resources and tools to do that and we 're trying to focus those in the right areas to make sure we 're ready for the season . ”
Byron looks to become the first rookie since Chris Buescher in 2016 to win a Cup race . Byron will be paired with crew chief Darian Grubb , who won the 2011 championship with Tony Stewart .
“ He 's been with a lot of different drivers and has won with every one of them , '' Byron said of Grubb . “ You do n't find people like that very often , and I feel like he 's an asset to our organization . “ I feel he 's pretty aggressive with how they approach the weekend , and you want somebody like that . ”
Byron got off to a good start at this week 's Las Vegas test , their first time in the new Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 . Byron was fifth on the speed chart on the final day after pacing the morning session .
Byron also is getting help from Jeff Gordon , who has talked with the youngster throughout the offseason .
“ When you have guys like Jeff or Jimmie ( Johnson ) behind the scenes helping you become a better driver , you ca n't ask for much more as a rookie , '' Byron said . “ I think I have all the chances to do it and I have all the resources I need . ”
Johnson admits the young group , including Byron , is making an impact on him .
“ I 'm excited about a fresh perspective , '' Johnson said . “ I find myself going in a cycle of looking what worked in different years , from a driver 's standpoint , there are only a few things we can do to really be prepared .
“ In talking with William , just as an example , they think that driving an RC car , seeing it from a different perspective , working on your hand-eye coordination from that vantage point is helpful . Hell , I 've never thought of that . I have n't driven an RC car since I was their age . It 's just a different way to look at things .
“ I do n't know which ones are going to work for me , but it 's nice to have these different options around . I 've kind of been through my bag of tricks year after year . Definitely excited to look at some new ideas . ''
Had a really productive couple days of testing in Las Vegas , just getting back home and I ca n't wait for Daytona . We have a great group of guys it 's gon na be fun @ LibertyU @ Axalta @ TeamHendrick pic.twitter.com/JNuWifil1V — William Byron ( @ WilliamByron ) February 2 , 2018
Follow @ dustinlong and on Facebook
Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman has concussion symptoms and has been ruled out for this week 's preseason game at Pittsburgh . Freeman left Sunday 's practice with heat-related issues . Coach Dan Quinn said Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , that Freeman reported the concussion symptoms after leaving the field and has been placed in the concussion protocol . ( AP Photo/Eric Gay , File ) Eric Gay AP
William Colby Ledford , of Farner , is to have no contact with any juveniles following their arrest Saturday , Feb. 11 , on ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news . Not yet a subscriber ? Subscribe today
Yusra Khogali is a major Black Lives Matter leader in Canada . They have played a major role in the movement gaining ground and influence in Canada , and their personal views on race and society are truly alarming . The movement claims to be focused only on helping African Americans to get proper support from the public and further moral causes . And then they do crazy things like riot , commit acts of violence , loot , and make horrific statements like this one .
Here is what they had to say ,
“ White ppl need white supremacy as a mechanism to protect their survival as a people because all they can do is produce themselves . black ppl simply through their dominant genes can literally wipe out the white race if we had the power to , ” they continued .
Khogali bases their theory on the idea that “ white people have a higher concentration of enzyme inhibitors that suppress melanin production . ”
Is anyone else horrified by this ? How is this anything other than horrific racism ? I agree that blacks should be held on same level as any other race . But that does not mean that you should tear down others . These same arguments of some races being genetically superior to others used to be used to justify discrimination against blacks . And now it is going to be used by them ? ? ? How twisted is that ?
We have to move past this on both sides of the spectrum if we are going to be able to heal and succeed as a world full of diversity and differences .
This has to stop .
In brief : Boom Supersonic has gotten another boost towards its goal of commercial supersonic flight by 2023 . Boom founder Blake Scholl has announced a partnership with Japan Airlines , which invested $ 10 million in the company .
SUPERSONIC FLIGHT 'S ROCKY PAST
We are one step closer to an affordable reboot of supersonic flight . Japan Airlines ( JAL ) has invested $ 10 million in the Denver-based aerospace company , Boom Supersonic , that 's planning to resurrect the method of travel . In exchange for their funding , JAL will be able to pre-order 20 of the new aircraft . The airline 's president , Yoshiharu Ueki , said in a press release from December 5 : “ Through this partnership , we hope to contribute to the future of supersonic flight with the intent of providing more time to our valued passengers while emphasizing flight safety . ”
It 's been 14 years since British Airways and Air France grounded their Concorde fleets , and commercial air travel has n't hit supersonic speeds since . Fourteen of these planes ferried first-class passengers from New York to London at speeds of 1,353 mph ( 2177.44 kph ) — twice as fast as the speed of sound — making the jaunt across the pond in only 3.5 hours . That 's about half the time it takes a normal passenger plane to cross the Atlantic Ocean .
But the supersonic travel industry was hampered by prohibitive costs . Not only did it need four times as much fuel per passenger as a Boeing 747 airbus , but the average cost of a round-trip ticket was $ 12,000 . Passenger numbers also dropped dramatically after the fiery crash of Air France Flight 4590 in Paris killed everyone on board .
A “ BABY ” CONCORDE
“ We 've been working with Japan Airlines behind the scenes for over a year now , ” said Blake Scholl , founder and CEO of Boom Supersonic in the press release . The companies have been collaborating to improve the plane 's design for passengers on board in addition to technical aspects .
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast : Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability , Liberty Bowl
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
London Fire Update : 6 Feared Dead , 50 Injured As Blaze Engulfs Grenfell Tower
No less than six persons were confirmed dead with about 50 others injured on Wednesday morning after a blaze ripped through a high-rise apartment block in the British capital as residents slept .
More than 250 firefighters battled the inferno at Grenfell Tower in west London through the night as eyewitnesses said people were trapped in the burning building screaming for help and yelling for their children to be saved .
Local resident Tim Downie told NBC News they saw “ people dangling children out the windows to try and get them to safety ” as flames spread upwards . Another witness recounted watching someone jumping from it .
Firefighters rescued “ large numbers ” , but London Mayor Sadiq Khan said “ a lot ” of people were unaccounted for .
It is also understood that the 24-storey block , which is still on fire , looks at risk of collapsing .
During the night , eyewitnesses said they saw lights – thought to be mobile phones or torches – flashing at the top of the block of flats , and trapped residents coming to their windows – some holding children .
London Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton called it an “ unprecedented incident , ” adding that a “ number of fatalities ” had been confirmed .
This is even as the Police later put the death toll at 6 , but warned that figure was likely to grow .
Cotton said the cause of the fire was not yet known and it was too early to speculate on the building , although it was structurally safe enough for their crews to be working inside .
“ In my 29 years of being a firefighter , I have never , ever seen anything of this scale , ” Cotton said . “ This is a major fire that 's affected all floors of the 24-story structure from the second floor upwards . ”
They urged all residents to make sure they had reported themselves to police so that the authorities know they are safe .
By mid-morning , the building looked to be just smoking ruins but the fire has again taken hold , and cladding is falling to the ground .
Grenfell Tower has around 130 units . It is located about a mile northwest of Kensington Palace and is also near the Portobello Road market tourist attraction .
The post London Fire Update : 6 Feared Dead , 50 Injured As Blaze Engulfs Grenfell Tower appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker has called on ICAO to step in to the diplomatic rift between Qatar and the Gulf states that have closed their airspace to Qatar Airways .
Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) , Bahrain and Egypt last week cut diplomatic ties with Qatar , cutting off all flights from Qatar and disallowing Qatar Airways from using their airspace . The move not only halted air traffic between Qatar and the four Gulf states , but also is forcing Qatar Airways to fly longer distances on some long-haul routes to avoid those countries ' airspace .
“ This blockade is unprecedented and it is in direct contradiction to the convention that guarantees rights to civil overflight , ” Al Baker said in a June 14 statement . “ We call upon the International Civil Aviation Organization to declare this an illegal act . We are not a political body , we are an airline , and this blockade has stripped us of the rights which are guaranteed to us . ”
Nevertheless , Al Baker said it is “ business as usual ” for state-owned Qatar Airways “ with the vast majority of flights operating as scheduled . ”
In the last week , while the restrictions have been in place , Qatar Airways has operated 1,200 flights between Doha and more than 150 destinations “ with 90 % of those flights departing within 15 minutes of their scheduled departure time , ” Qatar Airways said .
The airline has said it will focus on expansion to other parts of the world . This week it launched Doha-Dublin service , and it will start flights between Doha and Nice , France July 4 . Doha-Skopje , Macedonia flights are scheduled to commence July 17 .
Qatar Airways is not shying away from its usual strong presence at the Paris Air Show , where next week its new “ QSuite ” business-class offering will be showcased .
Aaron Karp aaron.karp @ penton.com
The US said in its 2018 Nuclear Posture Review that Russia continues to violate a series of arms control treaties and commitments . `` In the nuclear context , the most significant Russian violation involves a system banned by the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty , '' said the 74-page US nuclear policy report released on Friday . The review , the first of this kind since 2010 , also calls for a `` lower-yield '' option with less powerful explosive capacity for ballistic and cruise missiles launched from submarines .
Russia has rejected Washington 's statements made in its 2018 Nuclear Posture Review that Moscow refuses to further decrease its nuclear capabilities . “ While just having a flick through the document , one can notice that its confrontational charge and anti-Russian focus stare in the face , ” the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Saturday , Xinhua news agency reported . “ The document 's statement that Russia allegedly refuses to further reduce its nuclear capabilities is yet another example of the blatant ‘ falsification ' , ” the statement said .
The US said in its 2018 Nuclear Posture Review that Russia continues to violate a series of arms control treaties and commitments . “ In the nuclear context , the most significant Russian violation involves a system banned by the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty , ” said the 74-page US nuclear policy report released on Friday . “ In a broader context , Russia is either rejecting or avoiding its obligations and commitments under numerous agreements , and has rebuffed US efforts to follow the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty ( START ) with another round of negotiated reductions and to pursue reductions in non-strategic nuclear forces , ” it added .
The Russian Foreign Ministry said it has nothing in common with the actual state of affairs . “ Certainly , we will be compelled to take into consideration the approaches introduced now by Washington and to take necessary steps in order to ensure own security , ” it noted . The Russian Foreign Ministry urged the US to “ team up to look for solutions to the problems that have been accumulating in the field of strategic stability . ”
The US report , which is largely in line with the 2010 review done by the Obama administration , reaffirms commitments to non-proliferation treaties but emphasizes the need to enhance capabilities to match with Russia , showing supports for US nuclear modernisation projects . The review , the first of this kind since 2010 , also calls for a “ lower-yield ” option with less powerful explosive capacity for ballistic and cruise missiles launched from submarines .
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast : Mistress carves messages into lover 's wife 's Honda Pause
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
5:33 Greg McGarity details west end zone project
2:23 `` I 've never seen anything like this , '' sheriff says of dangerous intersection
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin does n't happen often
3:08 Donald Trump 's Inauguration in three minutes
1:24 `` We know a Wesleyan graduate when we see her . ''
At this rate , it wo n't be long before someone comes up with a parody version of “ 12 Days of Christmas ” for Kyle Busch .
A little more than a third of the way through the Cup season , Busch is accumulating quite a list to count down . Consider :
Seven top-10s finishes .
A six-word press conference .
Five top-five finishes .
Four-race suspensions ( for their crew chief , rear tire changer and rear tire carrier ) .
Three races lost ( in the final 10 laps ) .
Two catchphrases ( “ Everything is great '' and “ I 'm not surprised about anything . '' )
And a memorable mic drop … or punch thrown … or bloody forehead … or commitment line violation … or All-Star win .
The former champion has packed more into 14 races than some drivers do in a year . Or two .
Despite the hurdles , Busch is fourth in the points heading into this weekend 's race at Michigan International Speedway . Of concern , though , is that Busch 's woes have left them with only four playoff points . Nine drivers have more playoff points — earned through stage wins or race victories — than Busch .
While Busch was challenged to make the Chase after missing the first 11 races of the 2015 season , they went on to win the title . The challenge this year is different .
This is n't about their body healing but their mind .
What 's happened to Busch this season can only add to the frustration from last year . He 's gone 30 races since their last Cup victory . For a driver who knows how close they are to 200 total wins in Cup , Xfinity and the Camping World Truck Series ( he 's at 173 ) , a winless drought of more than 10 months in Cup can be aggravating .
It 's not just him . Their three Joe Gibbs Racing teammates also have yet to win a point race this season . Busch has been close with multiple near-misses and leading 703 laps , second only to Martin Truex Jr. ( 876 laps led ) .
Many in the sport say momentum can play a key role in a team 's success . Strong runs can prove uplifting to team members and carry them and their driver through the tasks they face . Poor or frustrating results can wear on a driver and team .
That 's the challenge for Busch and their team in what has been a season full of lowlights and soundbites of frustration .
It started in the Daytona 500 when a tire issue caused Busch to spin and collect Dale Earnhardt Jr. , Erik Jones , Matt Kenseth and Ty Dillon .
“ Obviously , Goodyear tires just are n't very good at holding air , '' Busch told Fox .
Two weeks later , Busch was in a bigger controversy . A last-lap duel with Joey Logano led to contact that spun Busch and cost them a top-five spot ( he finished 22nd ) . Afterward , Busch walked up pit road to Logano and immediately swung at their competitor . Busch missed . In the ensuing melee , they fell to the ground and cut their forehead . With blood trickling down their forehead , they were led away .
“ I got dumped , ” Busch told Fox . “ Flat out wrecked me . That 's how Joey races . He 's going to get it . ”
The following week , Logano made Busch miserable again , but in a more indirect way . Logano blew a tire and crashed to bring out the final caution with Busch leading . Busch gave up the lead to pit for two tires . Ryan Newman stayed out , inherited the lead and held it the final six laps .
It was one of three times that Busch has lost the lead in the final 10 laps . They lost the lead on the last lap at Talladega and watched Ricky Stenhouse Jr. celebrate their first career Cup win . Busch lost the lead with 10 laps to go to Ryan Blaney last weekend at Pocono . Blaney went on to score their first career Cup series win .
Busch finished second in the Coca-Cola 600 but walked away upset with that result . Austin Dillon scored their first career Cup victory , winning on a fuel gamble . A frustrated Busch performed their now-famous mic drop in the media center after that race .
“ Different people show their emotions in different way , '' Busch said five days later at Dover . “ Unfortunately for me , mine has never been very gracious , and I do n't know if it will ever be . ''
Busch won the pole at Dover but saw their race change dramatically on Lap 18 of the 400-lap race . The jackman dropped the jack , signaling Busch to exit their pit stall , but the left rear wheel had not been attached . Busch sped away and the tire rolled off . The Cup Rule Book states that a wheel coming off a car is a four-race suspension for the crew chief , along with the tire changer and tire carrier responsible . They 'll be able to return for the July 8 race at Kentucky Speedway .
Other issues include their runner-up finish at Martinsville after they lost a duel with Brad Keselowski . Earlier in that race , Stenhouse moved Busch out of the way on the final lap of the second stage . Busch moved up the track , allowing Chase Elliott to slip by to win the stage and the playoff point .
Richmond also was frustrating for Busch . Running second , Busch followed Logano on to pit road on Lap 378 of the 400-lap race . Logano turned late on to pit road and just crossed the commitment line . Busch followed but their right side tires ran over the orange box at the end of the commitment line . The rule states that a driver must have all four tires below the box . NASCAR penalized Busch , who had to start at the tail end of the field . Instead of vying for the win , they finished 16th .
In this season of chaos , Busch did win but it does n't count as an official victory since the All-Star Race is a non-points event .
“ Hopefully this is a little bit of momentum , a little bit of wind in our sails , something we can build on , '' crew chief Adam Stevens said at the time .
The only thing they 've been able to build on the past two races is disappointment . The question is how much longer will it last ?
Follow @ dustinlong and on Facebook
