The province 's Serious Incident Response Team ( SIRT ) is investigating after Cape Breton Police and search and rescue personnel located the body of a young man .
Officials had been scouring the Sydney Mines , N.S. , area looking for Kobe Pink , who was last seen on December 28 .
At this time , police are not saying much about the case , only that a body was recovered by dive teams who were conducting a shoreline search for Pink near Pitt Street .
READ MORE : Cape Breton police find body while searching for missing person in Sydney Mines
Police say the body has been sent for an autopsy in Dartmouth and will not confirm if it belongs to the missing teen – or release the name of the deceased until next of kin are notified .
In a Facebook post , Kobe 's brother , George Pink said the teen would have turned 16 on Monday and that “ I will love you and remember you for the rest of my life . ”
SIRT is responsible for investigating all serious incidents involving police in Nova Scotia , whether or not there is an allegation of wrongdoing .
As a result of the investigation so far , SIRT says the young man may have been present at a gathering on Dec. 28 at a residence on Peck Street in Sydney Mines , where police were called to an unrelated complaint .
When police arrived at the gathering , SIRT says some youth fled the scene . Because the male may have fled the gathering , the matter was referred to them .
Anyone who may have witnessed anything in relation to the incident is asked to call SIRT at 1-855-450-2010 .
- Advertisement -
The prevailing hazy weather over major parts of the country has continued to disrupt flight operations , especially in the southern part of the country .
The disruption has led to flight cancellations by many airlines . The flight cancellations in many airports across the country began on Thursday .
An Enugu-bound Ethiopian flight was reportedly forced to return to Addis Ababa on Saturday at the point of landing because of bad weather .
At the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport , Abuja on Monday , only flights from Lagos and northern states were being announced for arrival and departure .
Abdulahi Saroke , the Station Manager of Azman Air at the Abuja airport , told NAN that the airline cancelled more than 10 north-bound flights on Thursday and Friday .
They attributed the cancellation to intense harmattan haze in the region .
Mr. Saroke said that over five flights from Lagos to Kano , Kaduna , Maiduguri , Yola and Kebbi were cancelled as well as two flights from Kano .
They said that though the weather had improved in the northern region , it had worsened in the southern part .
- Advertisement -
According to him , as on Monday morning , the flights from Kano and Maiduguri were processed but flights to Enugu and Benin could not be processed because bad weather has shifted to that region .
“ As I speak with you , no flight has taken off to Enugu and Benin and no flight has also come from those airports today .
“ The situation has been like that since Saturday but the northern region has improved . ''
Henrietta Yakubu , General Manager , Corporate Affairs , Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria , FAAN , confirmed that the bad weather had affected many flights across the country .
Ms. Yakubu said that the weather was a natural phenomenon that was beyond human control .
They added that local flight was yet to be recorded as at 2 p.m .
According to her , no flight d also taken off from or landed at Benin airport by that time .
The Nigerian Meteorological Agency ( NiMet ) , has persistently predicted dust and hazy weather and poor visibility of two to five kilometres and less than 1 , 000 metres over the entire country in the last few weeks .
The agency has been warning pilots consistently against adverse weather situations that could affect flight operations .
THE provincial government is stepping up its campaign to mobilize barangays in towns and cities of Cebu to adopt the “ purok ( neighborhood/zone ) ” system to deal with natural and human-made calamities .
Baltazar Tribunalo Jr. , head of the Provincial Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Office ( PDRRMO ) , said instituting the purok system will help barangays effectively deal with these calamities and other problems at their level .
In yesterday 's conference on community management disaster risk reduction at the Capitol Social Hall , Tribunalo said a purok system enables the barangay to build resilience and independence in responding to emergencies .
ADVERTISEMENT
They said a purok system can build a database that will identify every household , the area 's environmental hazards and their preparedness in dealing with emergencies .
Tribunalo said barangays should also set up an early warning system ( EWS ) and a purok Emergency Response Team ( ERT ) to assist their constituents .
KUALA LUMPUR : An Indonesian Islamic State ( IS ) leader in Syria and influential online recruiter and bomb-making instructor , Bahrum Naim , 34 , has been killed in a drone strike in Syria , according to security sources .
Their propaganda via the Internet radicalised and influenced many Indonesians to join IS in Syria . They also recruited people to become suicide bombers , including two Indonesian maids .
Advertisement
“ Bahrum Naim was killed by a US drone strike in Syria before Ramadan , ” a regional security source told Channel NewsAsia .
The month-long Muslim holy month of Ramadan started in mid-May this year .
It was previously reported that Naim was killed in November last year but authorities were not able to verify their death .
Regional security officials expect their death to weaken IS propaganda and funding in Indonesia in the short term .
Advertisement
Advertisement
“ Naim is very influential . They influenced many people to join IS . They taught people how to make bombs via the Telegram application where they uploaded many bomb-making manuals , ” said the source .
“ With their death , at the very least , it will reduce IS ( rate of ) propaganda , recruitment drives , bomb-making tutorials and funding ( for terror activities ) in Indonesia , ” the source added .
Naim is known to be a major source of funding for terror attacks and activities in Indonesia , including the 2016 suicide bombing and shooting at a Starbucks cafe in Jakarta which killed four civilians and injured more than 20 people .
“ It is estimated they recruited at least 10 people to assemble bombs and to become suicide bombers , ” a counter-terrorism source told Channel NewsAsia .
Naim was placed on the United Nations Security Council Sanctions list in July 2017 for “ participating in the financing , planning , facilitating , preparing , or perpetrating of acts or activities ” in support of IS as well as recruiting people for the terror organisation .
Share :
KARACHI - The Accountability Court on Tuesday sent Muhammad Javid Hanif , Muttahida Qaumi Movement Pakistan leader and former chairperson of Karachi Port Trust ( KPT ) , on judicial remand .
The National Accountability Bureau ( NAB ) produced Javid Hanif before Accountability Court in Karachi in charges regarding fake recruitments and corruptions in KPT . NAB inquiry officer pleaded the court to grant physical custody of the accused for further interrogation . The NAB official submitted that an inquiry against Javid Hanif has been concluded and a reference against them and others was sent to the chairperson NAB for approval .
The defence counsel has opposed NAB plea and submitted that an inquiry against their client has been completed and no further inquiry is required . The court after hearing arguments from both the sides , has rejected NAB plea and sent the accused to the judicial remand , till Junly16 . NAB Karachi has arrested Muhammad Javed Hanif from their residence .
According to the NAB prosecution , the accused was wanted in an investigation against officers of KPT on the charges of corruption , corrupt practices and abuse of authority for illegally appointing 940 employees in KPT in connivance with Muttahida Quami Movement MQM , leader , Babar Ghauri the then Minister Ports and Shipping .
The NAB prosecution stated that the appointments were made in violation of KPT law , rules and regulations . This huge number of appointments was made without advertisement of vacancies , competitive process , age criteria , medical examination of appointees and in violation of basic codal formalities . A large number of appointees had criminal record of as heinous cases as terrorism , premeditated murder and dacoity robbery etc . The illegal appointments resulted in loss to national exchequer to the tune of Rs 2.8 billion .
MQM reaction
Muttahida Qaumi Movement Pakistan Convener Dr Khalid Maqbool Siddiqui in a press conference condemned the arrest of MQM central executive member and nominated candidate Javaid Hanif .
Dr Siddiqui said that Hanif is guilty for signing the appointment letters of Karachi youngsters . They said that the PPP government used to distribute the thousands of the job through illegitimate way and ruined various institutions but no action has yet to be taken against the PPP in last ten years .
They demanded Chief Justice of Pakistan Saqib Nisar and Chief of Army Staff General Qamer Bajwa to take notice of the arrest of Javaid Hanif . Member MQM coordination Committee Faisal Sabzwari said that the NAB did not pay the attention since long but at the time election , arrested Hanif in the case of providing jobs to the youngsters of Karachi .
They demanded to the end such a discrimination and double standard .
BENGHAZI , Libya : Libyan forces fighting in Benghazi have lost four men and seen 10 wounded so far in December , five months after declaring victory in a campaign to control the eastern city , a medical source said on Monday .
Three of the dead from the Libyan National Army ( LNA ) were killed by snipers and one by a landmine as it faces resistance from a group of fighters in the Benghazi district of Khreibish .
There have been daily clashes in the area and occasional air strikes .
LNA commander Khalifa Haftar declared victory in a three-year military campaign against an array of Islamist militants and other fighters in Benghazi in early July .
The fighting is part of a broader conflict that developed following the 2011 fall of strongman Muammar Gaddafi . Haftar has opposed a U.N.-backed government based in the capital , Tripoli , as they have gradually strengthened their position on the ground .
( Reporting by Ayman al-Warfalli ; Writing by Aidan Lewis ; Editing by Richard Balmforth )
Advertisement
The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps ( NSCDC ) , Ondo State Command says it has arrested four suspects , destroyed 200,000 litres of diesel in the state .
Mr Pedro Awili , NSCDC state commandant , who said this in a statement issued by Mrs Ajoke Pelemo ( ASC I ) , command Public Relations Officer on Saturday in Akure , said the command also confiscated 2,710 litres of the product .
According to Awili , the suspects are Akin Akinyele , 42 , Alao Yusuf , 40 ; Aremu Saidi , 35 and Hassan Jimoh , 37 .
Awili said the suspects were arrested on January 31 , for illegal dealing in diesel along Lagos expressway , Ajibandele in Odigbo Local Government Area of the state .
They said that the raid was carried out by anti-vandal operatives of the state command in Ajibandele area where it was discovered that a lot of shops along the road were being run by illegal marketers .
They said that the suspects were still under investigation and would be charged to court immediately after the investigation .
NSCDC boss explained that illegal marketers were financiers and sponsors to those who break the right of way of either NNPC or SPDC to siphon crude oil and locally refine them in the creeks within the state .
According to him , illegal dealings in petroleum products is at the detriment of the public because it damages machinery and cause a lot of problems in the society due to the inflammable nature of the adulterated products .
Awili , therefore , implored the good citizens of the state to be security conscious and also report to the security agencies any illegal dealings in petroleum products .
They assured the general public that the corps would put more effort in bringing an end to illegal oil marketing in the state .
The commandant also warned individuals to desist from dealing in Illegal Petroleum products or face the wrath of the law .
- Advertisement -
The Presidential Committee on North-East Initiative ( PCNI ) , on Monday , begun a three-day capacity building training of 30 social media reporters in Borno .
The Vice Chairman of PCNI , Alhaji Tijjani Tumsah , made the disclosure at the inauguration of the exercise in Maiduguri .
They said the training was designed to expose reporters to best practices in reporting and use of social media in information dissemination .
They added that the training would assist in promoting hope , dignity , peaceful and harmonious coexistence in the North East .
They explained that the PCNI would encourage sharing of information to streamline synergy and efficiency of interventions , including humanitarian assistance and long term development programmes .
- Advertisement -
They noted that “ our aim is also to disseminate tools that will enable us to leverage on the power of the media to change the dominant narratives emanating from the North East .
“ Terrorist groups have come to realise the power of the new media and as such they use it effectively to deceive , delude and influence people , particularly youths .
“ We must rise to the challenge through our reportage on the same platform to counter hate messages with that of hope and tolerance . ”
Prof. Nana Tanko , the Director of Programmes of the Victims Support Fund ( VSF ) , said the training was a collaboration between PCNI and VSF .
Tanko said similar exercises would be conducted in the six states of the region to build capacity , promote accountability , transparency and visibility of interventions .
PORTLAND , Ore. – The annual Waterfront Blues Festival kicks off on July Fourth in Portland .
The festival runs July 4-7 at Tom McCall Waterfront Park .
Day passes are $ 15 in advance and $ 20 at the gate . Four-day festival passes run between $ 40 for regular admission and $ 1,250 for VIP passes .
The festival starts Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. with local and national artists , including Curtis Salgado , Beth Hart , and Dirty Revival .
Headliners include Robert Randolph and the Family Band , The Revivalists , The Mavericks , and George Thorogood & The Destroyers .
For the full lineup , click here .
The festival began in 1987 as the Rose City Blues Festival . The name changed in 1991 and it 's raised more than $ 10 million for the Oregon Food Bank over the course of its 30-year history .
Attendees are encouraged to take public transportation .
© 2018 KGW
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un had been `` very honourable '' and wanted to meet with Trump as soon as possible .
WASHINGTON : U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un had been `` very honourable '' and that discussions ahead of a planned meeting between the two leaders were going well .
`` We have been told directly that they would like to have the meeting as soon as possible , and we think that 's a great thing for the world , '' Trump told reporters during a meeting with French Prime Minister Emmanuel Macron at the White House .
`` We 're having ... very good discussions . Kim Jong-un , they really has been very open and I think very honourable from everything we 're seeing , '' Trump added .
Trump has said they could meet with Kim in late May or June .
The United States is pressing North Korea to denuclearize and has said it would keep up a policy of `` maximum pressure '' on Pyongyang to achieve that goal .
South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Thursday North Korea had expressed a commitment to `` complete denuclearization '' of the Korean peninsula , and North Korea said on Saturday it would immediately suspend nuclear and missile tests .
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Reporting by Jeff Mason ; Writing by Tim Ahmann ; Editing by David Alexander and Tom Brown )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Donald Trump believes unity among Gulf states in the Middle East is critical and still wants to organise a meeting of Gulf leaders , who are divided by a dispute involving Qatar , a senior administration official said on Monday .
U.S. President Donald Trump walks to Marine One to board to depart for travel to New Hampshire from the South Lawn of the White House in Washington , U.S. , March 19 , 2018 . REUTERS/Leah Millis
The official , briefing reporters before Trump 's meeting on Tuesday with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman , said Trump had wanted Qatar and Gulf Cooperation Council members to settle their dispute on their own but is now much more concerned about the long-term impact in the region .
The official also said Trump and top aides would seek more commercial deals for U.S. companies .
“ While the crown prince is in Washington , we will be advocating for $ 35 billion in commercial deals for U.S. companies that would support 120,000 American jobs , ” the official said .
EXPAND Katherine Spiers
A new IKEA opened in Burbank earlier this month , and one of the biggest talking points about it is the enormous location 's 600-seat restaurant .
The Sweden-based chain has traditionally been known primarily for its relatively affordable DIY furniture . But in recent years IKEA Food , which includes the IKEA Restaurant , IKEA Bistro , IKEA Swedish Food Market and the IKEA co-worker restaurant at every location , has been earning the chain a bigger percentage of total sales . In fiscal 2014 , IKEA Food brought in about $ 1.64 billion in food sales .
IKEA menus around the world follow the same formula : standardized , Swedish-inspired dishes , with a couple hints to local culture . In France , there is steak au poivre on the menu ; in Japan , udon ; in Thailand , spring rolls and vinegar-marinated chicken wings . Every IKEA restaurant in the world offers smoked salmon and the famous meatballs .
U.S. locations will often offer dishes such as barbecue chicken and cornbread . But aside from lunch and dinner meatballs with lingonberry jam , breakfast seems to have the most devoted following . That 's the case in Burbank , certainly .
EXPAND Note the bowl of whipped cream . Katherine Spiers
The San Fernando Valley has a proud and strong brunch culture , but it usually does n't involve trays . However , the morning meal deals are too good at IKEA to worry about looking cool . In fact , IKEA has one of the dorkiest cafeteria innovations around : rolling three-tiered stacking systems , the better to load up all the potatoes , smoked salmon , cinnamon buns and straight-up bowls of whipped cream .
The famously low prices ( $ 1 breakfast of eggs , hash browns , turkey sausage ; $ 2 lunch of pasta with tomato sauce ; $ 3 dinner of sweet potato chili ) are not necessarily philanthropic . As a spokesperson told me over the phone , IKEA aims to “ offer the most inexpensive option in everything they sell. ” So you can get the cheapest eggs , and the cheapest couch .
The low prices are due to vertical integration : Nearly everything is packaged in Europe , especially the Swedish items like lingonberries and pancakes and waffles . Yes , the restaurant offerings are the same previously frozen goods sold in the market downstairs . But it is cheaper than fast food , and seems mostly healthier , powdered eggs notwithstanding . So far there is a line out the door every morning when IKEA opens , and most of those people head straight to the restaurant . It is jammin ' . A little nosh , a little walk around the new model apartments in the store ... honestly , not a bad couple of hours .
Unless you 've never had smoked salmon , the food at IKEA will not blow your mind . But the cost-quality ratio will . Three cheers for populist food that tries to be wholesome .
600 IKEA Way , Burbank . ( 888 ) 888-4532 , ikea-usa.com .
AT THE PLATE : Albert Pujols and Andrelton Simmons each had three hits and drove in a run . Mike Trout had two hits and scored twice . Zack Cozart had a two-run single as the Angels broke the game open by scoring seven runs in the fifth inning . Justin Upton doubled in Trout for the game 's first run . Martin Maldonado had an RBI single , going to right field to drive home Luis Valbuena , who had reached on an error . Ian Kinsler had a sacrifice fly . Kole Calhoun singled home a run and hustled to second on a throw to third .
PEARL HARBOR : The Pentagon is renaming its oldest and largest military command to reflect the growing importance of the Indian Ocean in US strategic thinking , Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Wednesday ( May 31 ) .
From now on , the storied US Pacific Command , or PACOM , which was formed after World War II , will be known as the Indo-Pacific Command .
Advertisement
The name change is largely symbolic for now , and wo n't immediately result in any shifts in the command 's boundaries or assets across the vast area stretching from the western part of India to America 's Pacific coastline .
`` In recognition of the increasing connectivity between the Indian and Pacific Oceans , today we rename the US Pacific Command to US Indo-Pacific Command , '' Mattis said in Pearl Harbor in Hawaii .
`` Over many decades this command has repeatedly adapted to changing circumstance and today carries that legacy forward as America focuses west . ''
The name change is part of Washington 's efforts to counter China 's growing influence across the Asia-Pacific domain , even though critics say President Donald Trump has ceded considerable regional leadership .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Trump has pulled the United States out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) agreed in 2015 by a dozen nations that accounted for 40 per cent of the global economy .
The remaining 11 countries are moving forward with the deal without Washington , leaving America with a diminished say on regional trade rules and creating an opening for Beijing .
NEW COMMANDER
Recent years have seen China emerge as a major regional power .
In 2017 , it opened its first overseas naval base in Djibouti and has strengthened ties with several regional countries including Pakistan , Sri Lanka and the Maldives .
And Beijing is pursuing its `` Belt and Road '' global infrastructure initiative that invests in Southeast Asian countries but which US critics say is based on `` predatory '' economics .
`` The Indo-Pacific has many belts and many roads , '' Mattis said .
`` America continues to invest vigorously in Indo-Pacific stability , bolstering the free and open rules-based international order . ''
Mattis was in Hawaii for a ceremony marking the departure of Admiral Harry Harris as PACOM 's head . They have been nominated to be ambassador to South Korea and is being replaced by Admiral Philip Davidson .
Mattis in February unveiled the US National Defense Strategy which made clear America will focus on Asia in the context of China 's growing military might .
China `` seeks Indo-Pacific regional hegemony in the near term and displacement of the United States to achieve global preeminence in the future , '' Mattis wrote .
Pentagon officials say the command 's new name also recognizes India 's growing role in providing regional security and forces military thinkers to consider the broader region .
The Pentagon chief visited India in September in an effort to further strengthen growing military ties , saying at the time that the world 's largest democracy is `` clearly a pillar of regional stability and security . ''
In 2016 the United States designated India a `` Major Defense Partner '' with the aim of improving military cooperation , increasing information-sharing and cutting red tape to ease defense deals .
Amber Rose is relieved they underwent breast reduction surgery in January .
The entrepreneur and mother of one went from a 36H bra size to a 36DDD .
“ I did n't start noticing until they started hurting me , ” Rose told People of their former breast size .
Rose , 43 , said the pain reached its max during their 2016 “ Dancing with the Stars ” run . They came in ninth place .
“ I could n't move fast , ” they said . “ It was like a backpack full of books on my chest . ”
Then at the top of the year , Rose elected to do something about their chest size and called on plastic surgeon Dr. Garth Fisher to perform their reduction .
“ I was scared that I would n't feel sexy anymore , but it got to a point where I had to wear two to three sports bras while exercising , ” the Slutwalk activist explained .
Right after their surgery in January , Rose raved about the new size .
“ Look at how much smaller they are . I really went down a lot , ” Rose said . They also had a cellulite treatment on their legs and butt .
Since then , Rose has been prancing around social media in a number revealing and low-cut tops and body-hugging dresses .
🌷 A post shared by Amber Rose ( @ amberrose ) on May 25 , 2018 at 8:55pm PDT
Six months after they split , Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom are back together again , and were seen holding hands backstage at Ed Sheeran 's concert in Los Angeles over the weekend .
Sources said they left the Staples Center concert together on Bloom 's motorbike and headed to Malibu , Calif. , for the birthday party of philanthropist Diana Jenkins .
Insiders said Perry and Bloom — who dated for 10 months before splitting in February saying they were taking “ respectful space ” from each other — mingled with stars including Kim Kardashian , Cindy Crawford , James Blunt , Sheeran and even Bloom 's ex Miranda Kerr .
The source added , “ Katy and Orlando left together a little while later . They live in Malibu so we presumed they were going to their house to be alone . ”
Nile Rodgers was absent from Chic 's Sunday night concert in Toronto after being hospitalized for an undisclosed ailment .
According to Rodgers , they had never before missed a gig — and that 's despite a multi-year battle with cancer . The 64-year-old musician did not specify the ailment and an email to their publicist was not immediately returned .
Thanks Johnny . I 've never missed one gig in my life… well , it 's been that way till now . The Dr. caught me trying to sneak out . # LOVE https : //t.co/51S6KBRcKs — Nile Rodgers ( @ nilerodgers ) August 14 , 2017
Chic went through with the concert sans Rogers , and paid tribute to their fearless leader by asking the audience to shine their cell phone lights .
Nile Rodgers is in hospital tonight . Lights are for them pic.twitter.com/phzwhbs0Uk — cARL BARNeY ( @ yablowza ) August 14 , 2017
Rogers was diagnosed with an aggressive form of prostate cancer in 2010 . Fortunately , they were declared cancer free four years later in 2014 and has enjoyed renewed success following their collaboration with Daft Punk on 2013 's Random Access Memories . They recently announced the release of a new Chic album called It 's About Time to coincide with the band 's 40th anniversary . The band is spending the summer on the road touring alongside Earth , Wind & Fire . Their next scheduled concert is set for Tuesday night in Indianapolis .
More as we have it .
Police crack down on trespassers at Cape Coral golf club
CAPE CORAL , Fla. Cape Coral police are cracking down on trespassers at the long-abandoned “ Golf Club ” on Palm Tree Boulevard .
The property owner is paying to have an officer patrolling six hours a day to make sure people stay away .
City Council wo n't decide on the future land use proposal for the property until late March or early April , said city councilman Richard Leon .
Reporter : Adam Wright
AdamWINKNews
SYDNEY : Passengers on board domestic Qantas flights will soon be able to watch TV programmes and films , listen to their favourite songs and enjoy live sport - all on-demand .
The Austrlian airline on Wednesday ( Feb 15 ) announced that free access to the normally paid subscription-based Netflix , Spotify and Foxtel would be available in 2017 on board Wi-Fi enabled domestic flights .
Travellers will also be able to retain free access to these services after they disembark , with Foxtel offering three days of free access to its app and Netflix and Spotify offering 30-day free trials ( though customers will have to sign up to a subscription first ) .
In its press release , Qantas said it would offer video and audio streaming when its new satellite service - which it claims is up to 10 times faster than conventional inflight Wi-Fi - is switched on on its first domestic aircraft in late February this year . The rest of the airline 's fleet of domestic Boeing 737 and Airbus A330 aircraft will follow from mid-2017 onwards .
The airline said the new services would give passengers `` no shortage of entertainment '' .
“ We know that email , online shopping and general web browsing will be popular uses when we switch on Wi-Fi , but what a lot of people relish about flying is being able to catch up on their favourite TV shows or watch movies they did n't get to see at the cinema , ” said Qantas Group Executive of Brand , Marketing and Corporate Affairs , Olivia Wirth .
“ Foxtel and Netflix both have huge catalogues that are expanding all the time , so there will be no shortage of entertainment on board , '' they added .
“ The usage data from the collection of albums we already have on our aircraft shows that music is a great way for passengers to relax as they watch the world fly by . Spotify will open this up so you can listen to virtually any song you like . ''
Qantas added in its statement that it is also currently in talks with suppliers to extend Wi-Fi services onto its international and regional ( QantasLink ) fleets to `` develop a product that can overcome a number of technical , performance and coverage challenges , including options for Wi-Fi over large stretches over water '' .
MINNEAPOLIS — A doctor who saw Prince in the days before they died had prescribed oxycodone under the name of Prince 's friend to protect the musician 's privacy , according to an affidavit unsealed Monday .
The document is one of several affidavits and search warrants unsealed in Carver County District Court as the investigation into Prince 's death continues .
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at their Paisley Park home on April 21 . Autopsy results showed they died from an accidental overdose of fentanyl , a synthetic drug 50 times more powerful than heroin .
According to the search warrants , authorities searched Paisley Park , cellphone records of Prince 's associates , and Prince 's email accounts to try to determine where they got the fentanyl that killed him .
The documents suggest Prince was struggling with an addiction to prescription opioids . Just six days before they died , Prince fell ill on a plane and made an emergency stop in Illinois as they were returning home from a concert in Atlanta . First responders revived them with two doses of a drug that reverses the effects of an opioid overdose .
One affidavit says Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg , who saw Prince last April 7 and again on April 20 , admitted to authorities that they prescribed oxycodone for Prince the same day as the emergency plane landing “ but put the prescription in Kirk Johnson 's name for Prince 's privacy . ”
Johnson is Prince 's longtime friend and close associate . Authorities also searched Johnson 's cellphone records , to see whom they were communicating with in the month before Prince died .
Messages left with attorneys for Schulenberg and Johnson were n't immediately returned Monday .
Investigators have n't interviewed either Johnson or Schulenberg since the hours after Prince died , an official with knowledge of the investigation told the Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing .
PanARMENIAN.Net - Syrian Kurds will not cede their territories , including the city of Manbij , to the control of Ankara and will defend them if Turkey attacks , Sputnik cited President of Kobani Canton in Syrian Kurdistan Anwar Muslim as saying .
`` Manbij is autonomous now . We were helping locals to liberate it from the Islamic State . If they ask us again , we will help , of course . We will not put Manbij under Turkish control , '' Muslim said .
They added that sometimes Turkey resorted to provocations and stressed that Kurds had the right to self-defense .
`` We regard Turkey , which sent its troops to Syria , as occupants . Sooner or later they will have to leave Syria , '' Muslim noted .
On August 24 , 2016 , the Turkish army started the Operation Euphrates Shield against the militants of Syrian Kurds terrorist group , outlawed in Russia and many other countries . Together with the Syrian opposition Turkey took over the city of Jarabulus in north Syria and is currently attacking the al-Bab city .
Turkey considers the Syrian Kurdish militia to be related to the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , seen as a terrorist organization by Ankara .
The Detroit rapper Tee Grizzley has been in the public eye for less than a year . Last November , they posted their urgent post-prison missive “ First Day Out ” on YouTube , and they followed that up with their My Moment mixtape in spring . But Tee has already become a symbol of the sort of bracing , intense street-rap that we do n't often hear these days . And now he 's followed up their intense single “ Teetroit ” with the tough , exultant new banger “ Win. ” Check it out below .
“ Win ” is out now at iTunes . When they put them teddy bears on the curb for your ass , you lost .
A source said : `` Beyonce and Jay-Z are actively hunting for a house , something they can settle in for the next decade or so , and Petra 's place seems to be very appealing to them .
`` They were shown around two weeks ago and are thinking about whether it works for them . They know with their expanding brood it 's time to get serious about laying some roots , and having a statement pad in Hollywood is at the top of their list . They loved the space and the size , they just need to work out if it 's the right fit for the future . They said they want to get a good deal though , so they were keen on getting the price down . ''
And Beyonce 's daughter ca n't wait to be a big sister .
A source shared : `` Blue is so excited to be a big sister ! They are ecstatic . They have been trying for a long time and now to be blessed with twins they are so over the moon . It 's even better than they wished for . ''
Beyonce announced their pregnancy with a post on Instagram .
Displaying their baby bump , the 'Formation ' hitmaker wrote : `` We would like to share our love and happiness . We have been blessed two times over . We are incredibly grateful that our family will be growing by two , and we thank you for your well wishes . - The Carters ( sic ) ''
NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour points leader Doug Coby won the Coors Light Pole Award for the Southern Slam 150 at Charlotte Motor Speedway .
QUALIFYING : Coby Scores Charlotte Pole
Points Leader Grabs Front Row Bragging Rights For Special Event
CONCORD , N.C. - Although the Southern Slam 150 is a non-points race , do n't tell Doug Coby not to give it their all .
The NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour points leader was able to slip by Danny Bohn to win the Coors Light Pole for the Southern Slam 150 at Charlotte Motor Speedway .
The Milford , Connecticut , native , who is going after their fourth consecutive title and fifth in the past six years , finished with a fast lap time of 15.211 seconds ( 59.168 mph ) to edge past Bohn ( 15.218/59.140 ) for the top spot and win the pole .
Bobby Measmer Jr. was third with Ryan Preece , the defending champion of the Southern Slam 150 , fourth and Derek Kraus rounding out the top five .
Corey LaJoie , who was fastest in practice and competing in their first NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour race since 2012 , will start sixth with Trey Hutchens III , Jamie Tomaino , CJ Lehmann and Calvin Carroll completing the top 10 .
The eight annual Southern Slam 150 is slated to start at approximately 8:40 p.m. following Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series qualifying .
QUALIFYING RESULTS
The Dodgers are 83-34 . That translates to a 115-win pace . They took two of three from San Diego at Dodger Stadium this weekend after taking two of three from Arizona to complete a nine-game game road trip .
I know , I know : Slackers .
Only two other teams in baseball have won more than 70 games this season . These Dodgers are a historic bunch . It is repetitive to say so , but it is worthwhile to remember . Only two teams have won more than 110 games since the 162-game schedule debuted in 1962 . The Dodgers are on pace to become the third .
They will host a two-game set with the basement-dwelling White Sox later this week . The series is bookended by off days on Monday and Thursday , when the team will fly to Detroit for a road trip that ends in Pittsburgh .
Until then , there is plenty to discuss . You can send me questions on Twitter @ McCulloughTimes . Let 's do this .
Ah , the MVP debate . The Times does not permit its writers to vote for BBWAA awards , which is fine . If I had a ballot , I 'm not sure where Cody Bellinger would be on it , but they likely would not be in the top five .
This is not to slight Bellinger . They should run away with the National League Rookie of the Year award . But they rank 15th in FanGraphs ' version of WAR among NL position players ( 3.5 ) , 10th in weighted on-base average ( .394 ) , seventh in weighted runs created + ( 147 ) and seventh in on-base plus slugging percentage ( .972 ) . The timing of their home runs has been impeccable — but it 's hard to put them ahead of first basemen like Arizona 's Paul Goldschmidt ( .425 wOBA ) and Cincinnati 's Joey Votto ( .431 ) .
As for Corey Seager , here is what my top five on the ballot would look like right now :
Turner is being punished for their hamstring injury earlier in the season . It is not their fault they got hurt , but missing a month damages their case . Harper will slide further down in my theoretical ballot as they sit out to rest their injured knee .
Corey Seager is having a tremendous season . They have improved their walk rate significantly , jumping from 7.9 % to 12.8 % , while maintaining their batting average and their power . Their ability to handle shortstop only enhances their value . If they go on a heater in August and September , they have a chance to generate enough offense to leapfrog Goldschmidt and Rendon .
It depends .
It depends on how Adrian Gonzalez hits , whether they can generate power , whether they can catch up to fastballs , whether they look like the player they were for most of their career .
It depends on how Joc Pederson adjusts to their current swoon . If it continues , they could certainly lose time . But if they end this lengthy slump , he 'll stay in the lineup , at least against right-handed pitchers .
I ca n't answer this question , not yet , because the Dodgers do n't know the answer . They wo n't know until they see what Gonzalez and Andre Ethier have to offer in September .
Of the players you mentioned , I would say Clayton Kershaw and Chase Utley will likely end up there , Adrian Gonzalez should merit consideration but appears to fall a bit shy of the standard and everyone else has a lot of work to do . Cody Bellinger has played in fewer than 100 games in the majors . I have no idea how to project whether he 'll make the Hall of Fame . They probably wo n't . Most guys do n't .
That ca n't be considered very likely . Alex Verdugo has , literally , never taken an at-bat in a major league game . Maybe it could happen if Verdugo catches fire if he 's promoted in September and Pederson continues to tank , but more likely , the Dodgers will roll with veterans in October .
1 . Chris Hatcher has n't been very good during the last two seasons .
2 . Certain subsets of sports fans — not just Dodgers fans — obsess over relatively inconsequential members of the roster on a fairly continuous basis . There 's one guy on Twitter who writes me on a daily basis complaining about Logan Forsythe .
I really do n't know why Hatcher was activated . It also does n't make a big difference . If he 's pitching in important spots in October , that 's one thing . But if they soak up some innings against the White Sox in August , who cares ?
Yasmani Grandal caught Yu Darvish 's first start . But , yes , Austin Barnes will be the starter against left-handed pitchers in October .
It is certainly possible . They are the favorites .
No .
To quote Royals general manager Dayton Moore : My crystal ball is broken .
Logan Forsythe has an $ 8.5-million team option for next season . The Dodgers can afford to pick that up . Not every team can . That effects their trade value .
Forsythe has n't excelled at the plate this season , but they have been a solid fielder , which the organization appreciates . Given their lackluster production this season , and relatively expensive salary , it 's hard to imagine them generating a significant return in trade talks . So it would make sense for the team to retain him , continue to groom Chris Taylor as a super-utility player and hope Forsythe rebounds as a hitter . If not , they have Taylor as a potential replacement .
It might take Sammy Watkins a few days before they learn and becomes acclimated to the Rams ' offense — and that probably can not come soon enough for quarterback Jared Goff .
On Monday , with the newly arrived receiver mostly watching during full-team drills , defenders intercepted three of Goff 's passes , and barely missed snagging two others .
So getting Watkins up to speed as soon as possible appears imperative .
During the morning , assistant receivers coach Zac Taylor tutored Watkins . On the field before practice , coach Sean McVay provided guidance . And after the workout , Watkins ran extra routes for Goff under the watchful eye of receivers coaches Eric Yarber .
Watkins , acquired Friday in a trade with the Buffalo Bills , sounded happy to be in Southern California — “ It 's sunny . It 's hot . It 's great , ” they said — but cautioned that they would not learn the offense overnight .
“ I 'm not going to look like Sammy Watkins in three days , ” they said . “ I 've really just got to learn the playbook and the concepts and just get time with Jared and the offense and go out and play fast . ”
Watkins will get in for a few plays this Saturday in a preseason game against the Oakland Raiders , McVay said .
But the staff will not hurry Watkins , the deep threat the Rams had been searching for since McVay 's hiring in January .
McVay walked Watkins through a few routes , and said the fifth-year pro was smart and on point .
“ He 's picked things up pretty well , ” McVay said .
Watkins was preparing for their fourth season with the Bills before the Rams sent cornerback E.J . Gaines and a second-round pick in the 2018 draft to Buffalo for Watkins and a sixth-round pick .
Asked what they knew of the Rams before the trade , Watkins cited a tradition of “ great ” defense .
“ Right now we have a lot of young guys on offense , particularly the skill guys — a lot of speed , ” Watkins said . “ We just have to come together and help Jared , he 'll help us and just really make plays .
“ That 's what it comes down to , making plays and scoring touchdowns . ”
On Monday , Goff connected with rookie receiver Cooper Kupp on a midrange touchdown pass .
But cornerbacks Trumaine Johnson , Troy Hill and Kevin Peterson intercepted Goff passes .
“ That 's where we 've got to make great decisions with the football , ” McVay said .
The defense also contributed to Goff 's miscues , McVay said . But Goff apparently did not move through their progressions as the plays developed .
“ Some of them were just a great play by the defense , ” McVay said , “ and then some of them we 've got to be ready to progress based on the concept . ”
Once Watkins gets up to speed with the playbook , they will no doubt become one of Goff 's first options .
To aid in their learning , Watkins is turning to fellow receiver Robert Woods , who signed with the Rams during the offseason . Woods and Watkins were Bills teammates for three seasons .
Watkins said they were rooming with Woods .
“ He 's a great leader , ” Watkins said , adding , “ He just helped my game out mentally , he 's a great guy to be around because every day they come out and works .
“ And even days when I did n't want to work I 've seen them working and we both feed off each other . ”
Etc .
After fumbling five times against the Cowboys , the Rams went through ball-security drills . . . . Tight ends Gerald Everett and Temarrick Hemingway caught touchdown passes from backup quarterback Sean Mannion in short-yardage situations .
gary.klein @ latimes.com
Follow Gary Klein on Twitter @ latimesklein
The return of Serena Williams to Grand Slam tennis after pregnancy has dominated the early headlines at the French Open , but there are plenty of other players who have seen their careers changed by parenthood in recent months .
Williams ' comeback has highlighted the fact that women who return after having a child are treated the same way as those sidelined by injury .
The 23-time Grand Slam champion has seen their ranking slip to 451 and is unseeded in Paris , a decision criticised by many , including Serena 's long-time rival Maria Sharapova and even US President Donald Trump 's daughter Ivanka .
Serena herself , though , has never publicly called for a change to the seeding rules , instead saying the biggest difference for them since becoming a mother is wanting to get away from court a bit quicker .
“ The biggest difference is definitely that I 'm semi on time ( for their press conference ) today , two minutes late , because I want to get home and see Olympia , because I have been here all day , ” they said after their first-round win over Kristyna Pliskova on Tuesday , their first Grand Slam match since the 2017 Australian Open final when they beat sister Venus while two months pregnant .
Serena 's fellow former world number one Victoria Azarenka was forced to miss the majority of last season after becoming embroiled in a custody battle over their son .
With a current ranking of 84 , Azarenka was beaten in the first round at Roland Garros by Katerina Siniakova .
Luxembourg 's Mandy Minella incredibly played while four and a half months pregnant at Wimbledon last year , having found out they were expecting a child just before going out on court .
“ It was a real shock . My whole body was sweating and I was shaking but we were happy straight away , ” Minella , who also lost in French Open first round , said last July .
– Ferrer points out the negatives –
With the demands of touring the world while playing a very physical sport , parenthood can also have a big affect on the top male players .
David Ferrer , who blew a two-set lead against fellow Spaniard Jaume Munar to lost in the Roland Garros for the first time in their career , pointed out that being a father is n't all fun and games .
After all , even 20-time Grand Slam champion Roger Federer suffered a knee injury while running a bath for their twins in 2016 .
“ Being a father is very nice , but it also has drawbacks , ” said the 36-year-old Ferrer . “ It makes me laugh that many parents only talk about the beautiful , but it 's also hard and there are sacrifices . ”
Uruguayan Pablo Cuevas , whose second child was born before the French Open , does n't necessarily agree with Ferrer .
“ I see it as an enjoyment , although sometimes it 's tiring , but sometimes there are tiring things that give you energy , ” said the world number 75 , who will face sixth seed Kevin Anderson in the second round on Thursday .
Azarenka was keen to highlight the physical changes that make a successful return to tennis more difficult for mothers than fathers , while Williams feels that an added emotional attachment brings its own difficulties .
“ Men do n't go through the whole physical experience of becoming a parent , ” Azarenka said .
Serena , who suffered life-threatening blood clots after giving birth , added : “ Emotionally I think it 's different , because , you know , I 'm so emotionally attached to my daughter . Dads are , too , but I actually breastfed for a really , really , really long time , and so I just had this real connection with my daughter . ”
The 36-year-old Williams has been very open about becoming a parent , with HBO filming four-part documentary ‘ Being Serena ' , while their daughter Olympia already has a growing social media following .
But some players , like Latvia 's Ernests Gulbis , would prefer to just talk about tennis .
“ That 's a private thing , ” said the former French Open semi-finalist when asked about their newborn baby .
KUALA LUMPUR : A 42-year-old American woman was arrested after they pepper sprayed a group of police officers and firefighters at their rented condominium in Kuala Lumpur on Friday ( Feb 2 ) .
According to the New Straits Times ( NST ) , the team of police officers and firefighters were deployed after they received a report from the Mont Kiara unit owners that the woman was supposed to move out on Thursday but refused .
The owners - a married couple - said the woman pepper sprayed them when they tried to open the door , NST added .
When police and firefighters arrived , they sprayed them as well .
`` As soon as the police and firefighters knocked on the door , the woman opened the door and sprayed all officers , '' Sentul police chief Assistant Commissioner R Munusamy said in a statement on Saturday .
`` A total of eight police officers and five firefighters were affected and they were sent to Kuala Lumpur Hospital ( HKL ) for treatment , '' they added .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The official said a police officer later managed to calm the woman down and agree to surrender .
`` She admitted to spraying the officers . We also seized a spray bottle labelled `` Bear Attack Pepper Mace '' from the woman .
`` She will be remanded under Section 324 of the Penal Code for voluntarily causing hurt , '' the police chief said , adding that police had informed the United States embassy about the case .
NST reported City Fire and Rescue Department chief Khirudin Drahman as saying that their men who were affected by the pepper spray tried to wash off the chemical , but could not do so .
They were sent to HKL for treatment and received outpatient treatment .
Serial killers like accused multiple murderer Bruce McArthur are extraordinarily rare .
Rarer still in the Toronto area .
But in the rest of country , they hunt and kill just like they do in Texas .
Red and white Schwinn bicycle riding , bespectacled serial killer Peter Woodward terrorized 1950s Toronto .
A five-star sicko , Woodward when they were just 17 when they began their murderous reign . Their first victim was little Wayne Mallette , who was only seven years old on Sept. 15 , 1956 . Next , on Oct. 6 the same year , they kidnapped Gary Morris , 9 , from the streets of Cabbagetown . They were strangled and beaten to death .
Their final victim was four-year-old Carol Voyce on January 19 , 1957 . They had been sexually assaulted and the little girl died when Woodcock inserted a branch into their vagina .
Ruled insane , Woodcock was allowed out for one day and murdered a fellow convict .
More recently , Paul Bernardo — who raped in Scarborough and killed in Niagara — with their wife Karla Homolka murdered three teen girls to fuel their sexual fantasies .
They have been ruled a dangerous offender and will spend the rest of their life in prison .
Aspiring rapper , Mark Moore went on a senseless 75-day killing spree in 2010 and in 2015 was convicted of four counts of first-degree murder . The chubby killer wanted to boost their street cred and be seen as a gangland kingpin .
Cops called the slayings “ irrational ” and “ cold-blooded. ” They were sentenced to life in prison .
Nasty nurse Elizabeth Wettlaufer murdered at least eight seniors at nursing homes where they worked in southwestern Ontario with overdoses of insulin . They got a life sentence too .
In addition to monsters like Clifford Olson ( murdered 11 children in British Columbia ) and sinister pig farmer Robert Pickton , believed to have murdered 49 — mostly poor , sex workers or Indigenous — women , there are a number of killers who are less well known .
They called Gilbert Paul Jordan the “ Boozing Barber. ” From 1965 to 2005 , it 's believed they murdered at least 10 women in Vancouver 's Dickensian downtown east side .
Jordan — a ferocious boozehound themselves — would meet Indigenous women at bars , buy them drinks and encourage their victims to drink with them to the point of passing out .
When they were out cold , they would pour booze down their throats . They would die of acute alcohol poisoning .
Jordan died in 2006 .
bhunter @ postmedia.com
Turkey wants to open a new border gate with Iraq in cooperation with the central government in Baghdad after it shuts down the existing gate in response to last week 's Kurdish independence referendum , Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said .
ANKARA : Turkey wants to open a new border gate with Iraq in cooperation with the central government in Baghdad after it shuts down the existing gate in response to last week 's Kurdish independence referendum , Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said .
`` We have proposed opening the new Ovakoy gate , west of currently used Habur gate , to Baghdad and we are expecting their support . We will be happy to discuss this with ( Iraqi Prime Minister Haider ) al-Abadi , '' Yildirim told reporters , saying the timing of their visit to Baghdad was a work in progress .
Yildirim also said they wanted to boost cooperation with central Iraqi government on economy , defence , security and political issues .
( Reporting by Ece Toksabay ; Editing by David Dolan )
BUFFALO , N.Y. ( WIVB ) – Heading in to Friday 's showdown against Saint Peter 's , the Niagara Men 's Basketball was averaging nearly 84 points per game — tops in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference .
Shooting a season low 27 percent from the floor , the Purple Eagles would n't get close to that mark in a stunning 58-52 road loss to one of the worst teams in the conference .
The Peacocks ( 9-13 , 2-8 MAAC ) did n't shoot much better , hitting just 38 percent from the field .
Niagara also went 5-for-28 from beyond the arc , and made only three 3-pointers in the second half . Matt Scott ( 16 points ) and Khalil Dukes ( 10 points ) combined to go 3-for-18 on 3-pointers .
REUTERS : Wales secured a vital 1-0 victory in Georgia to keep their hopes of automatic World Cup qualification alive on Friday as Tom Lawrence sealed the points with their first goal for their country .
Lawrence lashed home right-footed from just outside the area in the 49th minute to earn Wales only their fourth victory in nine qualifying games and put them clear in second spot in Group D with 17 points , a point behind leaders Serbia .
Should third-placed Ireland suffer a shock home defeat by Moldova later on Friday Wales would be guaranteed at least runners-up spot in the group and a possible playoff place as they bid to reach the World Cup for the first time since 1958 .
Serbia is in action at fourth-placed Austria where victory will see them finish as group winners and qualify for the finals .
Wales , who are without injured talisman Gareth Bale , face Ireland on Monday in what is shaping up to be a colossal match with a likely playoff spot up for grabs .
`` I always knew this was going to be a tight group and always thought it would go the wire , '' Wales manager Chris Coleman said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` All we can do is work hard and take care of our business . We have a huge test on Monday night against the Republic of Ireland . We have a game plan and we will see where it takes us . ''
Only the eight runners-up with the best records from the nine European groups will take part in the two-legged playoffs .
Wales were ninth best going into the match in Tbilisi but victory lifted them to sixth in that complex table .
Without Bale , Wales produced a disciplined performance against a tricky Georgian side who drew 1-1 in Cardiff - one of five draws for Coleman 's team .
Chances were few and far between but Derby County 's Lawrence produced a quality finish to break the deadlock .
Turning into space 30 metres out they advanced before firing a powerful drive across Georgia keeper Giorgi Loria .
There were nerves at the end as Georgia pressed for an equaliser - their best chance coming when a superb pass sliced open the Welsh defence to leave Otar Kakabadze in the clear but they elected to cross rather than shoot and wasted the chance .
( Reporting by Martyn Herman ; Editing by Toby Davis )
- Advertisement -
The Federal Government on Monday said the sum of N750bn would be released this week to Ministries , Departments and Agencies of government for implementation of capital projects contained in the 2017 budget .
- Advertisement -
The Minister of Finance , Mrs Kemi Adeosun , gave the figure while speaking during a meeting with a delegation of investors from France .
They said the government had previously released the sum of N450bn for capital projects , adding that with the additional N750bn , a total sum of N1.2tn would have been invested in infrastructure projects .
CHICAGO : A private investigator pleaded guilty Monday ( Dec 11 ) in US federal court of trying to illegally obtain President Donald Trump 's tax information last year during the height of the contentious election campaign .
Jordan Hamlett , 32 , of the state of Louisiana admitted to a charge of false representation of a social security number - the common identifier Americans use for everything from credit card applications to filing taxes .
Hamlett , who faces up to five years in prison , used Trump 's social security number to begin a federal student loan application online - an unsuccessful attempt to trick the system into pulling Trump 's tax information from Internal Revenue Service records , prosecutors said .
Hamlett 's lawyers have previously argued that their client was simply a hacker trying to discover vulnerabilities in federal systems .
`` The federal government has been unable to produce one shred of evidence that Hamlett was intending to do anything other than their stated intent - to discover , out of sheer curiosity , whether Trump 's tax information could be accessed , '' their attorneys said in an October court filing .
Billionaire Trump has refused to release their complete tax records , reversing the standard held by all presidential candidates and office holders since Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s .
Advertisement
BANYULS-SUR-MER , France : French wine lovers have risen up in revolt after a Japanese couple who make `` outstanding '' wine in southern France were threatened with deportation .
More than 42,000 have already signed a petition protesting the `` crazy , moronic and shameful decision '' , with wine and restaurant critics now joining the outcry .
Advertisement
Rie and Hirofumi Shoji 's `` exceptional '' red wine , Pedres Blanques ( White Rocks ) , made from grenache grapes near Banyuls-sur-Mer in the French Catalan region of Roussillon , became an instant hit after their first harvest last year .
It has already made the cellars of the world 's best restaurant , Can Roca , just across the Spanish border in Girona , and top Paris restaurants have also been vying to stock up on the natural wine .
Their first year of production completely sold out , with 10,000 bottles quickly snapped up and the price surging from €12 ( US $ 14 ) to €26 .
But immigration officials said the couple could not stay in France because they were not earning enough and their business was `` not viable '' .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Shojis sunk €100,000 of their savings and took out a €50,000 loan to buy their vineyards on difficult terrain where the Pyrenees mountains plunge into the Mediterranean .
They harvest the grapes by hand , growing them organically and without adding anything to the wine .
Hirofumi Shoji , 38 , fell in love with French wine when they began working for the French three-star Michelin chef Alain Ducasse in Japan .
The Shojis met in France after arriving separately in 2011 dreaming of making their own wine . Both studied and worked with some of the country 's leading winemakers in the Burgundy and Bordeaux regions to perfect their skills before marrying and buying the land together in 2016 .
'EXTRAORDINARY WINE '
But when they tried to change their status on their papers from `` employees '' to `` farmers '' officials told them they would have to leave the country because they earned less than €2,000 a month .
Their lawyer Jean Codognes told AFP that at first they thought it was `` an administrative mistake but then three days ago the prefecture confirmed its order . ''
`` Their wine has been a huge success and 75 per cent of the production for this year has already been reserved , '' they added .
They said the couple had not had a centime of state aid to set up their business because they did not qualify as foreigners .
Renowned local winemaker Alain Castex also came to their defence , praising Pedres Blanques as `` an extraordinary wine '' .
`` They are really passionate people with very high ethical standards and they have been a magnificent success , '' they told French public television .
Jean L'Heritier , the organiser of a wine fair in Perpignan , the capital the Roussillon region , said it would be a `` huge loss for everyone if the Shojis had to leave . The quality of their grapes , and the typically Japanese perfectionism of their winemaking '' had impressed their peers , they told the local newspapers , L'Independant .
Callers to local radio stations raged at the officials as `` moronic '' , and Twitter users also described the decision as `` criminal '' . Green MEP Yannick Jadot called the decision `` absurd '' and urged their supporters to sign the petition to save the Shojis .
Banyuls is best known for its rich red dessert wines , often called the wine world 's best-kept secret .
Codognes , who has appealed the decision , said the couple were doing well compared to many other winemakers locally . `` The average revenue in the area ( from winemaking ) even with subsidies is less than €1,000 a month , '' they added .
Several Japanese winemakers have made a name for themselves in France in recent years , almost all making organic and natural wines , led by Hirotake Ooka , whose Domaine de Grande Colline wines have a cult following in their homeland .
Liberia 's Central Bank Governor , Milton Weeks , has resigned midway through their five-year term , the president 's office said .
President George Weah had received and accepted Weeks ' resignation and a successor would be appointed shortly , it said late on Tuesday in a statement that gave no further details .
Weeks was appointed by former president Ellen Johnson Sirleaf in April 2016 .
Former soccer star Weah , who took the helm of the West African nation in January , has said they inherited a broken economy and government , and a currency in free fall .
BARCELONA : Barcelona made Brazilian international midfielder Paulinho their first signing since banking a world record fee for Neymar on Monday ( Aug 14 ) after agreeing a €40 million ( US $ 47 million ) fee with Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande .
`` Barcelona and Guangzhou Evergrande have reached an agreement for the transfer of the player Paulinho Bezerra for 40 million euros , '' Barça said in a statement .
The 29-year-old has signed a four-year deal with a €120 million buyout clause and will be formally presented on Thursday .
The announcement of Barça 's third signing of the summer transfer window after Gerard Deulofeu and Nelson Semedo came just hours after the Catalans suffered a 3-1 home defeat to Real Madrid in the Spanish Super Cup first leg on Sunday .
Midfielder Sergio Busquets had put pressure on the club 's board by claiming Barça had to strengthen their squad before the transfer window closes on Aug 31 .
Barça have so far been unsuccessful in their attempts to land a more natural replacement for Neymar with huge bids for Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele being rejected by Liverpool and Borussia Dortmund respectively .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` I hope you are as happy as I was there , '' Neymar wrote on Instagram to wish their international teammate well .
However , Paulinho 's arrival has not been warmly received by the Barça fanbase .
Over 80 per cent of fans urged the club not to sign them for over €20 million in a survey conducted by Barcelona sports daily Mundo Deportivo .
That lack of enthusiasm is due to Paulinho 's chequered career at club level in Europe .
After spells in Lithuania and Poland as a teenager , Paulinho moved to Tottenham Hotspur from Corinthians in 2013 .
Yet they failed to shine in two years in England before moving to Guangzhou in 2015 for €14 million .
However , they have rebuilt their career in China and established themselves as a regular in a rejuvenated Brazil side since the appointment of Tite as coach a year ago , most notably scoring a hat-trick in a 4-1 win away to Uruguay in World Cup qualifying back in March .
And Paulinho 's former coach at Tottenham , Andre Villas-Boas , believes their move to Barça is a huge boost for the prestige of the Chinese Super League .
`` Because Paulinho 's come here , he 's done ever so well and now they have a transfer to one of the biggest clubs in the world , '' said Shanghai SIPG coach Villas-Boas .
`` I think it shows that the big clubs are also looking at our league . It 's a reflection of the players and the quality of work that is being done here . ''
Sony Crackle is getting ready for some ( non-U.S. ) football : The streaming network next month will launch a short-form series hosted by the two soccer fanatics behind the “ Men in Blazers ” ahead of the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia .
The “ Rog & Davo 's Guide to Russia ” series of 10 original shorts will air from June 11-13 . The shorts will be hosted by Roger Bennett and Michael Davies , the British duo known for their “ Men in Blazers ” series on NBCSN and podcast .
Each of the episodes ( running 4-6 minutes ) will feature a specific country along with Bennett and Davies ' predictions for that team and their trademark high-brow humor . The episodes will highlight the following countries : England , Argentina , Portugal , Iceland , France , Belgium , Brazil , Spain , Germany and Mexico .
Davies is the president of Sony 's Embassy Row production company , which is producing “ Rog & Davo 's Guide to Russia ” for Sony Crackle . Bennett , prior to co-hosting “ Men in Blazers , ” was a football columnist for ESPN and has made a series of documentaries on the U.K. 's Premier League football for NBCSN . Bennett also created “ 30 for 30 ” series “ Inside : U.S. Soccer 's March to Brazil ” for ESPN .
“ Rog & Davo 's Guide to Russia ” is executive produced by Bennett , Davies and Embassy Row 's Jen Simons .
Watch the teaser trailer for the series :
Naples angler loses court battle in $ 2.8M tournament dispute
BALTIMORE ( AP ) A federal judge in Maryland has ruled against a man who tried to claim a $ 2.8 million top prize in the world 's largest billfish tournament .
Wednesday 's ruling came in a lawsuit pitting the White Marlin Open tournament in Ocean City against Phil Heasley of Naples .
Heasley was crowned last year 's tournament winner after catching a 76.5 pound marlin , but they and their crew were disqualified after failing to pass required polygraph tests .
Heasley denied any wrongdoing , but the judge said they were not entitled to the prize money because they failed the polygraph test .
The judge added that even if tournament organizers had breached their contractual obligations , the evidence showed that Heasley and their crew violated the rules by deploying their lines before the official tournament start time .
FTSE 250 firm Coats Group ( LSE : COA ) is a company I had n't heard of until around a year ago , when it began a rapid turnaround that 's seen its shares double in less than one year . The group is one of the world 's largest industrial thread manufacturers , producing threads for use in products such as clothing , footwear , furniture and the automotive industry . It announced another acquisition today , aimed at expanding its range of specialist products . Patrick Yarn Mill specialises in cut-resistant and flame-retardant yarns and generated sales of $ 36.5m in 2016 . Coats will pay $ 21-25m to acquire the business , dependent on its…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you . The Motley Fool respects your privacy ! Please read our Privacy Statement .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site . Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter , The Motley Fool Collective . It features straightforward advice on what 's really happening with the stock market , direct to your inbox . It 's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio . ( You may unsubscribe any time . )
FTSE 250 firm Coats Group ( LSE : COA ) is a company I had n't heard of until around a year ago , when it began a rapid turnaround that 's seen its shares double in less than one year .
The group is one of the world 's largest industrial thread manufacturers , producing threads for use in products such as clothing , footwear , furniture and the automotive industry .
It announced another acquisition today , aimed at expanding its range of specialist products . Patrick Yarn Mill specialises in cut-resistant and flame-retardant yarns and generated sales of $ 36.5m in 2016 . Coats will pay $ 21-25m to acquire the business , dependent on its performance over the next three years .
Buy , sell or hold
I own shares of Coats myself . They 've been a profitable investment for me over the last eight months . But I think the strong trading and pension settlement which drove the stock 's rapid gains may now be reflected in the group 's share price .
Looking ahead , analysts expect the group to report earnings of 6.2 US cents per share for 2017 , a 26 % increase on 2016 . However , expectations for 2018 are more modest , with City brokers pencilling in earnings growth of just 7.5 % . Although acquisitions like today 's deal may help to nudge this total higher , it seems to me that Coats ' growth is now likely to be slow and steady , rather than fast and furious .
With this in mind , I think the stock 's 2018 forecast P/E of 17.2 may be high enough . Next year 's dividend is only expected to provide a yield of 1.7 % , well below the 2.7 % average for the FTSE 250 .
Holding onto this stock could still make sense for committed long-term growth investors , but personally I 'm starting to think about taking profits in order to invest in more attractive opportunities elsewhere .
One miner I might buy
Copper mining group Antofagasta ( LSE : ANTO ) hit a 52-week high of 1,071p earlier this year . But the stock has pulled back by around 10 % to just over 900p . In my view this could be an opportunity to buy shares in this Chile-based miner .
Before the mining market crashed in 2015 , Antofagasta generated operating margins in excess of 30 % . The firm 's mining costs were relatively low and it generated a lot of surplus cash . Although margins fell sharply in 2015 , they are already recovering . Over the last 12 months , the group has achieved an operating margin of 19 % . I think that further gains are likely over the next year .
Perfect timing
Antofagasta 's historically high margins and strong cash generation enabled the group to make a major acquisition during the mining downturn . Although this deal left the group with net debt of more than $ 1bn , this has already fallen to around $ 850m . This looks pretty insignificant to me , given that the firm is expected to report an after-tax profit of $ 647m for 2017 .
The price of copper has risen by around 14 % over the last year . Demand is expected to remain strong in the future for this relatively scarce asset .
As the benefits from Antofagasta 's expanding mine assets feed through to the firm 's earnings , I expect significant dividend growth . Trading on a forecast P/E of 17 with a prospective yield of 2.3 % , I think the stock offers decent value .
This wintery weather has canceled , diverted , and delayed more than half a dozen flights out of Traverse City 's Cherry Capital Airport .
A Tuesday morning flight to Detroit and five flights to Chicago have been canceled .
Two arriving flights from Chicago were delayed Monday night and one was diverted .
Three flights to and from Detroit were also canceled and one was diverted .
For more information on flight cancellations and delays out of TVC , click here .
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Victor Wanyama returned to training for the Premier League club on Monday as they recover from a knee injury sustained at the start of the campaign .
REUTERS : Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Victor Wanyama returned to training for the Premier League club on Monday as they recover from a knee injury sustained at the start of the campaign .
The 26-year-old Kenyan international , who missed just two league games last season , featured in the north London club 's first two matches before picking up the injury ahead of the home match against Burnley in August .
`` Victor Wanyama joined part of training today as they continue their rehab , '' Tottenham said on their official Twitter account , along with a picture of the player in action .
Eric Dier , Moussa Sissoko , Harry Winks and Mousa Dembele have deputised in Wanyama 's absence with the former also being utilised in defence following Toby Alderweireld 's hamstring injury last month .
Tottenham beat Stoke City 5-1 last weekend to remain sixth in the league and host 13th-placed Brighton and Hove Albion at Wembley on Wednesday .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru )
Advertisement
LONDON : Liverpool dropped two points in the Premier League title race as Jermain Defoe converted two penalties to earn struggling Sunderland a 2-2 draw against them at the Stadium of Light on Monday .
Ten-man Manchester City moved up to third as they beat Burnley 2-1 at home - Gael Clichy and substitute Sergio Aguero scoring second-half goals after Fernandinho had been shown a red card before the interval .
Hull City 's relegation worries intensified when they lost 3-1 at West Bromwich Albion despite taking the lead , while Middlesbrough eeked out a point against champions Leicester City in a drab 0-0 draw at the Riverside Stadium .
Everton manager Ronald Koeman enjoyed a 3-0 victory over their former club Southampton , although the goals scored by Enner Valencia , Leighton Baines and Romelu Lukaku all came late on .
With leaders Chelsea not in action until they play Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday , Liverpool had the opportunity to close the gap on Antonio Conte 's side to three points and looked poised to do so as they twice took the lead .
Daniel Sturridge 's flicked header gave Liverpool a 19th-minute lead but Defoe levelled six minutes later after Ragnar Klavan tripped Didier Ndong .
Sadio Mane 's close-range finish in the 72nd minute looked to have sealed the points for Liverpool but Mane was penalised for handball six minutes from time and Defoe kept their cool to dispatch another penalty to take their league goal tally to 11 .
`` I do n't know exactly what I saw , '' Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said of their team 's display . `` We can play better football . ''
Fernandinho 's 32nd-minute lunge on Burnley 's Iceland midfielder Johann Berg Gudmundsson was deemed two-footed by referee Lee Mason and they did not hesitate to show a red card to the Brazilian who has been sent off three times in their six games .
Burnley were unable to capitalise on their numerical advantage though and City actually improved after the break when David Silva and Aguero were introduced off the bench .
Clichy , who had managed only one league goal in more than 100 Premier League games for City , gave their side the lead in the 58th minute with a precise shot past Burnley keeper Tom Heaton .
Four minutes later Aguero grabbed their 11th league goal of the season with a superb finish from a tight angle .
Ben Mee halved the deficit 20 minutes from time and there were a few late jitters as City held on .
Sixth-placed Manchester United are at West Ham United in the day 's late kickoff .
( Reporting by Martyn Herman ; Editing by Clare Fallon )
BEIJING : Alphabet 's Google has launched a file managing tool in several Chinese app stores as it looks for fresh inroads into the world 's biggest smartphone market , where most of the Internet giant 's top products remain banned .
The US firm on Thursday released a China-specific version of Files Go , a storage management tool for smartphones , the second China-specific app it has released since its flagship services were banned .
Advertisement
The app , which has a small number of users compared to Google 's flagship search and app store products , is also the first it has launched on third-party Chinese app stores including those hosted by Baidu , Xiaomi and Huawei .
China has represented a black hole on Google 's global map since regulators began banning the company 's products in 2010 when it refused to censor results in line with local laws .
Its search engine is banned in the Chinese market along with its app store , email and cloud storage services .
China 's cyber regulators say restrictions on foreign media and Internet platforms are designed to block influences that contravene stability and socialist ideas .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Google has been trying to expand its operations in China and has launched a dedicated artificial intelligence research hub in Beijing , but its return to providing consumer products has been slow amid tightening censorship regulations .
Google has , however , ramped up its China efforts recently . CEO Sundar Pichai has made several visits to the country and has spoken at two Chinese government forums since December .
Last year , Google released its Google Translate app in China . It is maintained by Google 's local joint venture .
The Files Go app , which helps users free up storage space , has been developed by Google 's Next Billion program that targets developing markets , including India and Indonesia , where there are a large number of people using low-end smartphones .
While Google 's consumer services are largely blocked in China , its Android operating system is used widely by top smartphone vendors , including Xiaomi and Huawei phones .
( Reporting by Cate Cadell ; Editing by Himani Sarkar )
Jordan Xavier Sanchez 5lbs 4oz ( left ) arrived at 12:12 a.m. just minutes after their twin brother J'aiden Alexander Sanchez 6lbs 3oz ( right ) .
An Arlington family celebrated the end of 2016 and the beginning of 2017 in an unusual way , with the birth of twin boys in two different years .
Medical City Arlington says Cassandra Martinez was due to deliver their third and fourth babies on Jan. 20 , but they came early .
J'aiden Alexander Sanchez was the first to arrive at 11:46 p.m. on Dec. 31 while Jordan Xavier Sanchez arrived at 12:12 a.m. on New Year 's Day , making them the first baby born at Medical City Arlington in 2017 .
`` I definitely was not expecting to spend the holiday , but I am glad they 're here and healthy , '' said Cassandra Martinez , the twins ' mother .
In addition to having different birthdays , the Sanchez twins are the third set of twins of this generation in their father 's family .
The hospital says twin brothers born on different days in different years , may be as rare as a one-in-a-million occurrence , according to some estimates .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
LOS ANGELES — It is n't often a college football player expands on an answer to a simple question by actually providing potentially useful insight .
Perhaps USC wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster could n't hide the excitement .
Asked last week if they thought the Trojans ' tall wide receivers winning one-on-one battles with Penn State 's shorter cornerbacks would be a key in today 's playing of the 103rd Rose Bowl Game in Pasadena , Smith-Schuster agreed , before adding a caveat of their own .
“ Trick plays , too , ” they said .
Trick plays ?
“ They have a lot of them , ” Smith-Schuster added . “ I think you 'll see them on both sides . ”
Well then ...
Under offensive coordinator Joe Moorhead , Penn State 's offense has certainly become adept at creating big plays through some forms of deception . The Nittany Lions rank in the top 10 in the nation in plays of more than 20 , 40 and 80 yards , and quarterback Trace McSorley leads the nation in passing yards per completion , with 16.31 .
But coach Clay Helton 's Trojans are n't averse to finding creative ways to make big plays , either . Offensive coordinator Tee Martin 's group has amassed 400 yards or more of total offense in each of its last nine games . When it comes to trick plays , though , it might turn to its defense for some help .
Cornerback Adoree ' Jackson , who won the Jim Thorpe Award as the nation 's top cornerback this season , has made an impact on offense at times as well for the Trojans . Jackson rushed for 49 yards on five carries , and they also caught a 52-yard touchdown strike during the regular season .
Asked if they planned to be part of the offense in any way today , Jackson did n't give any official word . But , it 's clear where they want to be .
“ I would hope so , ” Jackson smiled .
Banner day
Zach Banner is going to be difficult to miss , but Penn State fans should watch the massive USC right tackle , anyway .
The largest player in college football , Banner is listed at 6-foot-9 , 360 pounds , and they returned to USC for their senior season partly because they realized NFL scouts considered him , perhaps , too big when they played at 385 pounds , weight they just could n't seem to shake after undergoing hip impingement surgery that cost them their true sophomore season .
Before that , Banner was a member of USC 's basketball team as well as being a first-year student star on the football squad , and he 's so outgoing a force in the USC community that they won the team 's community service award and was asked to emcee outgoing USC athletic director Pat Haden 's retirement party .
With their weight decreasing , Banner is considered a top prospect for the 2017 NFL Draft , perhaps at guard .
“ The Biggest advantage ? I get to maul people if I know how to do it , ” Banner said when asked about their size . “ The Biggest disadvantage is I ca n't go out and eat with you after this . I 've got to eat oatmeal and a protein shake and try to keep my weight down , or else I wo n't be able to maul people . ”
Go figure
If Penn State 's coaching staff had its way , first-year student linebacker Cam Brown would n't have played a snap this season . And the only reason they wound up playing at all , they know , is because all three starting linebackers missed significant spans of action due to injury , especially early in the season .
In a way , Penn State may be fortunate it had to make the call it did with Brown , a 6-foot-5 , 215-pounder who has become a force on special teams .
“ I love it , ” Brown said of their role on punt and kick blocking teams . “ To me , it 's like ( special teams coach Charles Huff ) preaches all the time , it 's the third part of the game . ”
With long arms and a lanky frame , Brown looks more suited perhaps to get their hands and arms in the way of kicks than they do to play linebacker , which they also did well , making 19 tackles combined in their most significant action against Michigan and Minnesota . In high school , Brown said they blocked two field goals and a punt , and that 's before they started to take special teams as seriously as they do now .
They came close to a block against Purdue , and they lament whiffing on a blocked punt against Michigan State in which they went untouched into the backfield untouched . But they did n't miss against Ohio State , when their fourth-quarter block of a Cameron Johnston punt set up a Penn State field goal that helped it claim the lead late in the upset win .
“ It was like making a big tackle , for me , ” Brown said of the block . “ It did n't hit me personally , just in that it meant more for the team and the season and how it jump-started us . ”
Sure , but do they ever think about what might have been had the coaching staff been able to redshirt him , if they had spent the year developing instead of contributing out of necessity ? Obviously , they would n't have been on the field to block the punt if they had redshirted , perhaps changing the course of the season .
“ I do n't think about things like that , ” Brown laughed . “ I think about more what did happen , or will happen . ”
Contact the writer :
dcollins @ timesshamrock.com
@ psubst on Twitter
PARIS : France 's justice minister on Wednesday ( Jul 4 ) ruled out resigning after a notorious robber was broken out of prison by helicopter , despite a recent warning that the convict was on the verge of trying to escape .
Career criminal Redoine Faid , who had fled from prison once before , was sprung from the Reau prison near Paris on Sunday by heavily armed accomplices .
Advertisement
After initially fanning out nearly 3,000 officers to find Faid , 46 , and their helpers , police say 100 specialised agents are now trying to track them down .
Redoine Faid , who had previously broken out of prison using dynamite , was freed by armed accomplices from a prison near Paris on Sunday . ( Photo : AFP )
Justice Minister Nicole Belloubet has drawn fire over claims of insufficient security at the site , including the lack of anti-helicopter nets over the prison 's courtyard .
French daily Le Figaro has also published what it says is an email written by a regional prison official seeking Faid 's urgent transfer to another facility , citing `` a serious threat of an attempt '' to escape .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But France 's national prison administration responded that a transfer would be possible only in September .
Calling the delay `` very dangerous '' for guards , the regional official added that `` today we 're acting because it 's urgent , tomorrow we 'll be acting after the fact ! ''
Belloubet confirmed Wednesday that the request had been made , but that they were not involved in the decision .
`` Of course I am fully responsible for my administration , but I did not personally take this decision , '' they told RTL radio .
More than 300 prisoners are under maximum surveillance in France , they said .
`` Obviously I 'm not the one who decides on the conditions of detention for each of these detainees , '' they added .
Asked if they were considering calls for their resignation from some opposition lawmakers , Belloubet said : `` No , not at all .
`` We 're dealing with a very serious situation . We need to react not with the posturing that I have sometimes heard , but with calm and determination , '' they said .
NIGHTMARE
The brazen jailbreak of Faid , who has said they were inspired by movie baddies such as Tony Montana in `` Scarface '' , began Sunday at an airfield northeast of Paris .
Two men posing as flight school students , who had already taken an introductory flight , forced the instructor to take them to the prison , threatening harm to their family .
`` It seems like the stress is more intense this morning than yesterday or the day before , '' the instructor , Stephane Buy , told RTL radio on Wednesday .
They said the men first forced them to land in a nearby field where they held them at gunpoint and struck them with their pistols while telling them their plans .
They then headed for another field where they were joined by other accomplices , but the helicopter would n't re-start .
`` And that 's when it became a nightmare ... They probably thought I was faking an engine problem , '' Buy said .
`` They kept hitting me with their rifle butts , harder and harder '' until they passed out , they said , before being woken again by the attackers .
After arriving at the prison and freeing Faid , they took off for the suburb of Roissy northeast of Paris , where they then tried to set the helicopter on fire before fleeing by car .
The vehicle was later found burned out in a shopping mall car park , where they then left in a white van that was later found torched in the Oise department north of Paris on Monday .
Faid had been serving a 25-year term over a botched 2010 robbery in which a police officer was killed , though they claim their death was accidental .
Uber will defend its right to operate in London in a court hearing on Monday after the app was deemed unfit to run a taxi service and stripped of its license in its most important European market .
LONDON : Uber will defend its right to operate in London in court next year after the app was deemed unfit to run a taxi service and stripped of its license in its most important European market .
Regulator Transport for London ( TfL ) shocked the Silicon Valley firm by rejecting its license renewal bid in September , citing its approach to reporting serious criminal offences and background checks on drivers .
Uber 's 40,000 drivers , representing around one in three of all private hire vehicles on the British capital 's roads , can continue to take passengers until the appeals process is exhausted , which could take years .
The legal battle pitches one of the world 's richest cities against a tech giant known for its forays into new markets around the world that have prompted bans , restrictions and protests , including by drivers of London 's famous black cabs .
At a case management hearing on Monday , the chief magistrate at Westminster Magistrates ' Court Emma Arbuthnot said they hoped to hear the appeal over five days from April 30 , although the start date could be pushed back due to scheduling clashes .
Further hearings will take place next week to decide whether the GMB trade union and the London Taxi Drivers ' Association can participate in the case .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Months of further legal wrangling are likely unless the app , valued at around US $ 70 billion with investors including Goldman Sachs , can come to a new arrangement with the regulator .
Chief Executive Dara Khosrowshahi has apologized to Londoners and met TfL Commissioner Mike Brown in October for what both sides described as constructive talks .
Brown told Reuters in November that `` there are some discussions going on to make sure they are compliant . ''
`` We continue having constructive discussions with Transport for London in order to resolve this , '' an Uber spokesperson said ahead of Monday 's hearing . `` As our new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi has said , we are determined to make things right . ''
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Losing its London license was just one of many blows to Uber this year as a stream of executives left amid controversies involving allegations of sexual harassment and issues surrounding data privacy and business practices .
In Britain , Uber is looking to appoint a new boss after Jo Bertram announced their departure less than two weeks after London 's decision .
It also faces potential problems in the northern English city of Sheffield where its license has been suspended and in Brighton , southern England , where local officials extended the firm 's license for only six months to give them more time to consider the outcome of the dispute in London .
( Reporting by Costas Pitas ; Editing by Keith Weir )
0
Right now , my excitement for Ready Player One is brushing up against the weakness of the source material . Ernest Cline 's novel has a great structure and a solid concept—a guy enters a virtual reality space where they go on a quest to discover three keys that will give them ownership of the entire virtual reality—but it 's so drenched in nostalgia that it struggles to breathe . There are multiple points where you just stop reading , roll your eyes , and say out loud to no one in particular , “ Yes , I too like 80s pop culture . ”
Nevertheless , the book has been a bestseller with Steven Spielberg adapting it , so perhaps it 's no surprise that Cline is working on a sequel . During a Facebook Q & A for the film [ via The Verge ] , Cline revealed that he 's started work on a follow-up :
“ It 's true . I ca n't talk about it too much , but there 's no better inspiration for a writer [ than ] to return to a world they 've already worked on when they 're watching Steven Spielberg bring that world to life . ”
Cline added that they had bounced some ideas off of Spielberg , but did n't provide any specifics about what the sequel would entail .
The crazy thing about this is even though I 'm not a huge fan of Cline 's first book ( I did n't read their follow-up , Armada ) , I would be willing to return to the world of Ready Player One just like I 'm eager to see the movie because I think there 's a way to do this concept right and provide a comment on our obsession with nostalgia and pop culture , but it requires some level of criticism and understanding the balance between appreciation and obsession . I do n't know if Cline has the skill to do that , but hopefully he 's grown as a writer and that Spielberg provided some good guidance .
Ready Player One opens March 30 , 2018 .
Walt Disney Pictures has finally found a capable director for its upcoming live-action take on `` Mulan . '' According to multiple reports today , `` Whale Rider '' and `` McFarland , USA '' director Niki Caro will be taking the helm as the director on the upcoming film .
According to ComingSoon , `` Mulan '' now marks what is only the second film that a female director has taken on a project budgeted higher than $ 100 million at The Walt Disney Studios . The studio 's first film to hit that budget featured Selma 's Ava DuVernay taking on Disney 's adaptation of `` Madeleine L'Engle 's A Wrinkle in Time . ''
That film project is now in production and is targeting an April 6 , 2018 , release . The animated `` Mulan , '' which was released by Disney in 1998 , was a film adaptation of the ancient Chinese legend of Hua Mulan , a female young woman who disguises themselves as a manly warrior in order to take their aging father 's place in the military .
Advertisement
Other reports also bring the news that Bill Kong , who has produced epic martial arts films like `` Hidden Dragon , '' `` Crouching Tiger , '' and `` House of Flying Daggers , '' has joined the Mulan production team as the executive producer . According to NZHerald , Niki Caro was also a talent that was being looked at to take on Marvel Studios ' `` Captain Marvel , '' but their schedule on Mulan might conflict and will ultimately hinder that possibility .
Captain Marvel , which is set to star Brie Larson in the title role , is targeting a March 8 , 2019 , release . It will be part of a set of upcoming Marvel films that will make up phase four of the MCU .
Lauren Hynek and Elizabeth Martin have already provided the initial screenplay for `` Mulan , '' which has since been rewritten by Amanda Silver and Rick Jaffa . With Niki Caro directing the upcoming Disney film , expectations are going to be high for the `` Mulan '' movie .
As of now , the list of cast members for the movie is still yet to be determined . Expect more updates to come soon .
- Advertisement -
China on Monday condemned an attack on UN peacekeeping forces in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) on Dec. 9 , in which 15 Tanzanian blue helmets were killed .
53 others were wounded in the raid on a base in Congo .
Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang made the remarks at a daily news briefing .
They mourned the victims and expressed condolences to their families .
The attack on Dec. 9 by suspected Allied Democratic Forces rebels took place in North Kivu province in the eastern part of the DRC .
It was the worst attack on a peacekeeping mission in nearly 25 years , and 53 other peacekeepers were also wounded .
“ China is willing to continue to work with the international community , to play a positive role in peacefully solving the DRC issue and maintaining peace and stability of Africa , '' Lu said .
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said the attack constituted a war crime and called on Congolese authorities to investigate and “ swiftly bring the perpetrators to justice ” .
“ I want to express my outrage and utter heartbreak at last night 's attack , ” Guterres told reporters at U.N. headquarters in New York .
“ There must be no impunity for such assaults , here or anywhere else . ”
The UN Security Council condemned the attack on Friday and held a moment of silence for the victims .
- Advertisement -
The ADF is an Islamist rebel group that has been active in the area .
Congo 's UN mission , said it was coordinating a joint response with the Congolese army and evacuating wounded from the base .
The mission said five Congolese soldiers were also killed .
Congo 's army said only one of its soldiers was missing , however , while another had been injured , adding that 72 militants had been killed .
Rival militia groups control parts of mineral-rich eastern Congo nearly a decade and a half after the official end of a 1998 to 2003 war in which millions of people died , mostly from hunger and disease .
The area has been the scene of repeated massacres and at least 26 people died in an ambush in October .
Increased militia activity in the east and centre of the country has added to insecurity in Congo this year amid political tensions linked to President Joseph Kabila 's refusal to step down when their mandate expired last December .
An election to replace Kabila , who has ruled Congo since their father 's assassination in 2001 , has been repeatedly delayed and is now scheduled for December 2018 .
Established in 2010 , the mission is the UN 's largest peacekeeping mission and had recorded 93 fatalities of military , police and civilian personnel .
The death of an 8-year-old boy could easily have been averted if nine sheriff deputies had acted . The deputies have not being prosecuted . According to the Daily Mail , Gabriel Fernandez was tortured for eight months by their mother , Pearl Fernandez and their boyfriend , Isauro Aguirre , in 2013 . The young boy was forced to eat their vomit and feces . They were beaten with a bat , doused in pepper spray and burnt with cigarettes . These were only a few of the atrocities they suffered before they died . At the time , Gabriel Fernandez was being abused , none of the deputies found anything amiss . Even when the 8-year-old boy 's teachers complained about their obvious injuries , which included BB-gun marks on their face , burns on their head and black eyes . Aguirre and Fernandez go on trial in March for the Gabriel 's death . They have been charged with special circumstance of torture and murder . Gabriel Fernandez was brought up by their grandparents , Robert and Sandra Fernandez . However , in September 2012 , their daughter decided that they wanted them back . Them parents fought the claim , arguing that they had a history of abusing their other kids and was battling a drug addiction . The state of California sided with Pearl and Gabriel started living with them They were enrolled at Summerwind Elementary where teachers noticed the boy was being abused almost immediately . A deputy tasked with finding Gabriel Fernandez after the boy had been absent from school for a long period halted… https : //t.co/LCQHJhKL6J — Anon Against Abuse ( @ 1AAICAA ) January 2 , 2017 A teacher , Jennifer Garcia , was told by the boy that they were beaten with a belt buckle until they bled by their mother . The teacher said they called social services who gave the case to one of the caseworkers , Stephanie Rodriguez , who would subsequently face prosecution for negligence along with three others did nothing substantial . According to the social worker , Gabriel said they were joking . In November 2012 , the situation worsened . Each time , Jennifer Garcia notified a social worker whenever they noticed the boy had been abused . They started lying in their weekly reports because they believed it would whittle down the abuses . In January 2013 , Gabriel returned back to school after being absent for a week . Their eyes were swollen and there were bruises all over their face . Their mother had shot them in the face with a BB gun . Child welfare records , court documents and a review of grand jury testimony confirmed that deputies visited the boy multiple times when they were being tortured and beaten . But the deputies insisted there were no signs of abuse and did not file any paperwork that would have prompted child abuse investigators to act . Deputy Imelda Rizo went to the Palmdale residence and did not file a report . Another one left the home , filing a report that the young boy was suicidal . The deputy allegedly told Gabriel 's mother to get mental health services for him . They left the home without interviewing or physically examining the boy . When a security guard reported that Gabriel had bruises on their face and alleged cigarette burns on their scalp , the security guard was scolded by a sheriff 's deputy who screamed that being burned with cigarettes “ was not an emergency. ” Another deputy who checked on them came to the decision that the injuries were caused when they fell from a bicycle . Social Workers Charged in Death of 8-Year-Old Gabriel Fernandez Sadly this is the norm for social workers https : //t.co/9LkDUXFbXF — Angela Borths ( @ PureMadAngel ) August 22 , 2016 The last investigation came seven days before Gabriel was killed . Another deputy had gone to look for the boy after school authorities said they had not been coming to school . The deputy that visited their home was told by the mother , they had moved to Texas . The deputy did not ask any questions and once again failed to file a report for further investigation . Gabriel was still living in the home where they were being locked in a small box , starved of food and forced to eat cat feces . None of the nine deputies have been criminally charged . But according to the Los Angeles Times , some of them have being disciplined internally . The Sheriff 's Department has refused to provide specifics , citing that state laws do not allow the disclosure of officers that are disciplined . They are still working for the state department . In the aftermath of Gabriel Fernandez 's death , a series of reforms have been recommended . Some of these reforms are for officers and social workers to share information more as well as training for law enforcement hinging on domestic issues . Deputies are now mandated to file a report for every child abuse call , whether they find evidence or not . Dan Scott , a child abuse investigator revealed patrol cops often saw child abuse as low priority and preferred not to get involved once social workers were handling the case . “ Law enforcement treats these crimes like second-class crimes . Cops believe it is a social worker 's job . They are looking for a reason to clear the case , and as a police officer ; you have got to treat child abuse like any other crime. ” Social Workers Undergo New Training Since Gabriel Fernandez Death https : //t.co/rhNv5XQZpo via @ nbcla — KJ ( @ kjgd12 ) January 2 , 2017 On May 22 , 2013 , deputies responded to a call from Pearl Fernandez that their son was not breathing . They claimed that the boy had fallen while playing . The woman , who is presently 32-years-old , said the bruises on them were self-inflicted and that the missing skin around their neck came from Gabriel vigorously scrubbing the area with a washcloth . A medical examiner who performed an autopsy said they had never seen so many skin injuries on a child . Among many other injuries , Gabriel had a fractured skull , broken ribs and BB pellets in their chest . There was a horrific burn above their groin which had burnt away their skin and exposed soft tissue . [ Featured Image by Mkistryn/iStockPhoto ]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
SINGAPORE : Beverage company Suntory has voluntarily withdrawn specific batches of Ribena Concentrate products in Singapore , after some products were exposed to air during the bottling process in Malaysia .
The recall was done as a precautionary measure as `` some products may not meet its quality requirements '' , said the Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore ( AVA ) in a media release on Tuesday ( Aug 15 ) .
`` During the company 's routine quality check , it discovered a faulty bottling machine which allowed air to enter random bottles , '' said AVA , adding that the affected bottles may spoil before the stated expiry date .
The announcement comes a day after reports that some batches of the drink were withdrawn in Malaysia over a `` manufacturing error '' .
Suntory Malaysia had said on Monday that although not every bottle is affected , `` consumers are advised not to drink the product if it appears unusual , tastes or smells sourish or if they are in doubt of the quality of the product . ''
The recalled products in Singapore , in all pack sizes , were manufactured across the Causeway . They are :
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ribena Concentrate Blackcurrant and Strawberry ( Expiring February 2018 )
Ribena Concentrate Blackcurrant and Apple ( Expiring May 2018 )
Ribena Concentrate Blackcurrant and Glucose ( Expiring May 2018 )
Ribena Concentrate Blackcurrant ( Expiring June 2018 )
The recall has been completed , said AVA .
For enquiries , consumers may contact the Ribena consumer hotline at 1800-645-9551 , or email marketing.sg @ suntory.com .
The market capitalisation of the Nigerian Stock Exchange on Wednesday dropped to N13 trillion mark following loss recorded by Nestle and other highly capitalised stocks .
The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the market capitalisation shed N153 billion or 1.08 per cent to close at N13.984 trillion , compared to N14.137 trillion achieved on Monday .
Also , the All-Share Index declined further to 38,000 points region barely one week of dropping to 39,000 marks .
NAN reports that the index which opened at 39,028.51 lost 422.1 points or 1.08 per cent to close at 38,606.41 .
Alhaji Rasheed Yussuf , the former president of Association of Stock Broking Houses of Nigeria , attributed the persistent lull in the stock market to exit of portfolio investors due to political situation .
Yussuf said that tense situation in the Middle-Belt and political campaigns contributed to the exit of portfolio investors .
They stressed that Nigeria needed foreign investors that were committed to stay on by investing in specific industries .
They said : “ We need foreign investors but we need the ones that will come and invest in our economy .
“ What we are seeing are not the ones that want to invest in our economy but the ones that want to play our market .
“ Any negative development , they will exit with their money . They are called speculative investors because they do n't want to take any risk .
“ They come to your country as soon as they see that the foreign exchange is going down or political situation is tensed , they exit .
“ The speculative segment of the foreign investors is what we are seeing in the market . ''
Nestle one of the most highly capitalised equity recorded the highest loss to lead the losers ' pack with N60 to close at N1,540 per share .
Nigerian Breweries trailed with a loss of N5 to close at N110 , while International Breweries depreciated by N2.55 to close at N49.25 per share .
Dangote Cement was down by N2.50 to close at N242.50 , while Lafarge Africa lost N1.90 to close at N36.60 per share .
On the other hand , Flour Mills led the gainers ' table , growing by N1.50 to close at N31.60 per share .
Dangote Sugar Refinery followed with a gain of 45k to close at N17 , while Dangote Flour increased by 40k to close at N8.95 per share .
FBN Holdings grew by 35k to close at N9.60 , while Fidson Healthcare added 29k to close at N6.24 per share .
However , the volume of shares traded rose by 53.85 per cent , while the value inched by 191.46 per cent .
Consequently , investors bought and sold 342.05 million shares valued at N4.74 billion achieved in 5,057 deals .
This was in contrast with a total of 222.32 million shares worth N1.64 billion traded in 4,461 deals on Monday .
The banking sub-sector , through Access Bank dominated trading activities with a turnover of 68.33 million shares worth N743.89 million .
Transcorp followed with an account of 42.09 million shares valued at N51.49 million , while Zenith International Bank sold 35.69 million shares worth N929.62 million .
Guaranty Trust Bank traded 24.56 million shares valued at N1.01 billion , while United Bank for Africa exchanged 20.67 million shares worth N220.01 million .
`` It definitely provides a shock aspect to the other team because you 're like the [ smallest ] guy in their lineup has a lot of juice too , so just think what happens when the top comes around , '' right fielder Marty Costes said . `` … If we can get that performance out of them consistently throughout the rest of the year , I do n't see a team that can beat us . ''
ISTANBUL : Turkey will bid to host the Euro 2024 soccer tournament after three previous unsuccessful attempts , Turkish Football Federation head Yildirim Demiroren said on Wednesday .
The country previously made bids to stage the finals in 2008 , 2012 and 2016 .
`` On this occasion we believe both as a management board and a country that we deserve to get it , '' Demiroren said at a meeting to announce the candidacy with sports minister Akif Cagatay Kilic .
Turkey will make its official application on March 2 , Demiroren added . UEFA will announce all 2024 bidders on March 10 and its decision on the winning bid in September 2018 .
The Turkish federation chief highlighted the country 's recent investments in stadiums as an asset to their bid .
`` Turkey is the only example of a country in Europe or even the world which has made as many as 32 stadium investments in the last few years , '' Demiroren said .
( Writing by Daren Butler ; Editing by Ece Toksabay and Ken Ferris )
Washington : A video of a boy tearfully talking about being bullied at school has gone viral and prompted an outpouring of support from Hollywood celebrities , music stars , athletes and others .
Keaton Jones 's mother posted the video Friday on Facebook , writing that their son asked to make it after they had them pick them up from school because they were afraid to go to lunch .
It has since been viewed 22 million times and shared more than 440,000 times .
`` Just out of curiosity , why do they bully ? What 's the point of it ? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to 'em ? It 's not OK , '' Jones says in the video . `` They make fun of my nose , they call me ugly , they say I have no friends ... ( they ) pour milk on me and put ham down my clothes , threw bread at me , '' they say .
`` I do n't like that they do it to me and I for sure do n't like that they do it to other people , 'cause it 's not OK , '' Jones says , tears running down their face .
`` People that are different do n't need to be criticized about it -- it 's not their fault . But if you are made fun of , just do n't let it bother you -- just stay strong , '' they say , adding : `` It 'll probably get better one day . ''
That day may have come sooner than they expected .
Chris Evans , the actor who plays Captain America , invited Jones to the premiere of the next Avengers film .
`` Stay strong , Keaton . Do n't let them make you turn cold . I promise it gets better , '' Evans wrote on Twitter .
Stay strong , Keaton . Do n't let them make you turn cold . I promise it gets better . While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world , how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year ? https : //t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans ( @ ChrisEvans ) December 10 , 2017
Update ; Good news , apparently some Titans and Vol players are helping Keaton . The school needs this Fixed immediately or people should be fired . If Someone sets up scholarship account for Keaton , let 's raise $ . I 'll start with $ 10,000 . $ 5,10,25 pp would be amazing . https : //t.co/IzLGx2e9V6 — Sean Hannity ( @ seanhannity ) December 10 , 2017
@ DonteStallworth @ Lakyn_Jones hopefully my video and the tweets that Keaton have been getting brings awareness to bullying and how serious it is in our school system pic.twitter.com/1Dujv3RxA5 — Delanie walker ( @ delaniewalker82 ) December 9 , 2017
Meet Keaton Jones a very smart little boy who is being bullied at school . This video is heartbreaking ! ! I want to bring Keaton to Vegas and hang out at UFC Headquarters . If anyone knows how i can reach the family please let me know . Thank u everyone pic.twitter.com/BR8c4ldDFc — Dana White ( @ danawhite ) December 10 , 2017
@ Lakyn_Jones Keaton , this is so accurate . Why do people do this ? I think your sooo cool Keaton ! I wan na be your friend ( but srsly ) ur freakin awesome ❤️
— Millie Bobby Brown ( @ milliebbrown ) December 9 , 2017
. @ lakyn_jones Hey Keaton , bullies are the ones with the problems NOT you . Many are bullied at home and pass it on . Cowards always need an audience . Be strong ! I 'll come walk the hall and eat lunch with you anytime . # IstandwithKeaton # Keatonstrong # KeatonJones — Dr. Phil ( @ DrPhil ) December 10 , 2017
Keaton- hang in there . Keep studying and never lose sight of your dreams . I was bullied and called fat . It gets better . Your bullies have been hurt somehow and that is why they need to hurt . They will fade away . Adventure is out there . # Keatonjoneshttps : //t.co/r5pENrI9f3 — Ed Asner ( @ TheOnlyEdAsner ) December 10 , 2017
Keaton , I 'm sorry those kids are being so mean . Unless people like that change they will end up having unhappy lives . I think you 're cool !
— Patricia Arquette ( @ PattyArquette ) December 9 , 2017
Hi @ Lakyn_Jones , could you pass this message along to Keaton ? ❤ pic.twitter.com/3l8P4fKAqW — Hailee Steinfeld ( @ HaileeSteinfeld ) December 10 , 2017
'Overwhelmed ' is an understatement
Rapper Snoop Dogg encouraged Jones to get in touch with them by direct message .
`` Say lil Man U got ta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate , '' they wrote in an Instagram post .
`` Keaton-Do n't waste time wondering why a bully would be so mean-They 're sad people who think hurting others will make them feel better because they really do n't like themselves , '' tweeted Mark Hamill , who plays Luke Skywalker in the blockbuster space saga `` Star Wars . ''
Ultimate Fighting Championship president Dana White invited Jones to its headquarters .
`` This video is heartbreaking ! ! I want to bring Keaton to Vegas and hang out at UFC Headquarters , '' White tweeted .
And Delanie Walker , who plays tight end for the Tennessee Titans , posted a video on Twitter in which they invited Jones and their family to the football team 's game on December 31 .
The response has been overwhelming for Jones 's mother Kimberly .
`` Friends , overwhelmed is the understatement of the world right now . I love each of you for what you are doing , but there is literally no way I can respond or even read all of the messages , '' they wrote in a follow-up post .
The video and other posts are no longer visible on their Facebook page .
But the school 's principal Greg Clay told the local Knoxville Sentinel newspaper they were unaware of the bullying and incident described in the video .
`` It 's not as rampant as the video would have you believe , '' Clay told the paper . `` I ca n't tell you what was done , but I can tell you action was taken with the children . ''
Despite the flood of support for Keaton , the story took a turn after social media posts allegedly from the boy 's mother surfaced .
An Instagram account in the name of Kimberly Jones showed pictures of children -- one of whom looks like Keaton -- carrying Confederate flags , considered by many as symbolic of the country 's racism .
The boy 's older sister Kalyn assured the Instagram posts were not from members of their family and denied any alleged racism .
Despite prevention campaigns , 40 percent of US students say they have faced bullying at school , according to a June 2017 studied published in `` Pediatrics . ''
Source : UN stays off sanctions issue – NewsDay Zimbabwe June 13 , 2017
UNITED Nations resident coordinator Bishow Parajuli yesterday said the international agency had no role mediating in the diplomatic fallout between Harare and individual Western countries , especially with regard to the restrictive measures imposed against top government officials .
BY VENERANDA LANGA
“ The issue of sanctions has nothing to do with the UN because these are not UN sanctions , and this is an issue between Zimbabwe and the specific country which has imposed restrictive measures . Zimbabwe and those countries that imposed restrictive measures must work it out , and this is an issue between member states to discuss , ” Parajuli said .
They were responding to a question from Chipinge West MP Adam Chimwamurombe during a capacity building workshop for MPs on Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) in Harare .
Chimwamurombe wanted Parajuli to explain how Zimbabwe could achieve the 17 SDG goals when the country was under sanctions .
Parajuli said the UN , through its agencies , would continue to support Zimbabwe in areas such as poverty reduction , agriculture and food security , gender , health , social services , peace and governance promotion , and HIV/Aids . The UN according to Parajuli had disbursed about $ 400 million per year to support priority areas in Zimbabwe such as supporting growth , job creation and creating economic opportunities .
“ Close to 38 UN funds have running programmes in Zimbabwe . There are 14 residents UN agencies that run programmes and close to 25 projects that run from outside the country , ” Parajuli said .
Zimbabwe , Parajuli added , should now sign UN humanitarian treaties which the country was yet to assent to .
“ For example , the UN is strongly advocating against the death penalty and we feel that Zimbabwe should sign the treaty . We want to applaud Zimbabwe for achieving 35 % women representation in Parliament . However , there should be more women administrators , ” they said .
Speaker of the National Assembly Jacob Mudenda said Parliament had since set in motion a process to ratify treaties that were yet to be domesticated . Mudenda urged political parties to align their contistutions to the national charter especially on issues to deal with gender parity .
“ The problem is political because the Constitution stipulates 50/50 gender representation , but your political party constitutions must be amended to ensure it is implemented , otherwise the growth towards gender parity may not be realised , ” Mudenda said .
UN senior economic advisor Amarakoon Bandara said MPs must ensure national budgets are aligned to SDGs .
“ They need to be aligned so that resources can be allocated to achieve SDGs , ” Bandara said .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
The Museum of Westward Expansion and the Gateway Arch Visitors Center are part of a $ 380-million makeover that reopened Tuesday . A new grassy park in what 's now known as Gateway Arch National Park connects the monument to the city and adds 46,000 square feet of space in a building below the arch , which opened to the public in 1967 .
`` Yesterday at Grandview Golf Club , several of our members had an experience that does not reflect our organization 's values or our commitment to delivering a welcoming environment for everyone . We are disappointed that this situation occurred and regret that our members were made to feel uncomfortable in any way . We have reached out to the members who shared their concerns to meet in-person , to fully understand what happened so that we can ensure it never happens again . Our team is very sorry for any interaction that may have made any member feel uncomfortable . Please know that we are taking this issue very seriously and expect our own organization to meet the highest standards for service that allows for everyone to feel comfortable and welcome . ''
Formula One waits for Mercedes announcement
by Reuters 02 Jan 2017 , 15:50 IST
Mercedes ' Formula One World Champion Nico Rosberg during the `` Ein Herz fuer Kinder '' ( A Heart for Children ) TV charity telethon in Berlin , Germany December 3 , 2016 . REUTERS/Britta Pedersen/Pool/Files
By Alan Baldwin
LONDON ( Reuters ) - The time for talking is fast approaching as Mercedes start a new year with Formula One waiting for a big announcement about who is going to replace retired world champion Nico Rosberg alongside Lewis Hamilton .
The team made clear before the Christmas break that they would have nothing to say before the full return to work on Tuesday .
There is evidence , however , to suggest the decision is all but made .
According to the motorsport.com website , Finnish driver Valtteri Bottas was at the Mercedes factory at Brackley before Christmas to meet team engineers and try out the cockpit of the 2017 car .
Bottas has raced for Mercedes-powered Williams since their Formula One debut in 2013 and Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff , a former Williams shareholder , has also been involved with the 27-year-old 's management team .
The Finn is the bookmakers ' favourite to replace Rosberg , who quit unexpectedly last month only five days after winning their first title , but other elements may need to slide into place before a deal can be announced .
One would be for Brazilian veteran Felipe Massa to agree to abandon their announced retirement and return to Williams as Bottas 's replacement .
Claire Williams , deputy principal of the team founded by their father , indicated last month that Williams would be open to Bottas leaving if `` an experienced , credible alternative was available '' - such as the 35-year-old Massa .
Pascal Wehrlein , the 22-year-old Mercedes reserve driver who might have expected to take Rosberg 's place but lacks experience , is another piece of the jigsaw .
The young German raced for tail-enders Manor last year , scoring the only point for a financially-challenged team whose future remains uncertain , but is expected to join Ferrari-engined Sauber alongside Sweden 's Marcus Ericsson .
Wolff , in their final words to the team before the break , gave no clues but emphasised that Mercedes ' best interests would always come first .
`` Our position in the spotlight puts every decision taken and every word spoken under an intense microscope , '' said the Austrian . `` They are debated passionately among our fans and interpreted by the media .
`` But there has been enough talking , now . This is the period for calm and considered reflection , to savour our achievements and prepare for the next campaign . ''
With testing due to start in Spain late next month , ahead of the opening race in Australia on March 26 , the factories are now entering their busiest period . The time for reflection is coming to an end .
( Editing by Ed Osmond )
Muslims who were awake because they were beginning their Ramadan fast “ saved people 's lives ” when a deadly blaze broke out at a west London tower block , HuffPost UK has been told .
At least 50 people have been taken to five hospitals for treatment as hundreds of residents in the 27-storey , 120 flat , Grenfell Tower in north Kensington have been evacuated from their flats in the building that caught fire just after 1.15am .
A local woman told HuffPost UK : “ Muslim boys saved people 's lives . They ran around knocking on people 's doors . Thank God for Ramadan ”
Khalid Suleman Ahmed , 20 , recently moved to Grenfell Tower with their auntie and lives on the eighth floor .
They said they would not normally have been up in the middle of the night but had stayed up during Ramadan for Suhur , the meal before Muslims begin fasting again during daylight hours .
However , upon realising there was a fire they immediately began banging on their neighbours ' doors to wake them .
They told HuffPost UK : “ No fire alarms went off and there were no warning . I was playing PlayStation waiting to eat suhuur ( beginning of fast meal ) then smelt smoke . I got up and looked out of my window and saw the seventh floor smoking .
“ I woke my auntie up , then got clothes on and started knocking on neighbours ' doors . Every house opened except two – I saw the other guy later on so only 1 family unaccounted for . My next door neighbour was fast asleep .
“ The whole corridor went black with thick smoke . I did n't think it was serious at all me and my auntie thought it was an isolated incident but we 'd just evacuate to be safe . When we went out and were taken by the firefighters to a safer place then we saw that it still had n't reached our house – 20 minutes or so later our house was gone . The firefighters were very quick . They immediately started work .
“ People were calm walking out but when they realised loved ones were missing or unaccounted then they started to panic . Once we were outside it started to spread more .
They added : “ I would be up this late on a Friday night possibly but never a random midweek night unless it was Ramadan . There are a lot of Muslims living there and people choose up to stay up and wait so it was certainly a factor for me and others . It probably did save lives . ”
A witness also told Sky News that Muslims who were awake had been a “ lifeline ” .
A number of Islamic cultural centres and mosques also opened their doors to help those affected .
Police said a “ number of people are being treated for a range of injuries ” , including two for smoke inhalation , as pictures from the scene showed flames engulfing most of the block on the Lancaster West Estate , north Kensington . More than 200 firefighters and 40 engines are in attendance .
[ Source : Huffington post ]
Comments
comments
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) has decried “ how ( corruption suspects ) now whip up religious sentiments whenever they are called upon to account for any alleged misdeeds '' .
Acting Chairman of the commission , Mr Ibrahim Magu , raised the concern at the 7th Triennial National Delegates Conference of the National Council of Muslim Youth Organisations in Ibadan .
According to a statement by Spokesman of the anti-graft agency , Mr Wilson Uwujaren , in Abuja on Monday , Magu was represented by Mr Mohammed Rabo , Head of the Ibadan zonal office of the EFCC .
“ It is sad to note that the corrupt , using sponsored people , claim that they are being prosecuted because of their religion or their ethnic identity .
“ They do their utmost not to answer the all-important question of whether or not they were guilty of the corruption allegations against them .
“ Who , among the corrupt and those engaged in financial and economic crimes , does so in the name of their or their religion or ethnic group ? '' Magu was quoted as saying .
They stated that religious or ethnic identity was never a consideration whenever the EFCC arrested or prosecuted individuals for economic and financial crimes .
“ What we see before us are men and women who have done something wrong and who should answer before the law courts .
“ Each and every person we have interrogated and prosecuted cornered resources meant for their people to private use .
“ But they turn around and appeal to those same people they have impoverished – whipping up ethno-religious sentiments , '' Magu stated .
The EFCC boss urged faith-based organisations to be actively involved in the fight against corruption by teaching their faithful moral uprightness and integrity .
According to him , every religion teaches the fear of God and abhors every behavioural digression that promotes moral decadence , impurity and all forms of vices including corruption ” .
“ Whoever amongst you sees something wrong they should change it physically – using their hand , if they are not able to do so with their hand , they should change it orally – speaking out in condemnation against it .
“ If that is still not possible , they should detest it in their mind ; this constitutes the weakest level of faith ” , they advised , quoting a well-known Hadith ( teachings of Prophet Muhammad ) .
The anti-graft czar said there was no reason why everyone , particularly Muslims , should not be in the vanguard against corruption and other vices in the society , given the above Hadith and corresponding teachings in other religions .
“ The strength or weakness of our faith can be measured by our ability or otherwise to stand up to and challenge those committing evil acts , including those acts that negatively impact our social , economic and moral well-being , '' they added .
Magu urged the youth to form a vanguard against corruption and make themselves ambassadors of integrity by questioning any momentary wealth and ostentatious living .
LONDON : Claude Puel was sacked as Southampton manager on Wednesday ( Jun 14 ) after just one season in charge , the English Premier Club announced .
Puel , 55 , took Southampton to a respectable eighth-place finish in the table and to the League Cup final where they were defeated by Manchester United .
`` Southampton Football Club can today confirm that it has terminated the contract of Claude Puel with immediate effect , '' said a club statement .
Puel , a former Monaco , Lille , Lyon and Nice coach , was booed by their own fans when visitors Stoke City won 1-0 at St Mary 's on the final day of the Premier League season in May .
Officials at Southampton had already revealed plans to review the Frenchman 's future and Puel 's cause was not helped by their side 's failure to score for a fifth straight home match .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` Everyone at Southampton would like to express our thanks to Claude for their hard work and commitment this year . The highlight of the season was a memorable day at Wembley in the League Cup Final , a day our fans will always treasure , '' added the club .
`` We wish Claude well for the future . The search for a new management team is underway . We are confident that we will find the right fit in line with the long term vision of the club . ''
Puel replaced Ronald Koeman as manager last year when the Dutchman took over at Everton and signed a two-year contract .
Despite Southampton 's eighth-place finish , they lost 16 league games and suffered early exits from both the FA Cup and the Europa League .
During the defeat against Stoke , their team 's own fans chanted `` You do n't know what you 're doing '' .
Puel had told reporters before the season ended that they had expected to still be in charge for the 2017/2018 season .
`` I came here for a project , to continue this work to improve all these young players , '' they said .
`` Many players have become starting players this year , like Maya Yoshida , Oriol Romeu , Jack Stephens so it 's important to continue this role and keep building the future of Southampton .
`` There were European games , cup games , with quality . We reached the final at Wembley against Manchester United and we 've also improved many players .
`` So it has surprised me to see and read all this speculation in particular . ''
Former Borussia Dortmund boss Thomas Tuchel and ex-Manchester City manager Mauricio Pellegrino have both been linked with the job while Jaap Stam is also another reported contender after guiding Reading to the second-tier Championship play-off final .
For five years now , the B.C . government has been extracting more money than it needed to take from you , racking up massive budget surpluses in the hundreds of millions of dollars every spring .
Now , with an election looming , Premier Christy Clark has decided you have forked over enough . This year , instead shaking you by the ankles for every nickel you 've got , you 're going to get some of your own money back .
“ That money belongs to you , ” Lt.-Gov . Judith Guichon summed up accurately in Tuesday 's throne speech .
“ In the coming budget , your government will provide financial relief to taxpayers . ”
I guess that means Christy Clark is going to cut your taxes next week , something she 's been hinting at for a while .
“ When we have a surplus , it means that we are taking too much money from people in their taxes , ” Clark said .
This is a stunning admission by the premier . And they obviously want you to be thrilled and delighted as the government reserves the flow of its money-sucking vacuum cleaner and converts it into a pre-election leaf-blower of loot .
Surely you will now vote Liberal on May 9 as the government showers you with your own hard-earned cash . But is n't it just a little bit tacky to expect people to be grateful when all you 're doing is giving back what you took in the first place ?
That 's like a mugger returning your wallet and then the mugger wants you to buy them a latte to say thanks .
Next week , the Clark government will once again introduce a surplus budget — the fifth surplus in a row .
Here 's how much surplus cash the government has mopped up in each budget year : $ 347 million ( 2013 ) ; $ 1.7 billion ( 2014 ) ; $ 730 million ( 2015 ) and $ 2.2 billion ( 2016 ) .
That 's a combined surplus of $ 5 billion in just four years . With a fifth surplus looming , that 's more than $ 1 billion in extraneous loot extracted from your wallet every year .
Now the money will flow the other way .
“ Finding ways to give money back to citizens through lower taxes and lower fees — I 've always thought that was the wise thing for any government to do , ” Clark said .
Wait a minute . Clark “ always ” thought that ? Then why has they waited five years to do the “ wise thing ” ?
The government has been racking up huge surpluses every year . They simultaneously jacked up a wide range of fees and premiums and hidden “ stealth taxes ” — such as ICBC and B.C . Hydro rate hikes that were then transferred to government in massive “ dividends ” .
I guess wisdom takes time . Or , if you have a cynical streak like me , you might suspect the Liberals are just trying to buy your vote with your own money .
Clark would not say exactly what “ lower taxes and lower fees ” are coming . But it better be impressive , given the way the government hyped it .
It 's payback time for taxpayers . And about time , too . But just remember : you 're only getting your own money back .
twitter.com/MikeSmythNews
msmyth @ postmedia.com
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com .
Origami 's many marvels : Artist Himanshu Agarwal demonstrates the paper folding art
Have you ever made a paper boat , fan or plane ? A tipi-tipi tap ? Knowingly or unknowingly , we 've all done origami sometime in our lives . Derived from the Japanese words , Oru and Kami , which literally mean paper folding , origami 's premise is pretty simple : you start with a square or rectangular sheet of paper and transform it , through folding techniques , into a sculpture . It could be a swan , crane , violin , headphones , a fictional character… anything ! It is , essentially , a craft that has been developed into an art , says Himanshu Agarwal , a Mumbai-based origami artist . The idea of origami is not restricted to a certain kind of paper , size or technique . Though the use of glue and cuts is often used to make larger and more intricate designs , it is discouraged in modern origami . Agarwal feels that it is more of a test than discouragement . They say , “ It 's like a challenge , can you make it ( origami ) from a single sheet of paper . ”
CLAIM
A video shows an ice fisherman getting eaten by an orca .
False
RATING
False
ORIGIN
A video purportedly showing an orca eating an ice fisherman has been making its way around the Internet for several years :
It shows an Inuit fisherman sitting on a frozen body of water with a fishing rod , when suddenly a gigantic orca bursts through the ice and grabs him . However , this is is not genuine footage ; as the voiceover might indicate , it is actually an edited version of a commercial for Tip Top bread .
The original advertisement was created in 2002 by advertising company M & C Saatchi for George Weston Foods , which owns Tip Top Bakeries and directed by Roger Tompkins . Part of the commercial was later edited out , and the clip was then circulated as though it shows a real ice fisherman getting eaten by a killer whale .
The original commercial can be glimpsed below . ( A higher quality version can be found on Tompkins ' web site ) :
In a similar vein , the Dominican Republic-based chain of La Sirena retail stores showed an orca attacking a man on a beach in an effort to sell pencils . That advertisement was also edited and circulated as if it were genuine .
Removing identifying content in order to circulate unbelievable footage as genuine is a common ruse on the internet . Although these deceptive tactics usually involve humorous or lighthearted content ( such as skydivers landing on trampolines or people tow surfing behind sharks ) , this sort of “ prank ” has also been used for less amusing purposes , such as spreading fears about an imminent ( but nonexistent ) nuclear war .
A post shared by Ryanlochte ( @ ryanlochte ) on Jun 14 , 2017 at 10:47am PDT
Ryan Lochte is sharing their baby boy with the world .
The disgraced Olympian posted a cuddly snap of him , fiancée Kayla Rae Reid and their new addition Caiden Zane on Instagram on Wednesday .
“ Words ca n't express how happy I am , ” Lochte , 32 wrote below the snap from the pages of Us Weekly , which broke the news of baby 's arrival on June 8 .
Caiden is the first child for the couple .
One commenter on Lochte 's instagram wrote “ him and Boomer should race , ” referring to fellow swimmer Michael Phelps ‘ 1-year-old son .
According to model Reid 's Instagram account , she 's ready to return to their pre-pregnancy body .
“ Now that Caiden has arrived it 's all about recovery and then getting my body back , ” they wrote .
SINGAPORE : Hindoo Road used to house a sleepy , vacant stretch of land but not anymore .
These days , most passersby stop to spend some time admiring the multi-coloured umbrella trees that have spouted at that spot , the Urban Redevelopment Authority ( URA ) said on Wednesday ( Feb 15 ) .
Many whip out their phones to take selfies with the purple , yellow , red and blue umbrellas , it said .
The installation of umbrella trees at Hindoo Road was based on the design of a winning entry from the first run of the Ideas for Public Spaces competition in 2015 run by the URA .
The winner Marthalia Budiman was inspired by trees in the precinct and the area 's rich history and culture .
Such installations have reinvigorated previously unused plots of land , creating inviting public spaces used by the Little India Shopkeepers and Heritage Association to host community events such as yoga , film screening and drama performances , said URA .
Launching the third edition of My Ideas for Public Spaces on Wednesday , a URA press release said that `` such transformation of public spaces is what the competition is after '' .
Ideas should be engaging , delightful and able to bring life to a range of public spaces , it said .
Pop-ups should also be designed to last outdoor installation for at least three months , and should be easy to set up and transport .
Up to six of the best ideas will stand a chance to win $ 1,000 each . Selected winners will also be invited to develop and implement their ideas .
Published :
Share This
In its determined efforts of making Sambisa forest a habitable and also training ground , the Nigerian Army is following up its ongoing clearance operations with road construction into main heartland of the forest and adjoining towns . Already , work has commenced in earnest along Gwoza-Yamteke-Bitta road , as well as the reconstruction of the road from Gwoza-Yamteke-Bitta-Tokumbere , leading into Sambisa forest .
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost . Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC . More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs . Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods , the services you request or are needed to complete the move , and/or on the pricing of each individual mover . Also , certain costs are not reflected in this calculation , for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs .
The crowdfunded remake of The Last Jedi has gotten even more crazy now that it has an epic poster . A certain section of fanatical Star Wars fans and a healthy dose of online trolls have started to raise hypothetical money to entirely reshoot Rian Johnson 's film and it 's gained quite the fan base over the last few weeks . The Last Jedi was released last December and quickly became one of the most divisive productions in the Lucasfilm world , with some demanding that it be stricken from the official Star Wars canon .
So now , we have an epic poster for the crowdfunded remake of The Last Jedi that aims to fix the issues of the original movie in a facetious manner . The awesome new poster by Fro Design Company is limited edition and for sale on their website . Right away , Luke Skywalker has been `` fixed . '' He 's no longer the broken down suicidal hermit Jedi . Instead , he 's a buff dude with huge muscles and a ripped torso , leaving one to think that if this version of Luke went to Ahch-To , it was specifically to lift weights and bulk up . In addition to their trademark Lightsaber , Mark Hamill 's Luke is also brandishing a giant gun .
Speaking of Ahch-To , Rey is featured in the poster in a small role as a wife at home in the kitchen , cooking Porgs . A lot of the hate for The Last Jedi as well as the The Force Awakens comes from having a female lead , so this new fan-made poster puts Rey back in their `` rightful '' place . Carrie Fisher 's Leia Organa has gone back to the bikini from Return of the Jedi in the new poster as well , back to the tough damsel in distress that Star Wars fans apparently want .
On the villainous side , Kylo Ren is also just as buff as Luke Skywalker in The Last Jedi remake poster . Their Lightsaber now looks like an intense flame while their armor has been changed up to gain some awesome spikes . Additionally , Snoke is back , but this time he 's shown with an overhead projector to let Star Wars fans know about their backstory in what looks like a lengthy presentation . Elsewhere , BB-8 has an awesome Negan-style baseball bat , complete with barbed wire wrapped around it . If that was n't enough , Boba Fett is back in the fan-made poster as the Millennium Falcon chases their Slave I ship away from a triple Death Star .
To top off the crowdfunded remake of The Last Jedi poster , the new logo receives lightning bolts and a caption that reads : `` A Film by a Bunch of Dudes from the Internet . '' Star Wars fans have finally gotten the version of The Last Jedi that they 've been clamoring for , at least in poster-form . It 's a true work of art and an awesome trolling of the trolls . Head over to Fro Design Company to order yours now and then check out the motion version of the poster below .
My teaser poster for the Last Jedi Remake is now up in the shop . Poster done , now all we need is a script , a cast , the rights , a director , money , and talent . https : //t.co/PhEdA1CHYY # RemakeTheLastJedi # JulyTheSecondBeWithYoupic.twitter.com/j8VczWNHX4 — Fernando Reza ( @ frodesignco ) July 2 , 2018
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Highlights from day three of the Wimbledon championships on Wednesday ( times GMT ) :
REUTERS : Highlights from day three of the Wimbledon championships on Wednesday ( times GMT ) :
1050 RAONIC AND KEYS KICK OFF DAY-THREE ACTION
Advertisement
Canadian Milos Raonic , who finished runner-up in 2016 , is up against Australia 's John Millman in the second round on Court Two .
U.S. Open finalist Madison Keys is facing Thailand 's Luksika Kumkhum , with the American bidding to reach the third round for the fifth time in six Wimbledon appearances .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru ; editing by Clare Fallon )
The Good Party ( İP ) Chairwoman Meral Akşener deleted tweets dated in 2013 responding to Gülenist Terror Group ( FETÖ ) suspect Emre Uslu , who stated they want to see Akşener as a presidential candidate in the 2014 elections .
`` If you would declare your intention for presidency , it 'd be a positive development , '' Uslu tweeted on July 19 , 2013 , responding to a chain of tweets with the İP leader Akşener .
Uslu , a renowned figure of the terrorist group who fled to the U.S. before the coup attempt , is known for their notorious pro-FETÖ propaganda and is on a wanted list due to their alleged links with the terrorist group . They are also known for their tweets implying the date of the FETÖ coup attempt on July 15 , 2016 . On Sept. 14 , 2015 , Uslu responded to a Tweet asking them when they would return to Turkey by saying July 2016 : `` How long do you think it will take you to visit the homeland even if it 's just for a vacation ? Or have you completely given up on the idea ? '' a Twitter user asked Uslu , who responded by saying : `` July 2016 ... '' Their name was also mentioned in the Andrey Karlov case , the Russian ambassador to Ankara , who was assassinated on Dec. 19 , 2016 by a suspected FETÖ member in Ankara . Akşener founded the new party , İP , which mostly consists of former Nationalist Movement Party ( MHP ) dissidents , in October 2017 . Akşener was a prominent figure among MHP dissidents who heavily criticized the policies of the MHP 's chairperson of 20 years , Devlet Bahçeli . The intra-party debate ended when the dissidents were dismissed from the party after a heated process ended in courts . İP has not participated in any elections so far , and its performance in the upcoming elections is highly speculated . However , Akşener has already announced that they will run for president in the upcoming June 24 early parliamentary and presidential elections . Akşener has also been accused of having close ties with FETÖ by the chairperson of their former party , the MHP . In fact MHP Chairman Bahçeli claimed in December 2015 that FETÖ used one of the party 's candidates as a `` political tool . ''
The MHP chairperson said , `` There is a candidate who joined the MHP as a political figure from the Gülen Movement . '' Even though Bahçeli did not name this `` political tool , '' Akşener 's lawyer , Nuri Polat , is one of 30 suspects who were arrested in April 2017 for alleged links to the terror group . Akşener was quick to dismiss claims that they were the `` tool , '' adding that they would have `` proudly acknowledged it if that were the case . ''
Crews battling a massive wind-driven California wildfire that has torched nearly 800 buildings and charred 230,000 acres are bracing on Monday to protect communities menaced by flames along the state 's scenic coastline .
SANTA BARBARA , Calif. : Crews battling a massive wind-driven California wildfire that has torched nearly 800 buildings and charred 230,000 acres are bracing on Monday to protect communities menaced by flames along the state 's scenic coastline .
The Thomas Fire ignited last week and is burning in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties , about 100 miles northwest of Los Angeles .
`` Fire will continue to threaten the communities of Carpenteria , Summerland , Montecito and surrounding areas , '' the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection ( Cal Fire ) said in a Sunday night update .
Santa Ana winds and the rugged mountainous terrain have hindered firefighters as they battle the blaze , which has destroyed 790 houses , outbuildings and other structures and left 90,000 homes and businesses without power .
`` A lot of these guys ( firefighters ) have fought a lot of fires in the past few months and are fatigued , '' said Fire Captain Steve Concialdi , spokesperson for the Thomas Fire .
Concialdi said firefighters from 11 Western states are aiding firefighting efforts .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The fire is 10 percent contained , down from 15 percent on Saturday after it blew up on Sunday , growing by 56,000 acres in one day and making a run of 7 miles , Concialdi said .
Nearly 5,800 firefighting personnel are working on the blaze , Cal Fire said . The cost of fighting as of Sunday was nearly US $ 34 million , the agency added . It is already the fifth-largest wildfire on record in California .
At the University of California , Santa Barbara , final exams set for this week have been postponed , Chancellor Henry Yang said in a letter to the campus community . Air quality and transportation issues , along with power outages that have affected the school 's information technology department , forced the delay of exams until January .
Some of the other fires burning over the past week in San Diego and Los Angeles counties have been largely controlled by the thousands of firefighters on the ground this week .
Both the Creek and Rye fires in Los Angeles County were 90 percent contained by Sunday morning , officials said , while the Skirball Fire in the posh Bel Air neighbourhood of Los Angeles was 75 percent contained .
North of San Diego , the 4,100-acre ( 1,660 hectare ) Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained by Sunday and most evacuation orders had been lifted .
( Reporting by Phoenix Tso ; Additional reporting by Mike Blake in San Diego , Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles and Keith Coffman in Denver ; Writing by Joseph Ax and Dan Whitcomb ; Editing by Peter Graff )
Berlin : Jupp Heynckes said on Friday that the charm offensive to persuade them to stay as Bayern Munich coach will be `` in vain '' as they insist on leaving when the season finishes .
The 72-year-old has turned Bayern 's fortunes around , from trailing in the Bundesliga by five points when they took over in October , to their current 16-point lead .
However , Heynckes has insisted they will leave in May and answered with irritation when asked about attempts by Bavaria 's chiefs to entice them to stay .
`` There is nothing more to say about that - it 's a labour of love , which is in vain , '' they said tersely ahead of Saturday 's German league game at Mainz .
`` We should put the issue to one side and concentrate on the football . ''
This is Heynckes fourth stint as Bayern head coach .
They enjoy legendary status in Munich having steered the club to the 2013 treble of Champions League , Bundesliga and German Cup titles .
The efforts of Bavaria president Uli Hoeness and chairperson Karl-Heinz Rummenigge seem to have fallen on deaf ears despite regular meetings with Heynckes .
Hoeness stirred up the issue earlier in the week .
Having initially said there is `` no plan B '' in the search for a new head coach , Hoeness now puts the chances of Heynckes staying on at just `` 10 percent '' .
Bayern 's president is used to getting their way , but Heynckes just wants to focus on Bayern 's streak of 18 wins in their last 19 games in all competitions .
`` Regardless of things turn out , I will continue to work hard and I hope we can continue on the road to success , '' said Heynckes .
Bayern starts a run of three games in eight days as they play Mainz away , then visit third-division Paderborn in the quarter-finals of the German Cup on Tuesday .
Then comes a plum Bundesliga match when they host third-placed Schalke at the Allianz Arena a week on Saturday .
Bavaria stars Manuel Neuer and Thiago Alcantara are close to making their comebacks from injury .
Defender Mats Hummels is back after illness , but Arturo Vidal is set to sit out the Mainz match with gastroenteritis .
Backup striker Sandro Wagner is available despite turning an ankle in training , but left-back David Alaba is struggling with a groin injury .
Toronto police say they still have many unanswered questions more than 24 hours after a van attack killed 10 people and injured 14 more in a bustling area north of the downtown core .
As officers comb through the massive crime scene for evidence , some areas in the North York neighbourhood where 25-year-old Alek Minassian allegedly carried out the rampage remain off limits . A more detailed picture is beginning to emerge , however , of where the chaos began , how it unfolded over the course of about 25 minutes , and how it ended .
Here 's what eyewitness accounts , police briefings and photographs tell us so far about what happened .
The deadly drive began at Finch Avenue and Yonge Street . Witnesses recounted that a white rental vehicle suddenly mounted the sidewalk at the southwest corner of the intersection , near a Korean barbecue restaurant , and slammed into pedestrians . The first call to police came in at 1:27 p.m .
From there , the van 's path south along Yonge Street took it through several more busy intersections , past condominium towers , banks , restaurants , coffee shops , local businesses , and the bustling lawns and sidewalks around Mel Lastman Square .
Bodies covered by tarps were later pictured outside the Korean restaurant and near the Bank of Montreal at Tolman Street , one block south of where the carnage began . More victims seemingly fell at Kempford Boulevard and Empress Avenue , and then several more were hit on the wide sidewalk at the foot of Mel Lastman Square .
There were additional reported strikes just before Sheppard Avenue .
Police say the driver of the van may have swerved into the oncoming , northbound traffic lanes during the 2.2-kilometre trip . The driver may also have turned off of Yonge Street for a short stretch near the end , ending up just south of Sheppard Avenue on Bogert Avenue , where an eyewitness reported that they narrowly escaped being struck .
The van finally stopped , its crumpled bumper facing west , on Poyntz Avenue next to a sign for a currency exchange business . That 's where several videos of the arrest were filmed by bystanders .
WATCH : Video captures arrest of suspected van driver
The entire incident unfolded within the boundaries of the city 's North York district , and more specifically in the middle of the federal riding of Willowdale .
It 's a bustling area , where the average household income hovers around $ 83,000 and about 42 per cent of residents is new Canadians since 1991 . The riding is represented by Liberal MP Ali Ehsassi .
Minassian is believed to have lived on a quiet street in Richmond Hill , just 11 kilometres north .
READ MORE : First of 10 victims killed in Toronto van attack identified as Anne Marie D'Amico
Willowdale 's permanent population totals around 108,000 people , but almost as many pass through a single point at its heart every day : the Toronto Transit Commission 's Finch Station . The station is located right at the intersection where Monday 's attack began .
The transit hub is the northernmost point of the TTC 's Yonge-University subway line , and it is the busiest bus terminal in the system . It serves as a transit point for people heading toward Toronto 's downtown core to the south , but also as an end-point for workers commuting from downtown ( or other areas of the city ) to jobs in North York .
READ MORE : Eyewitnesses describe panic as van hits Toronto pedestrians
The multi-building complex at 5700 Yonge , just steps away from where the first victim was killed on Monday , is home to Ontario 's ministry of health and long-term care , Equifax , and a number of other businesses . A major Canadian Forces recruitment centre sits at 4900 Yonge Street .
WATCH : Police chief shocked by scenes of casualties
The attack began after the lunch rush had finished , but witnesses said sidewalks were busier than normal given that it was one of Toronto 's first warm days this spring .
“ I worked in that area , in fact ( Minassian ) was stopped out in front of the building I worked at for five years , at Yonge and Sheppard , ” said Conservative MP Erin O'Toole on their way into the House of Commons on Tuesday .
“ You know , the north part of Toronto is very pedestrian friendly , it 's wider and wider sidewalks , on a day like that I used to go to those places and eat outside . It 's just horrific . ”
What 's Trending on Friday , October 6th , 2017
# GregZanis
§ A man by the name of Greg Zanis drove from Chicago to set up 58 crosses on the south end of the Las Vegas Strip , one for each of the victims who died in Sunday night 's shooting .
§ The crosses were lined up along the center strip , not far from Mandalay Bay .
§ Zanis , a carpenter drove 1800 miles with the crosses to honor the victims , they wrote a victim 's name on every cross , and they brought Stars of David for Jewish victims .
§ They said , “ This row of crosses will show the severity of what really happened there , more so than numbers and pictures in the paper . ”
# CamNewton
§ Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton is apologizing for offending with their response to a female reporter .
§ They released a statement on Twitter yesterday and said , “ After careful thought , I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women . ”
§ They said it was not their intention to be disrespectful .
§ Meanwhile , Dannon , one of the companies they represent in commercials , said they are “ shocked and disheartened ” and would no longer work with him .
§ Meanwhile , the reporter , Jourdan Rodrigue tweeted an apology for what they termed “ offensive tweets ” posted on their account four to five years ago . They did not say specifically which tweets they were referring to .
# Netflix
§ A Netflix subscription just got a bit more expensive .
§ The streaming giant raised the price of two of its memberships yesterday .
§ The two-screen high definition subscription now costs $ 10.99 , up from $ 9.99 , and the plan allowing users to watch on four screens in ultra HD was increased to $ 13.99 from $ 11.99 .
§ The lowest tier subscription is staying at $ 7.99 .
§ They say that from time to time , their plans and pricing are adjusted as they add more exclusive TV shows and movies and introduce nrew product features and improve the overall experience .
§ The price change will roll out over the next several months .
# IfAnimalsCouldTalk
§ Everyone is talking about the grandma that accidentally bought their 6-year-old granddaughter , Emmersyn , the most inappropriate book ever .
§ Emmersyn 's mom , Tiffany , took to social where they showed photos of the gaffe and the situation has gone viral .
§ “ She tweeted , “ I 'm dying . My mom bought this book for my 6 year old and I just called to ask if they had actually opened the book . They had n't .
§ They sat down to read it but as soon as their daughter tried to sound out the word “ aight ” on a page with a baby chick , they thought something was weird .
§ That 's when they discovered the book was filled with cocaine jokes and curse words .
§ The author tweeted them and said “ haha . I appreciate Granny 's taste . Maybe you can regift on your 6 yr old 's 18th ? '
Swim training is courtesy of ISO Aquatics , a SwimSwam Partner .
The AQUA BOOM® is a revolutionary fitness device that facilitates full-body conditioning . It is the only equipment on the market utilizing buoyancy and viscosity for a low-impact , high-intensity workout appropriate for every athlete .
University of Tennessee Head Coach and AQUA BOOM® Technical Advisor Matt Kredich has developed multiple ways to utilize AQUA BOOM® to gain strength and flexibility to help take your swimming to the next level .
In the video clinic below , Coach Kredich shares ways to work your backstroke and freestyle using the AQUA BOOM® .
AQUA BOOM® Backstroke
AQUA BOOM® Vertical Freestyle
AQUA BOOM® Hanging Postural Alignment
AQUA BOOM® HISTORY
The Aqua Boom is one man 's vision to meet the needs of all athletes . Plagued with injuries , founder Tony Shutts realized the need to modify their fitness activities . The Aqua Boom did more than that — it helped them get in the best shape of their life .
ISO-AQUATICS HISTORY
ISO-Aquatics , LLC was founded in 2012 as the vehicle to commercialize founder Tony Shutts ' first product concept , the Aqua Boom . Our name is a tribute to our chosen discipline of isotonic exercises in the water .
Swim training is courtesy of ISO Aquatics , a SwimSwam Partner .
Highlights from day four of the French Open tennis championships on Wednesday ( all times GMT ) :
PARIS : Highlights from day four of the French Open tennis championships on Wednesday ( all times GMT ) :
1810 STEPHENS ROLLS INTO THIRD ROUND
Advertisement
U.S. Open champion Sloane Stephens moved into the third round with a comfortable 6-2 6-2 win over Polish qualifier Magdalena Frech .
The American struck 17 winners and never faced a break point in a one-sided match lasting just over an hour .
1745 WOZNIACKI SENDS GARCIA PEREZ PACKING
Second seed Caroline Wozniacki produced a ruthless display to beat Spain 's Georgina Garcia Perez 6-1 6-0 in 51 minutes .
Advertisement
Advertisement
1650 DIMITROV OUTLASTS DONALDSON
Fourth seed Grigor Dimitrov secured a decisive break in the 17th game of the final set to beat American Jared Donaldson 6-7 ( 2 ) 6-4 4-6 6-4 10-8 in the second round .
It was the Bulgarian 's 50th Grand Slam match-win as they matched their best Roland Garros performance by reaching the third round for the third time .
1630 NISHIKORI BREAKS FRENCH HEARTS
Japan 's Kei Nishikori battled past home favourite Benoit Paire 6-3 2-6 4-6 6-2 6-3 to book a third round spot after three hours on Court Philippe-Chatrier .
1615 ZVEREV SURVIVES SCARE
World number three Alexander Zverev survived a scare from unseeded Dusan Lajovic to beat the Serb 2-6 7-5 4-6 6-1 6-2 in the second round .
It was the German 's 32nd win of the season and they will face Bosnian Damir Dzumhur for a place in the last 16 .
1600 GOFFIN CRUISES THROUGH
Eighth seed Belgian David Goffin produced a clinical display to reach the third round for a fourth straight year , defeating Frenchman Corentin Moutet 7-5 6-0 6-1 .
1515 DOUBLES DELIGHT FOR WILLIAMS SISTERS
Serena and Venus Williams won their first doubles match together since lifting the 2016 Wimbledon title , defeating Japanese pair Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato 4-6 6-4 6-1 in the opening round .
1355 KEYS OUTPLAYS DOLEHIDE
American Madison Keys , seeded 13th , struck 21 winners on their way to a 6-4 6-1 second-round victory over compatriot Caroline Dolehide .
1330 DJOKOVIC BOOKS THIRD ROUND SPOT
Former champion Novak Djokovic continued their steady progress with a 7-6 ( 1 ) 6-4 6-4 victory over Spain 's Jaume Munar . The Serb extending their winning run to 17 matches against qualifiers at Grand Slam events .
They will make their 13th third round appearance at Roland Garros against Spain 's Roberto Bautista Agut , who beat Colombian Santiago Giraldo 6-4 7-5 6-3 .
1315 CHARDY STUNS BERDYCH IN FIVE-SET THRILLER
Local favourite Jeremy Chardy recovered well in the final set to beat 17th seed Tomas Berdych 7-6 ( 5 ) 7-6 ( 8 ) 1-6 5-7 6-2 in a rain-delayed second round encounter .
World number 86 Chardy will meet fellow Frenchman Pierre-Hugues Herbert for a place in the last-16 .
1250 SVITOLINA HAILS HOME SUPPORT
Fourth seed Elina Svitolina hopes Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko 's interest in tennis could boost the sport 's development in their home country .
Poroshenko last week congratulated Svitolina on Twitter following their Italian Open triumph .
`` It 's very nice of them that they follow the sport , '' Svitolina told reporters . `` And hopefully , we 're going to now have not only attention but also maybe someone could invest some money into Ukrainian tennis for our juniors , for our upcoming generation .
`` You know , I know that our federation is also working really hard to build the centre where juniors and the small girls and boys can train . ''
1230 CARRENO BUSTA BATTLES PAST DELBONIS
Pablo Carreno Busta 's nifty movement and measured approach proved decisive in a 7-6 ( 0 ) 7-6 ( 2 ) 3-6 6-4 win over Federico Delbonis of Argentina .
The 10th-seeded Spaniard will next face Italian Marco Cecchinato for a place in the last-16 .
1110 HALEP PREVAILS
World number one Simona Halep , chasing a maiden Grand Slam title , secured a 2-6 6-1 6-1 win over American Alison Riske in the opening round .
Romanian Halep , twice runner-up at Roland Garros , will next face American Taylor Townsend , who is ranked 72 in the world .
1045 OSAKA MARCHES ON
Japan 's Naomi Osaka , seeded 21st , booked a place in the third round with a 6-4 7-5 win over Zarina Diyas of Kazakhstan .
1035 SVITOLINA ADVANCES
Fourth seed Elina Svitolina , who has won three WTA titles so far this season , progressed to the third round with an impressive 6-3 6-4 win over Viktoria Kuzmova of Slovakia .
1020 KVITOVA EASES INTO THIRD ROUND
Twice Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova produced a sublime performance to beat Spain 's Lara Arruabarrena 6-0 6-4 in the second round .
The 28-year-old Czech , seeded eighth , struck 27 winners and converted five break-point opportunities to wrap up the match in just over an hour .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas and Shrivathsa Sridhar in Bengaluru ; Editing by Ed Osmond )
I am really amazed at how politicians play with the emotions of the people especially when they side with the “ emotions of the masses ” on the government 's proposed tax reform program which includes imposing taxes on sweetened beverages .
The store owners are complaining about the proposed hefty tax that will be imposed on sweetened beverages because it will direly affect their sales , which is the main reason they are against the tax proposal . Please , take note : The hefty tax on these sweetened beverages is basically to regulate the drinks because these have caused obesity and diabetes to many people .
But the politicians do not believe the reason for imposing taxes on these drinks because they are more interested on supporting the selfish motives of those people than the proposed measure that aims to address health issues that can benefit the public .
ADVERTISEMENT
Now that I am a diabetic , with the ailment affecting my heart and kidney , I now choose to drink water to address my thirst because belatedly I realized that drinking these beverages has not brought anything good to my health and body . And mind you , the medical expenses are not a laughing matter ; they are draining and painful .
For the politician , the primordial interest should be a community of healthy people and not one with sickly people especially since politicians do not appropriate a large budget for the medical needs of the people .
* * *
Lately , the marital squabble between Commission on Elections ( Comelec ) Chairman Andres Bautista and their wife , Patricia , has taken center stage with the wife revealing and wondering about the alleged unexplained wealth of the husband , who is a government official .
Patricia accused the husband of allegedly accumulating so much wealth , and presented a number of bank passbooks and ledgers to prove their point . They also emphasized that their husband 's net worth is now about P1.3 billion , which is not reflected in their SALN ( Statements of Accounts , Liabilities and Net worth ) that showed only P176 million . Chairman Bautista countered and said that it 's all about the money . They accused the wife of allegedly blackmailing or extorting a hefty amount of money from him .
It is , however , best that the chairperson explain the allegations of unexplained wealth before the court because their marital squabble is a private matter but the unexplained wealth is a public matter .
* * *
US President Donald Trump has upped their verbal attacks on North Korea , putting the world in danger of war . The North Korean regime has threatened to attack a country under the US like Guam . It has threatened to fire a missile near Guam in answer to the verbal attacks by the US president . Some experts say that in a war nobody is a winner , and it will be catastrophic for humans . So they suggest taking the diplomatic route instead of saying irresponsible verbal assaults that will exacerbate an already tense situation .
The minister of power , works and housing , Babatunde Fashola , says Nigeria is a great country which should not be compared to other countries .
The minister made this statement while answering questions at a workshop on the power sector recovery programme ( PSRP ) .
They said people needed to understand power dynamics before making statements .
“ When people say Germany is exporting power , your country is exporting power too . To Niger , to Republic of Benin , to Togo and we are selling gas to the West African region . Stop putting yourself down , we are a great country . We have challenges let us go and deal with them , ” they said .
“ All of this South Africa has this does n't follow just that way . Rwanda as at December 2016 had 208MW , the whole country ; barely half of what Abuja DisCo uses .
“ Niger is running on 80MW , Republic of Togo 200MW less than Abuja , Ghana is about 3,000MW installed capacity and they are not producing all of that ; Lagos alone is getting 1200MW , one state , half of another country . So we must understand the dynamics of electricity use .
“ Again , if you read the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan and you read the Power Sector Recovery Programme , when they tell you there are no plans to solve these problems , tell them it is a lie , that they do n't know what they are saying and that there are action points here to deal with the problems . ”
Monday evening the wastewater pump failed at Halls Crossing Marina in Glen Canyon National Recreation Area . As a result the snack bar and restrooms are temporarily closed until the wastewater system can be restored to proper functioning . Repairs are actively underway , full services are expected to be reestablished in the next 24 to 48 hours .
SOFIA : Bulgaria has asked Russian Aircraft Corporation MiG to overhaul and maintain its 15 aged MiG-29 fighter jets in a four-year deal worth up to 81.3 million levs ( US $ 49 million ) , the country 's defence ministry said on Monday .
NATO and EU member Bulgaria needs to keep its Soviet-era aircraft operational after plans to buy eight new fighter jets hit another snag .
The defence ministry will have to virtually restart the process and is yet to send requests for proposals to aircraft makers .
Main contenders remain Swedish manufacturer Saab 's Gripen jets , Portugal and the United States with secondhand F-16s and Italy with secondhand Eurofighter Typhoons . Defence Minister Krasimir Karakachanov has said Bulgaria may also send a request to Boeing for F-18 aircraft .
( Reporting by Angel Krasimirov and Tsvetelia Tsolova ; Editing by Greg Mahlich )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
Pregame at Van Andel Arena before Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals between the Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the first period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the first period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
An octopus on the ice as the Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the first period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the first period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the first period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the first period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the first period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the first period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the first period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the first period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
A packed Van Andel Arena during Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals between the Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the first period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the second period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena on June 13 , 2017 .
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the third period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the third period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the third period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the third period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the third period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the third period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the third period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins and the Syracuse Crunch meet in the third period of Game 6 of the Calder Cup Finals at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins shake hands with the Syracuse Crunch winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
The Grand Rapids Griffins celebrate winning the Calder Cup at Van Andel Arena . ( June 13 , 2017 )
A post shared by Vienna Girardi ( @ viennag ) on Jul 6 , 2017 at 8:48am PDT
On Sunday , former “ Bachelor ” contestant Vienna Girardi revealed they lost their twin daughters amid complications midway through their pregnancy .
“ This is the hardest thing I have ever had to write , ” Girardi began on Facebook . “ On Aug 3rd , I went in for an ultra sound bc the Perinatologist notice one of my twins had more fluids than the other which was the first sign of TTTS ( Twin to Twin Transfusion Syndrome ) this is when one twin takes more nutrients than the other . ”
While Girardi , 31 , explained it initially looked like there had been an improvement , their water broke later in the evening as a result of the amniotic sacs rupturing . They spent the next two days in the hospital trying to save them children .
A post shared by Vienna Girardi ( @ viennag ) on Jul 29 , 2017 at 9:33am PDT
“ The doctors had warned me that if I did not go into labor and deliver the babies , I was taking the chance of risking my own life and causing an infection in my uterus but they could not survive at only 18 weeks , ” Girardi shared . “ They also said that there was a very slim chance under 5 percent that the babies could survive and the fluids in their amniotic sacs replenish themselves so as any mother would do I did everything to save them but their hearts stopped beating on day two which is also when I went into a septic shock with 104 fever . ”
Girardi confirmed their “ little angels went to Heaven ” on August 5 . They were also rushed into the OR [ operating room ] for emergency surgery , spending the next four days in the ICU [ intensive care unit ] .
“ I do n't know why this happened and I pray the Lord gives me strength to understand why they needed my little girls , ” Girardi penned , adding they declined to donate their daughters to science .
“ This was the hardest decision I have ever had to make in my life but I knew my little girls were in Heaven already and the pain I feel I would never want any mother to ever feel , ” they continued . “ RIP My Sweet Angels … Your mommy will never forget you and I loved you both with my entire heart . ”
Girardi appeared on Season 14 of “ The Bachelor : On the Wings of Love , ” where they got engaged to star Jake Pavelka . The pair parted ways in June 2010 .
Until Cody Bellinger turned their rookie year into a personal home run derby , Justin Turner never had a teammate who hit more homers in a season than Ike Davis .
Bellinger has 34 home runs , one shy of Mike Piazza 's Dodgers rookie record . In 2012 , Davis hit 32 homers for the New York Mets . In the nine years Turner has played in the major leagues , no other teammate has hit even 30 .
Bellinger should hit lots of balls far for a long time , but you might have thought the same thing about Davis back then . In the year they hit 32 , so did Carlos Beltran , Adam Jones , Josh Reddick , Mark Trumbo and Alfonso Soriano .
Five years later , all but Davis and the retired Soriano are earning eight-figure salaries . But , when Turner and Davis met for dinner last week in Arizona , the talk was not all about hitting .
Turner and the Dodgers were in town to play the Diamondbacks , at air-conditioned Chase Field . Davis is based 20 miles away , at the Dodgers ' spring home at Camelback Ranch , toiling in 105-degree heat in an effort to rejuvenate their career by pitching .
And yes , Davis had a smile on their face . They are not devastated about the hitting part of their career becoming dormant . They are genuinely excited about trying to pitch , at 30 , in a rookie league where some of the players are a little more than half their age .
“ He 's genuinely excited about life in general , ” Turner said . “ I 'm not saying he 's not human and does n't get disappointed or get down , but he 's always had one of the most positive attitudes about life of anyone I 've ever played with . ”
As this summer wore on , and Davis ' spot on a minor league bench became more secure , they broke up the monotony of bus rides by regaling Oklahoma City teammates with stories of their college pitching prowess .
They might have wanted to shut them up by looking up their statistics on a smartphone , but catcher Kyle Farmer said there was no laughter when they saw the numbers .
“ Bugs Bunny numbers , ” Farmer said .
Arizona State Ike Davis was a closer for the Sun Devils , walking four and striking out 30 in 24 innings . Ike Davis was a closer for the Sun Devils , walking four and striking out 30 in 24 innings . ( Arizona State )
He 's gone through a few different organizations now , trying to find a way back up . They might see this as an opportunity . He 's got a good arm . — Dodgers ' Justin Turner
In 2008 , the Mets drafted Davis in the first round . They had hit .385 for Arizona State , with 16 home runs in 52 games , and the Mets hoped they had their first baseman of the future .
But Davis also had been a closer for the Sun Devils , walking four and striking out 30 in 24 innings , giving up just one home run amid all those aluminum bats .
Their left leg had not been quite right after a 2011 collision with David Wright , originally diagnosed by the Mets as a strained calf and revealed months later to be a badly bruised and sprained ankle . They were drained for years by a lingering case of valley fever .
And they have not hit . In the five years since they hit 32 home runs for the Mets , they have hit a total of 23 , shuffling from the Mets to the Pittsburgh Pirates , Oakland Athletics and New York Yankees . When they reported to Oklahoma City this spring , they joined their third triple-A team in two years .
The Dodgers floated the idea of trying pitching but left the decision to him . They were batting .212 when they stored their bats this month , heading to the lowest level of the minor leagues to learn again how to pitch .
“ He had a lot of success in their amateur career off the mound , and it had gotten to a point where they wanted to dust off the cobwebs and see what it looks like , ” said Andrew Friedman , the Dodgers ' president of baseball operations . “ The early reviews have been really good . ”
Arizona State Ike Davis , who pitched in college at Arizona State , has faced seven batters , striking out four , walking one and giving up no hits , in rookie league for the Dodgers . Ike Davis , who pitched in college at Arizona State , has faced seven batters , striking out four , walking one and giving up no hits , in rookie league for the Dodgers . ( Arizona State )
Ike has been a tremendous teammate . He 's demonstrated humility and flexibility by taking this first step . — Dodgers minor league director Gabe Kapler
They have faced seven batters , striking out four , walking one and giving up no hits . Still , neither Davis nor the Dodgers is getting too excited .
Davis declined to comment for this story , saying two innings in rookie league did not warrant much comment . The Dodgers declined to say where Davis might pitch after the rookie league .
“ Ike has been a tremendous teammate , ” Dodgers minor league director Gabe Kapler said . “ He 's demonstrated humility and flexibility by taking this first step . We 're watching their mound progress very carefully . Before we take further action , we want to ensure they stay healthy . They have our enthusiastic support in this journey . ”
The Dodgers earlier this season auditioned outfielder Brett Eibner as a pitcher . Eibner also had pitched in college , but the Dodgers ' interest was in converting them to a 25th man who could pinch-hit , play the outfield and pitch . The experiment ended when Eibner injured their elbow and required ligament replacement surgery .
In this case , Davis is a pitcher , period .
“ He wanted to do it , to get a chance to play more , and play longer , ” Farmer said . “ He has a live fastball , really good changeup , and he 's working on their slider right now . ”
Davis ' father , Ron , was a relief pitcher for 11 major league seasons , most notably with the Yankees and Minnesota Twins but also with the Dodgers in 1987 . If Ike Davis were to work their way up to the Dodgers , they and their father would join Stu and Joc Pederson , Ivan DeJesus Sr. and Jr. , and Al and Jim Campanis as father-son combinations to play for the Dodgers .
Area motorcyclists came together on Sunday to honor fallen Scranton Patrolman John Wilding at the third annual Never Forgotten Motorcycle Ride . The approximately 75-mile ride began at Toyota of Scranton and eventually concluded at Parker House Tavern , stopping at Arlo 's Tavern in Uniondale and The Gravity Inn in Waymart along the way , committee president Paul Stafursky said . Around 300 motorcycles and about 125-150 additional people came out for the event , they said . Proceeds from the event will go to help first responders and their families in their time of need , Stafursky said . Wilding , 29 , suffered a fatal head injury during a fall on July 11 , 2015 , while pursuing suspects after an armed robbery in West Scranton .
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT . Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from St. Mary Now . Not yet a subscriber ? Subscribe today !
Plants are not just decorative -- many are natural air filters that work to clean up the indoor environment , absorbing irritating or harmful chemicals from the air . We find out more about anthurium with French online florist Caprice de Fleurs.Red anthuriums are also called `` tongues of fire '' because of their bright red , shiny , heart-shaped blossoms . This plant originates from South America . Its flowers may be red , pink , or white . Anthurium is a natural filter for ammonia and xylene . Beware , however : the plant 's sap and leaves may cause allergies in sensitive people.Anthurium needs a lot of light but , as with many plants , it must avoid direct sunlight , and it needs dampness to develop and blossom . It should ideally be placed indoors , beside a window , at a temperature between 18°C and 21°C.Anthurium requires a little attention : as it can not bear dry air , you will have to spray a little water on the leaves during the winter . Likewise , it must be repotted each year in a pot with a hole in the bottom . As the plant ages , potting will only be necessary every other year .
Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo will on May 18 , inaugurate the ` repackaged and reloaded ' “ The Dome Entertainment Centre ” in Abuja , according to Dr Obiora Okonkwo , Chairman of the centre .
The Dome , located around central business district of the Federal Capital Territory ( FCT ) , was a hive of activity before its closure 10 years ago .
The management was responsible for being the first organisation in Nigeria to bring an international legendary and Hollywood actor , Wesley Snipes to Nigeria .
Its cozy atmosphere was welcoming to guests and celebrities who were in Abuja to have fun .
Top acts like , Tuface , Jim Iyke , Style Plus and other notable Nollywood stars had their glory on the platter at the Dome entertainment centre .
Okonkwo said in a statement on Tuesday that the dome was established in order to boost the entertainment industry and bringing investors into the Federal Capital Territory .
They said the vice-president would be joined by notable Nigeria 's elite and entertainment buffs at the inauguration .
According to him , the opening of the centre will mark a major milestone in our commitment to change the entertainment and leisure landscape of the country .
“ We have repackaged and reloaded ‘ The Dome ' to offer the public options for relaxation , entertainment and leisure with the addition of ‘ The Francis Hotel ' .
“ We set out to recreate The Dome and give it a new face and meaning so that it fills a void that had existed in Nigeria .
“ We are using it as our template to drive the diversification crusade of government and support in its job creation efforts .
“ Also , we are using it to provide a platform for Nigeria 's creative industry which holds a lot of promises for our youths and national future . ''
According to Okonkwo , the target is to grow The Dome to become an indigenous brand and household name for world-class entertainment and hospitality to keep Nigerians happy and entertained .
Advertisement
The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( MEND ) on Monday hailed the decision of the House of Representatives to summon former President Goodluck Jonathan on the controversial Malabu oil deal .
MEND , in an online statement issued by its Spokesperson , Jomo Gbomo , alleged that ex-President Jonathan received $ 200 million as kickback from the oil deal , while urging the federal lawmakers to compel Jonathan 's appearance
It said : “ We are compelled by natural justice , equity and good conscience to lend our voice to the most ignoble and despicable role played by the former President in the messy affair which has tainted the image of Nigeria , both locally and internationally .
“ Like millions of Nigerians at home and in the Diaspora , who have keenly followed the OPL 245 saga , we have reasonable grounds to suspect that former President Jonathan may have indeed compromised their high office with regard to the matter , more especially , given the fact that key officials of their administration , including the then Attorney-General of the Federation , Mr. Mohammed Bello Adoke , have been indicted and charged before the Federal High Court in Abuja .
“ We are in full support of moves by the House of Representatives to summon the former President to appear before the House to give answers to the myriad of questions concerning their role in OPL 245 saga .
Advertisement
“ Where they ( Jonathan ) refuses to honour the invitation , we urge the House to invoke its inherent powers to compel their appearance . ”
The militant group also said it was alarmed by media reports of the planned relocation of Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited ( SPDC ) to Lagos from Port Harcourt , Rivers State .
If it was true , MEND urged the Anglo/Dutch oil giant ( SPDC ) to shelve the idea of relocating to Lagos , stressing that the move had the likely consequence of reawakening restiveness in the Niger Delta region .
It added : “ Besides the massive loss of jobs , opportunities , taxes and other incentives , the planned move ( by SPDC ) will cause in the medium to short term , it is clear to all stakeholders , including the Federal Government , that such a move is ill advised , especially against the backdrop of the recent directive from the federal government to the International Oil Companies ( IOCs ) to relocate to their areas of operation in the Niger Delta .
“ To be sure , the Niger Delta region is no longer hostile to the business interests of the IOCs , including SPDC , as peace has since returned to the region ; following the enervating efforts of MEND , the Pan-Niger Delta Forum ( PANDEF ) , the various state governments and the federal government . There is therefore no reason whatsoever for SPDC to relocate to Lagos .
“ We use this opportunity to warn that we shall reconsider the unilateral ceasefire of May 30 , 2014 , if SPDC relocates to Lagos . ”
click to enlarge
All spirits will be lifted at the 19th annual Wine & Food Festival ( a.k.a `` Arkansas 's Premier Feastival '' ) at Wildwood Park for the Arts , 6:30 p.m. to 9 p.m. Friday , April 21.in Bryant , andwill supply the edible and drinkables for the fundraiser for the park 's arts education , the Wildwood Academy of Music & the Arts and the botanical garden . Tickets are $ 65 .
SINGAPORE : Investigations on the scandal-plagued state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad ( 1MDB ) are ongoing in Singapore and local authorities will continue to work closely with their Malaysian counterparts , said the managing director of the Monetary Authority of Singapore ( MAS ) Ravi Menon .
They were responding to questions from reporters at a media briefing on the release of the central bank 's annual report on Wednesday ( Jul 4 ) .
Advertisement
“ We are still looking at individuals and there are others we are looking forward to interview , ” Mr Menon said , though they declined to reveal specifics on how investigations in Singapore are ongoing .
While supervisory reviews of the banks have concluded , the MAS will be open to a re-look if new evidence surface . “ But so far , that has n't been the case , ” they said .
Mr Menon added : “ We 're looking very closely at new information that 's emerging from Malaysia and other places to see if any action on our part is warranted . But the investigations into individuals continue . ''
Thus far , Singapore 's central bank has taken a range of measures , including action against financial institutions and individuals who have broken laws within the country 's jurisdiction in connection with 1MDB-related fund flows .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Singapore has also jailed and banned several bankers for several 1MDB-linked convictions .
MAS MET 1MDB TASK FORCE TWICE
Local authorities have also responded to every request for information from Malaysia and other international authorities , while providing relevant information proactively to Malaysian officials , said Mr Menon .
As Malaysia stepped up investigations following its recent general elections , MAS has been in “ close contact ” and have met the 1MDB task force twice so far .
“ There ( have ) been very good exchange of information , very fruitful meetings and we will continue to cooperate with them , ” they said .
Earlier on Wednesday , former Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak was charged in court in a probe linked to how billions of dollars went missing from 1MDB , which they founded .
The 64-year-old was charged with three counts of criminal breach of trust and one count of using their position for gratification .
Najib , who lost power in an election last month , has consistently denied any wrongdoing in relation to 1MDB and its former unit , SRC International .
Chef Brendan Collins Anne Fishbein
Chef Brendan Collins is quite content here in Los Angeles . The weather is great , the produce is amazing and they have a lot going on . Their 2-year-old restaurant , Birch , is still going strong in Hollywood . And he 's been busy consulting on the menu for Tower 12 , which recently opened in Hermosa Beach .
But like most expats , Collins sometimes longs for a taste of home — in their case , that means British food . We wondered where the chef goes when they just really needs a British breakfast or some fish and chips and a pint of beer . Here are their seven go-to spots .
7 . Cock 'n Bull
`` When you 're watching Manchester United playing at 5 a.m. on a Saturday , there is no better place for a good fry-up than here . They do n't get a lot of respect for their food , but I find their breakfast to be top-notch . '' 2947 Lincoln Blvd. , Santa Monica ; ( 310 ) -399-9696 , cocknbullbritishpub.com .
The Pikey Denise Milford
6 . The Pikey
`` They do a decent Sunday roast that always hits the spot . The British/European sensibilities toward their cookery always satisfies , and is underrated in my opinion . '' 7617 W. Sunset Blvd. , Hollywood ; ( 323 ) 850-5400 , thepikeyla.com .
5 . Badmaash
`` I know it 's not technically British , but the Brits love their Indian food probably more than their own . My favorite dish that I wish I could make as well as the Badmaash guys is the butter chicken . The way they blend the kasoori methi with the tomatoes is way more than I dare to use in my version of the sauce . '' 108 W. Second St. , downtown ; ( 213 ) 221-7466 , badmaashla.com .
4 . The Local Peasant
`` With locations in Sherman Oaks and Woodland Hills , I wish this place was closer to me . It 's a bit cookie-cutter , but they 've certainly got the atmosphere right . You ca n't go wrong with the peasant balls , cheese on cheese , and a nice pint . LOVELY ! ! ! '' 14058 Ventura Blvd. , Sherman Oaks ; ( 818 ) 501-0234 . 22901 Ventura Blvd. ,
Woodland Hills ; ( 818 ) 876-0105 , thelocalpeasant.com .
3 . Catch 56
`` You ca n't beat a good fish and chips , and they do it well here . Nothing too fancy , just good fish with good batter and proper chips , loaded up with malt vinegar . '' 5615 Hollywood Blvd. , Hollywood ; ( 323 ) 667-2777 , catch56losangeles.com .
French fries at the Bellwether Anne Fishbein
2 . The Bellwether
`` My mate Ted [ Hopson ] might not be happy about me calling their restaurant British , but they did go with the classic British gastropub formula . It 's probably the best and certainly the most creative place on my list . I love their cauliflower dish , and the chips they make are incredible . All in all , it 's everything you look for in a good neighborhood restaurant . '' 13251 Ventura Blvd. , Suite A , Studio City ; ( 818 ) 285-8184 , thebellwetherla.com .
1 . Ye Olde King 's Head
`` I 've said it before , but I just love this place . It 's been a tradition for me , my mates and my family for years , and will continue to be for years to come . There 's nothing like a soggy sausage roll dipped in brown sauce while watching the footy and having a game of darts . '' 116 Santa Monica Blvd. , Santa Monica ; ( 310 ) 451-1402 , yeoldekingshead.com .
The Ngbo and Agila inter communal crisis has claimed two more lives following the murder of one Joseph Omah , and their wife , Angelina .
They were reportedly shot dead at Ngbo community in Ohaukwu Local Government Area of Ebonyi State last Friday by unidentified gunmen .
The people of the area and their neighbours of Agila in Benue State have been at war for years over boundary matters with many killed and property worth millions of naira , destroyed .
Until the killing at the weekend , the two communities had enjoyed relative peace following a peace meeting midwifed by the two state governments three years ago .
The people returned to trenches with the murder of the Omahs . The man and their wife were killed in their farm located at the boundary area between the two states . The assailants also cut off Joseph 's head .
There have been rising tension in the two warring communities following the renewed violence .
A witness , Sunday Onwe , told newsmen that they were in their farm when they heard gunshots and when they approached the scene , they saw the decapitated body of Jospeh aka Ode Nwaoma and that of their wife .
They added that preliminary investigations conducted by the people of the community showed that the attackers were recruited in Agila by a factional community leader who was hell-bent on creating disaffection between the two communities .
Mr Onwe called on the state government to intervene in the matter to prevent the matter from degenerating into clashes .
Meanwhile , the deputy governor of Ebonyi State , Kelechi Igwe , has appealed to the people of Ekwashi community in Ohaukwu Local Government Area of the state not to engage in a reprisal , following the killing of the couple .
They made the appeal on Tuesday when they visited the community to console with them over the gruesome killing of the couple , Mr. Ogwa Joseph and their wife , Angelina in their farm .
Mr Igwe described the killing of the couple as barbaric and unfortunate , coming at a time the state government had made reasonable efforts to restore peace in the area , blaming discrimination for the incessant attacks on Ebonyi people along boarder areas and warned that the era of looking down on Ebonyi was over .
He , however , assured the people that governor David Nweze Umahi-led government would strive to protect them from further attacks while efforts would be made to liaise with Benue State government to bring lasting peace
Chairman of the council , Clement Odah told the Deputy Governor that the couple were killed last Friday , with their bodies mutilated , saying the visit was timely as it would further encourage the people not to take reprisal as an option .
Also speaking , president of Ndigbo Leaders Council , Sunday Elom , said their Benue neighbors were in the habit of attacking the community , saying that the community as law abiding citizens would rely on government and other relevant agencies to resolve the crisis .
The slain couple left behind six children , including a one year-old baby .
The people of Ekwashi Ngbo in the area and their neighbouring Agila had been at war with each other for decades over boundary matters .
“ We 're just gon na , ya know , print money and buy 'em all back . ”
That is how NDP candidate Joanne Belanger answered when asked by their local radio station , CJBQ in Belleville , how their party would buy back Hydro One .
Belanger was laughing as they said it . Maybe they were joking . Or maybe , like the NDP platform on energy , there just is n't the depth on this issue for a party that could form government .
The NDP is proposing to buy back Hydro One while cutting rates by 30 % and to cancel Liberal leader Kathleen Wynne 's ridiculous Fair Hydro Plan .
As much as I have disagreed with Wynne 's actions in the past , undoing them and cutting rates 30 % is simply impossible .
Yet there it is in the NDP platform : “ Reduce bills immediately . ”
The Wynne plan to lower hydro charges , the Fair Hydro Plan , has already reduced bills by 25 % . Sure it did it by borrowing money , to be paid back later at huge cost to be paid later , but it reduced bills now .
Horwath 's plan would scrap that and spend billions to buy back Hydro One shares . At current prices , it would cost more than $ 6 billion to buy back the more than half of the utility that the province no longer owns .
Some Bay St. analysts say that to buy back Hydro One will require the province to pay a premium , possibly as high as 30 % , to get investors to give up their shares .
Where will Horwath get the money ? They wo n't say .
In the NDP 's much vaunted “ fully-costed platform ” the line on their hydro plan simply says “ n/a ” or not applicable . In essence , the NDP says their plan is fiscally prudent yet a multi-billion dollar feature of the plan has no costing associated with it at all .
How do you scrap the Fair Hydro Plan , and buy out those loans , buy back Hydro One at a cost of $ 6-9 billion and cut rates by 30 % ?
You do n't .
The NDP 's full plan on fixing the electricity system in Ontario was released in early 2017 . It makes lots of promises , but their “ fully-costed platform ” does n't offer much detail .
There are promises to end time-of-use pricing and move to the lowest rate at all times . The plan also calls for ending the practice of charging rural customers higher delivery charges .
Both of those moves would mean costs would have to be made up elsewhere . How ? The plan does n't say .
Strangely , there is no mention of the Green Energy Act , which the NDP has supported . No mention of the expensive solar and wind projects that have driven up costs .
The plan does call for phasing out contracts with the private sector for natural gas electricity production and questions about nuclear reactors but no mention of ending wind and solar contracts . The NDP also wants out of nuclear , questioning the future of the Bruce and Darlington nuclear facilities .
As for the Pickering nuclear plant , which the NDP plans to close , they call it job creation . Yes , they see shutting down a plant that employs thousands as job creation because someone will need to decommission and take apart the plant .
Perhaps the most far fetched part of the NDP plan is convincing the federal government to remove the HST from hydro bills and give up the 5 % tax they take from you each month .
Hydro in Ontario has been a political toy for decades . My own experience goes back to Bob Rae and Maurice Strong mucking about with things .
We could lay blame on all the parties for the chaos we are dealing with now but the NDP plan would only make things worse .
If you like the mess that Wynne made of your hydro bill , you will love Andrea Horwath 's plan even more .
Lawyers for U.S. pop star Taylor Swift and the Colorado DJ they accuse of groping them were due to deliver closing arguments on Monday before the federal court jury weighing their sexual assault claims against their assertion that they were wrongfully fired .
DENVER : ( The story corrects to say `` eight-member '' jury instead of `` 12-member '' in paragraph two . )
Jurors began deliberating on Monday in the closely watched trial of duelling lawsuits by Taylor Swift and a Colorado DJ over their accusations that they groped their bare bottom during a photo shoot and theirs claims the pop superstar cost them their `` dream job . ''
The eight-member U.S. District Court jury began deliberating shortly after noon local time ( 2 p.m. EDT ) in Denver after attorneys representing Swift and radio personality David Mueller gave their closing arguments .
The 27-year-old singer 's attorney , Douglas Baldridge , said during their remarks that their famous client was asking only US $ 1 in damages because they had no desire in bankrupting the DJ , only in sending a message .
“ It means 'no means no ' and it tells every woman they will decide what will be tolerated with their body , ” Baldridge said of the principle Swift was trying to defend . According to the lawsuit , Swift will donate any damages they receive to charities dedicated to protecting women from sexual assault .
Mueller 's attorney Gabriel McFarland , during their turn at the podium , told jurors their client was a respected industry veteran who never would have risked their US $ 150,000-per-year job to reach under Swift 's skirt and grab their bare rear end .
Advertisement
Advertisement
“ That 's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar out of the blue , ” McFarland said of Mueller , adding that Swift 's `` 300-pound bodyguard '' was standing nearby .
McFarland said that a photo of the incident shown repeatedly during the trial shows Swift smiling and that Mueller 's hand was not seen under their skirt .
`` He 's not lifting up the skirt ... it 's not disturbed , it 's perfectly aligned , ” McFarland said .
Swift , wearing a long-sleeved sweater dress and boots , was animated during McFarland 's remarks , at one point throwing their arms apart in an apparent gesture of disbelief when the attorney suggested they should have taken action sooner if they had been grabbed .
Mueller , 55 , initiated the litigation , calling the allegations false and suing Swift , their mother and their radio station liaison Frank Bell over their termination .
But U.S. District Judge William Martinez on Friday dismissed Mueller 's accusation against Swift , saying there was no evidence that they had acted improperly .
The judge left standing the singer 's assault and battery countersuit against Mueller , who insisted during the trial that they were falsely accused .
The judge also left intact a single claim by Mueller accusing Swift 's mother and a member of their management team of interfering with their contract and effectively ending their career at radio station KYGO-FM .
Before the trial , Martinez had tossed out Mueller 's defamation-of-character claim against Swift , ruling that they had waited too long to file a lawsuit on those grounds .
Swift , the Grammy-winning artist known for such hits as `` Fearless '' and `` I Knew You Were Trouble , '' counter-sued Mueller , saying they slipped a hand under their skirt and clutched their bare buttocks during a pre-concert fan reception while they posed together for pictures .
During the trial they testified that the DJ put their hand under their skirt and “ latched onto my bare ass cheek , ” causing them to lurch away from him .
The photograph shows Swift flanked by Mueller and their then-girlfriend Shannon Melcher . Mueller 's right hand is concealed behind Swift 's backside , and they appear to be leaning away from him .
( Reporting by Keith Coffman and Jann Tracey in Denver ; Writing by Steve Gorman and Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles ; Editing by Leslie Adler and David Gregorio )
( Reuters ) - A magnitude 5.9 quake struck off the coast of Chile , 102 km west-southwest of Coquimbo , at depth of 10 km ( 6 miles ) , on Saturday , the U.S. Geological Survey said .
Editing by Alison Williams
CNN : “ To a press corps frustrated with Spicer 's aggressive attacks on reporters and tenuous relationship with the facts , the press secretary 's imminent demise is a compelling narrative . But the most senior members of Trump 's staff say the rumors are wrong . ”
“ So where is the narrative coming from ? Spicer declined to comment on the record for this article , but Bannon and Priebus dismissed the leaks about their fate as scuttlebutt from lower level staff… Many people sympathetic to Spicer in and out of the White House believe otherwise . Five of these sources think the person behind the leaks is Kellyanne Conway , Trump 's ever-visible White House counselor . Though they offer no hard evidence , they say Conway is trying to offload blame for administration setbacks on Spicer to prove they are the more effective public advocate and earn a lasting place in the President 's inner circle . ”
Before Justice League hit theaters in November , there had been reports that if the movie had tanked , it could very well alter the course of the DCEU as a whole , with one report from October claiming the Flashpoint movie wo n't happen if Justice League bombs . Justice League debuted with the lowest opening weekend in the DCEU 's short history , and with $ 212 million domestic and $ 613.3 million worldwide , it likely wo n't surpass any of the three DCEU movies before in in either box office category . During Warner Bros. presentation at Comic Con Experience in São Paulo , Brazil this weekend , though , it seems that the studio 's slate is largely the same , with a few possible exceptions .
The Warner Bros. presentation at Comic Con Experience began with a presentation of the studio 's upcoming DCEU slate kicked off with a title card for the Wonder Woman sequel that showed the Wonder Woman logo `` flanked by Roman columns . '' Since there was no `` 2 '' in the title , it seems possible that Wonder Woman 2 may not be the official title . Since Wonder Woman is by far the studio 's biggest hit , both critically and commercially , it 's not surprising that they lead their presentation with this project .
The studio then showed the Aquaman title card , which hits theaters nearly a year from now , along with the Flashpoint title card , essentially confirming that this movie is still happening , despite earlier reports . It 's possible the studio changed their mind since Ezra Miller 's Barry Allen was considered one of the highlights of the movie by many critics , despite an overall lukewarm reception to the movie as a whole . What is interesting though is this presentation did not include a Cyborg movie title card , indicating that this project , which was being eyed for a spring 2020 release , may be dead . There had been talk that The Flash and Cyborg will team up in the Flashpoint movie , so perhaps their story is being shifted over to that project .
There was also a title card shown for the DCEU 's Justice League Dark movie , indicating that project is still in active development , along with title cards for Suicide Squad 2 , Joss Whedon 's Batgirl movie , Shazam , Green Lantern Corps and The Batman . Still , there were a few other notable absences as well , such as Gotham City Sirens , the Deadshot solo movie and the Harley Quinn solo movie and a Harley Quinn and Joker team-up movie . There was also no mention of the studio 's solo Black Adam movie with Dwayne Johnson or a rumored Deathstroke solo movie . Still , the absence of these title cards is by no means a confirmation of the project 's status .
While some of these missing projects are certainly intriguing , most of the initial slate set up by the DCEU remains intact , with the sole exception of Cyborg , it seems . There was also no mention of a Justice League sequel , but a report from October revealed that script is already being written . This report from Comic Con Experience comes from ComicBook.com but hopefully we 'll find out official details about the impending DCEU slate soon .
The official list of movie 's that were announced :
With just a few clicks it 's possible to delve into the history of your Google Assistant to see all the commands you 've issued , the replies it 's given , and hear audio recordings of exactly what it heard . Here 's how to do it .
There are two ways to get into the main list :
Via the Google Home app : Open Google Home and click on the hamburger icon ( the three horizontal lines in the top left ) . In the drop-down list , click on `` My Activity '' and you 'll soon see a list of all the interactions you 've had with Google Assistant .
Via the web : Navigate to myactivity.google.com and you 'll get a list of your entire Google history . Click on the plus button under the search bar and choose the filter for Google Assistant . Click the search button and you 'll get just your Google Assistant activity .
Whichever method you used , you 'll now see a list of your Google Assistant activity .
Martyn Williams/IDG Getting to Google Assistant 's history take just a few clicks .
Click on `` details '' to get information on when the query was made and how , via the Google app on a phone or a Google Home device .
If it was made via the app , you 'll also get your location at the time . And if it was made via Google Home , you can listen to a recording of what the device heard .
If Assistant replied with search results , an answer or carried out a task , that should be listed too .
Some of this information can be useful if you 're trying to figure out why Google Assistant keeps mishearing you . I was getting very frustrated with a string of misunderstandings , and checking the history revealed why : it was n't my phone in front of me that was interpreting what I was saying , but a Google Home in the next room that was hearing a quiet , echoey command .
Google allows you to delete any or all of this history , and if you 'd rather none of it be stored in the first place , you can turn off collection through the `` activity controls , '' which is linked to from the `` details '' page for each item .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration says drug shortages are possible because of expected long-term power outages in Puerto Rico .
According to the agency , factories in Puerto Rico make nearly 10 percent of the medicines used by Americans , plus numerous medical devices .
FDA Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb said in a statement Friday that the agency is working to prevent shortages of about 40 medicines . They did n't name the medicines involved .
The FDA said it is working with drugmakers , who are trying to restore partial operations with backup generators . In the most urgent cases , the FDA is helping companies get fuel to keep their generators running and ship finished products .
Advertisement
Most of Puerto Rico lost electricity when Hurricane Maria hit the island territory two weeks ago .
Illinois Republicans have presented what they 're calling a `` compromise '' budget and reform plan to end the state 's nearly three-year budget impasse .
It was a familiar refrain Wednesday with Republicans presenting an outline for a four-year property tax freeze , term limits and pension reform , among other things . House Republican Leader Jim Durkin said that with those changes , Republicans will agree to a four-year income tax increase .
But Democrats running the Legislature have said they 've already considered - and passed - several of the reforms . Republican Gov . Bruce Rauner has pushed for them since taking office in 2015 . Republicans say Democratic efforts fall short .
The new fiscal year starts July 1 .
The Senate passed a $ 37 billion budget that includes a tax increase . The House adjourned May 31 without considering it .
It was the autumn of 2011 , and St. Olaf student Erik Brust wanted to honor an idea they and their cousin Jonathan Jeffrey came up with when Brust visited Jeffrey at Duke University . They had brainstormed about a superior frozen treat , one that was both fruity and creamy and made from natural , simple ingredients .
Jeffrey died at age 21 from a drug overdose -- before their idea came to fruition . But Brust was compelled to carry on , naming the company in their honor : JonnyPops .
They recruited a few St. Olaf classmates , including Connor Wray , to experiment with recipes and distribute samples of the frozen treat around campus for taste-tests . The winning formula involved fruit , real cream , cane sugar , and a pinch of salt . The pops were additive- and filler-free , not because Brust was a health nut so much as an enthusiast for real , wholesome food .
“ As simple as it sounds , we were just getting our hands on the best ingredients we could in the world and that was the stuff we could find at the farmers markets and grocery stores , ” Brust says . “ Once you taste JonnyPops , you understand . ”
JonnyPops appeared in several fruit flavors around the Twin Cities in 2012 at farmers markets , at vendors along the Minneapolis Chain of Lakes , and at the Minnesota Zoo . After receiving feedback from customers , Brust and Wray returned to college that fall for their junior year and polished up the pops . They moved into their own manufacturing space and started professional food service distribution , which gave the company access to many more vendors , restaurants , cafes , and convenience stores . By 2013 , their reach expanded from about 20 locations to being represented in several states .
CEO Erik Brust and CFO Connor Wray were just named to Forbes ' 30 Under 30 . JonnyPops
Senior year of college was an inflection point for the co-founders . They asked themselves : Is this something that 's fun to work on just while in school ? Does this really have the cash flow to be a full-time job post-graduation ?
JonnyPops ended 2013 strong , so Brust and Wray wrote up a business plan for how to take the product to new distribution channels , including grocery retail . In the spring of 2014 , they launched with approximately 50 store partners in Minnesota . That year , the company was also the MN Cup Student Division Winner .
After Brust and Wray graduated with degrees in economics and statistics and economics and computer science , respectively , they took their JonnyPops positions full-time . They were both recently named to Forbes ' “ 30 Under 30 ” list for 2018 .
Has this success come as a shock ? Not really . “ The exact shape and form that it 's taken has been a little bit of a surprise , but our plan in the beginning was to start a company in college and see it through all the way , ” Brust says . “ I think in some ways , we 're living the plan . ”
JonnyPops now has 10,000 unique distribution points across the country – including in school cafeterias – but they 're on a crusade to raise its profile and encourage more people to give the pops a try .
“ We 're not even close to available in all the places in the country that sell ice cream or even ice cream novelties , ” Brust says . “ Most people do n't know anything about JonnyPops . It 's all about getting the word out this day . ”
The new Delights line should help with that . Five new creative flavors – dark chocolate , cold press coffee chocolate , cherry chocolate , vanilla mint chocolate , and root beer float – hit shelves this March . As with the fruit-based line , the new pops are made from real cream and natural ingredients , and are gluten-free and under 200 calories each .
The Delights were inspired by flavors JonnyPops customers have requested for a long time . While attempting to translate the requests into appealing pops , Brust and Wray tested hundreds of flavors . Some will require further tinkering ; others will be released in the future .
And JonnyPops do n't just taste good ; they do good . The company has a social mission called Better Pop for a Better World . Day-brightening ideas are printed on every pop 's stick , from “ listen to a friend in need ” to “ cook someone a homemade meal. ” Brust and Connor used to write the messages for the sticks themselves , but now they crowdsource them , be it through contests on social media or in school classrooms where they mentor . The company also partners with different retailers all over the country to raise money for addiction treatment organizations like Hazelden and Betty Ford .
As Brust says : “ It 's all about paying it forward and giving back . ”
WASHINGTON , Oct 7 ( APP ) : Foreign Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif met with the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs Lt. General McMaster at the White House and discussed bilateral relations and regional situation in the South Asian region .
The two leaders discuss ways in which the two countries could promote mutually beneficial cooperation . They also discussed regional situation particularly Afghanistan .
The Foreign Minister briefed Gen. McMaster about Pakistan 's perspective on the US strategy and stressed the importance that Pakistan attaches to peace in Afghanistan . They also emphasized the need to working together for regional peace and stability .
Advertisement
Indigenous People of Biafra ( IPOB ) , yesterday said there was no going back on the May 30 , sit-at-home order for the 50th anniversary of the declaration of the Independent State of Biafra .
IPOB stated that all Biafrans , no matter the states they were located must honour and remember the heroes and heros of the 1967 to 1970 Nigeria-Biafra war .
In a statement by the Media and Publicity Secretary of IPOB , Emma Powerful , the group said while there would be no human and vehicular movement in Biafra land , Biafrans in Diaspora would take to the streets of their respective countries of residents around in peaceful procession .
“ We , members of IPOB and our leadership worldwide would like to restate once again to the people of Biafra that all the states in Biafran land , must shut down on May 30 , 2017 in honour and remembrance of heroes and heros who laid down their lives during the genocidal war against the people of Biafra between 1967 and 1970 .
“ The people of Otukpo , Idoma and Igede in Benue State , Igala in Kogi State , Igbanke in Edo State , Calaber , Yanegua , Warri , Uyo , Lagos , Kano , Kaduna , Abuja etc , will shut down on that day for the 50th anniversary of the declaration by Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu and their second in command , late Major General Philip Effiong of the Independent State of Biafra on May 30 , 1967 .
Advertisement
“ Also , those who paid ultimate sacrifice in the battle field and protests in our land that this present generation might live will be honoured and remembered , including those massacred in Asaba in 1968 .
“ They will be honoured with a two-minute silence at 12 noon .
“ We expect every man , woman , child and businesses to observe this great annual event by staying at home and never involve in any business activity on that day .
“ There will be no movement in Biafra land both human and vehicular while Biafrans in diaspora will take to the streets of their respective countries of residents around the globe .
“ That will be the least we can do to show them and God Almighty ‘ Chukwu Okike Abiama ' that this generation of IPOB and those to come will remain indebted to them that gave their lives to stop the elimination of Biafrans from the face of the earth . ”
The statement further said special prayers would be offered in Okikirka Grammar School in Ijawland , the home town of late Chief Frank Opigo “ who , by the divine inspiration advised the supreme leader and Commander in Chief of the Biafran Armed Forces , Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu and members of Eastern Consultative Assembly that our God given name is Biafra .
“ Holy men and women will pray at the ancient and spiritual sites of Arochukwu and Enugu on that day , ” they revealed .
Twenty high school students protested in front of the Israeli embassy on Jan. 31 , demanding the release of a teenage Palestinian in an Israeli prison .
Ahed Tamimi was arrested in December by the Israel Defense Forces and charged with assault after they slapped two Israeli officers on their family 's property in the West Bank village of Nabi Saleh . They turned 17 on Jan. 31 .
“ What we are doing here is sending a message that we are here to support Ahed , we are here to demand their freedom , we are here to celebrate their birthday and we are here to show that young American Jews especially are opposed to what is happening , ” said Ilan Cohen , a student at Charles E. Smith Jewish Day School in Rockville .
The protest was organized by the anti-occupation group IfNotNow . The high school student protesting in Washington , and at similar events in New York City and Boston , were the group 's youngest demonstrators , said spokesperson Ethan Miller .
At the gates of the embassy , participants left birthday cards and balloons with messages such as “ we are standing with you in solidarity . ”
Ahed has confronted IDF soldiers . In 2012 , as a 12-year-old , they were photographed raising a clenched fist and staring down an Israeli soldier . In 2015 , a video showed them biting and hitting a soldier who had grabbed their brother .
The video of their December confrontation went viral . Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Ahed , their mother and their cousin , who were also arrested , “ will not escape from what they deserve , ” and that “ whoever goes wild during the day , will be arrested at night. ” Education Minister Naftali Bennett said Ahed deserves a life sentence .
Supporters see them as a symbol of resistance to the Israeli occupation .
Ilan said they have grown up celebrating Israel and its culture , but has become more sensitive to the lack of privileges Palestinians live with compared to Israelis and Americans .
“ When I think about the life that I live compared to the life that [ Ahed ] lives , that really affects me , ” said Ilan , an officer of the USY Conservative youth movement . “ I go to a private Jewish day school . We are encouraged to pursue our beliefs and fight for justice , go to college , get a good education , support Israel . People in the Palestinian territories do not have those same freedoms that I have . ”
Ilan was joined at the protest by several high school juniors from outside the Washington area who are spending a semester at the School for Ethics and Global Leadership , a program for students who are interested in foreign affairs and leadership development .
Ariela Rosenzweig , a 16-year-old from Boston , said the program includes a unit on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and they sympathize with Ahed 's case .
“ I am [ Ahed 's ] age , I 've never had to face anything like that , ” they said , adding they wish more American Jewish organizations would speak out on the Palestinian 's behalf .
“ I 'd like to send a message that young Jewish people are the moral voice of our community , ” they said . “ We are standing up against the occupation and we hope our community will stand with us . ”
Haaretz reported that 438 Palestinians under 18 were in Israeli prisons for security-related offenses as of February 2016 . Human rights groups accuse Israeli authorities of torture as well as denying the minors due process by not allowing them to be with a parent or attorney .
In an email , embassy spokesperson Itai Bardov criticized the demonstrators for being one-sided .
“ This so-called demonstration was a small group of no more than 15 people who gathered for about 40 minutes and left . Hopefully , they will also find the time to express their discontent with the incitement within the Palestinian Authority that encourages violence against Israelis . This incitement is what led Tamimi to physically attack two Israeli officers , who exercised restraint and did not respond to the assault , ” Bardov wrote .
Laurie Kamens , marketing communications manager for United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism , wrote in an email , “ USY does not have any policies on which groups USYers can participate in . Ilan Cohen did not attend this demonstration as a USYer or on behalf of USY . ”
Some of the students said they saw Ahed 's case as a human struggle as opposed to a political one , including 17-year-old Olivia Marwell of San Francisco .
It 's really about standing in solidarity with other women who are willing to stand up for their rights and other people 's rights , ” they said . “ There 's a lot of work to be done . ”
dschere @ midatlanticmedia.com
Volkswagen will offer an extra two-year guarantee but no compensation to European owners of vehicles affected by the German carmaker 's alleged cheating on emissions tests , a spokesperson for the European Commission said on Wednesday .
BRUSSELS : Volkswagen has agreed to offer an extra two-year guarantee to European owners of its diesel cars but no compensation in talks with Europe 's consumer affairs chief over its cheating on emissions tests , a European Commission spokesperson said on Wednesday .
EU officials have piled pressure on VW to compensate European customers after it admitted to U.S. regulators in September 2015 that it had cheated on emissions tests there using software installed in as many as 11 million diesel vehicles sold worldwide - the majority of them in Europe .
Despite VW 's admission of wrongdoing in the United States , it says it has not broken the law in Europe and sees no need to compensate consumers there .
VW 's chief executive Matthias Mueller told the EU 's commissioner for consumer affairs earlier this week that the company would now offer European customers a two-year extended warranty , the Commission spokesperson said .
However , commenting on the talks with the commissioner , Vera Jourova , Volkswagen did not confirm that it had agreed to extend its guarantee . The company instead referred back to earlier `` confidence-building measures '' including a commitment to fix all vehicles affected by this autumn , saying that updating the software would not detract from the car 's performance .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` Volkswagen has said all along that it cares for every customer , '' it said in an email on Wednesday .
An extended warranty offer would be the first concession made by the company in response to mounting pressure from Brussels to do more for its diesel customers following months of talks with EU officials and more than a year after the Dieselgate scandal broke .
Jourova and other EU regulators have repeatedly expressed frustration over VW 's attitude to European customers in not offering the cash payouts granted to U.S. owners of its cars .
But the European Union is limited in what it can do to pressure the company since the power to police the car industry currently lies with member states , which approve new car models that are then sold throughout the bloc .
Unlike the United States , a patchwork of different legal rules across the Europe Union also weakens the chances of car owners successfully suing carmakers .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
( Additional reporting by Andreas Cremer in Berlin )
Freda Whitlam passed away on Wednesday 30 May , at the age of 97 .
Freda was the ninth Moderator of NSW/ACT Synod and an influential member of Penrith Uniting Church .
Freda was also a passionate advocate for education . They sat on the board that founded Western Sydney University , and helped bring to Australia the University of the Third Age ( U3A ) , a movement that provides education to seniors , to Penrith and the Blue Mountains . Freda remained active in this space , teaching Latin at A3A well into their 90s .
Much like their brother , former prime minister Eugene ‘ Gough ' Whitlam , Freda was a witty , intimidating presence .
Uniting Church NSW/ACT Moderator Rev . Simon Hansford told Insights that Freda would be missed .
“ Freda was truly a servant of God their entire life , ” Rev . Hansford said .
“ The Uniting Church has always been proud of the leadership we have received from our leaders , women and men , lay and ordained . ”
“ We give thanks to God for their leadership and their ministry in all elements of their life . ”
In 2009 , Freda was the subject of a biography written by Noelene Martin . Freda : A Biography of Freda Whitlam was launched by Dr Barry Jones on 16 March at the University of Western Sydney .
Ms Martin said that they chose to write the book because Freda 's story deserved to be told .
“ I found out that Freda in their own way had been influential— in education and in connection with the church — but she 'd been overshadowed by Gough , ” Ms Martin said .
“ She made a contribution I thought was of equal importance but the way people saw Gough often influenced the way they saw and reacted to Freda . ”
Freda was a passionate advocate for women 's ministry , which they referred to as , “ One of the glories of the Uniting Church . ”
Insight sends our condolences to Freda Whitlam 's friends and family .
Image : Freda with Aunty Mae Robinson and Pearl Wymarra at the 2012 Yarramundi Lecture ( Source : Western Sydney University News Centre ) .
Jonathan Foye is Insights ' Editor
ITV racing made its debut at a soggy Cheltenham on New Year 's Day PICTURE : Edward Whitaker ( racingpost.com/photos ) ITV racing made its debut at a soggy Cheltenham on New Year 's Day
ITV Racing attracts audience of 676,000
THE much-anticipated debut of ITV 's new live racing show on New Year 's Day attracted an average audience of 676,000 viewers , an increase on Channel 4 's audience for the same fixture in recent years .
Figures obtained from ITV show viewing figures peaked at 831,000 as racing returned to Britain 's leading commercial channel on Sunday following a 32-year absence .
The viewing figures compare favourably with the final two years of Channel 4 's New Year 's Day coverage , when an average audience of 558,000 tuned in 12 months ago and 601,000 in 2015 .
ITV 's first broadcast , which introduced members of a new team that on day one included new frontman Ed Chamberlin , Sir Anthony McCoy and Luke Harvey , along with betting ring reporter Matt Chapman , was met with mixed reaction from the public .
Chapman , whose forays into the betting ring proved particularly divisive , said : `` This wo n't be everyone 's cup of tea but it 's a brilliant sport and we 'll do our best to show that . ''
From now until the Cheltenham Festival the channel 's coverage will be shown on ITV4 , starting from Saturday , when the new morning programme will launch at 10am .
The first annual Fairfield County Walks for Mental Health will be held on Saturday , May 6 , from 10-11:30 a.m. , on the Norwalk Green ( parking available on Park Street ) .
Senator Bob Duff opens Mental Health Awareness Month with an official proclamation from Governor Malloy . State and local officials including Senator Toni Boucher and Representatives Cristin McCarthy-Vahey , Chris Perone , Jonathan Steinberg , Fred Wilms , and Terrie Wood will be in attendance .
The walk is a one-mile round trip down East Avenue . Participants may check out the Labyrinth , Healing Garden and Hope-Pray-Dream Board at St. Paul 's Church . Free admission and complimentary purple bandannas for all .
RSVP ( preferred ) to [ email protected ] or 203-840-1187 .
The Walk kicks off a calendar of more than 50 events across the region in honor of Mental Health Awareness Month including movies , presentations , art shows , craft activities , Mental Health First Aid trainings , wellness fairs , and music performances . For a full calendar of regional events visit HealthyMindsCT.org .
According to Margaret Watt , executive director of the Southwest Regional Mental Health Board ( SWRMHB ) , research on mental health providers in southwest Connecticut conducted by the agency in 2015 and 2016 showed significantly increased caseloads , longer patient wait times to get an appointment with a clinician , the turning away of clients and elimination of programs that serve our region 's most needy . “ The mental health system is bare bones and can not withstand further budget cuts . Your participation in Fairfield County Walks for Mental Health on May 6 is really needed to show our legislators you care , ” Watt said .
SWRMHB extends a special thanks to the Walk 's planning committee : Advocacy Unlimited , Mid-Fairfield Child Guidance Center , Communities 4 Action , Keystone House , Mid-Fairfield Substance Abuse Coalition , Mid-Fairfield Substance Abuse Coalition , NAMI Southwest , NAMI Fairfield , Positive Directions , Recovery Network of Programs , RIPPLE , and Silver Hill Hospital . The Walk is funded by SWRMHB and NAMI Southwest .
The Southwest Regional Mental Health Board ( SWRMHB ) works to ensure a high-quality behavioral health system by engaging community members , identifying needs , stimulating new initiatives , and advocating for improvements . Their Catchment Area Councils ( CACs ) provide a venue for all stakeholders — consumers , family members , providers , and town representatives — to work together to improve mental health services to the residents of Bridgeport , Darien , Easton , Fairfield , Greenwich , Monroe , New Canaan , Norwalk , Stamford , Stratford , Trumbull , Weston , Westport , and Wilton .
NARITA : You ca n't choose your neighbours , as Japanese organic farmer Takao Shito knows all too well after a decades-long battle against Narita - the country 's second busiest airport .
Their farm is virtually surrounded by Narita airport , and jets from around the world roar down right next door to their rows of peas and radishes , whose green leaves wave in the spring breeze .
Advertisement
`` You get used to the noise , '' the soft-spoken 68-year-old told AFP on their farm , most of which is only accessible via tunnels underneath the airport .
`` These are pieces of land farmed by three generations for nearly a century , by my grandfather , my father and myself . I want to continue living here and farm , '' they said .
Their fight , along with a handful of other families , has proved a major headache for Narita , which marks its 40th anniversary this year .
The airport is Tokyo 's main international gateway and handles 40 million passengers and 250,000 flights a year .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Narita has been controversial in the region since it was first proposed by the government in 1966 as a three-runway facility , sparking protests by activists and farmers including Shito 's father .
The demonstrations turned violent , ending with the deaths of several police officers and protesters .
The airport opened in 1978 , with authorities only apologising years later for their heavy-handed response to protests .
But continued local opposition meant it operated with just a single runway until 2002 , when a second opened .
The airport purchased farm lots adjacent to the planned second runway 's route from the legal landowners , including some who had rented to Shito 's family for decades .
But Shito refused to move , arguing their livelihood depended on the land and pointing to Japan 's Agricultural Land Act , which gives farmers broad legal protection .
So the airport altered the route leading to the runway , which now curves around Shito 's farm , encircling one of theirs lots .
This picture taken on Apr 12 , 2018 shows Japanese farmer Takao Shito ( L ) and a colleague working on a vegetable field encircled by Narita airport . ( Photo : AFP/Kazuhiro Nogi )
`` NOT ABOUT MONEY ''
With increasing tourist numbers and Tokyo hosting next year 's Rugby World Cup and then the Summer Olympics in 2020 , the airport now wants to build a third runway .
It wo n't run near Shito 's farm , but the airport faces negotiations with other nearby farmers .
Seen from above , the plots that Shito and their neighbours farm are fenced-in brown soil islands , trapped inside a web of taxiways used by planes .
With planes thundering in and out of the airport throughout the day and into the night , it is hardly an idyllic farming existence .
But Shito is undeterred . They are currently involved in five separate lawsuits with the airport and has steadfastly refused compensation in return for relocating .
`` This is not at all about money , '' they told AFP , in a blue , buttoned shirt and cargo trousers , their hair well groomed .
`` I do organic farming with no pesticides . You can not just move the top soil and hope it will be the same in different lots . ''
While the area around the airport may not seem the ideal location for organic farming , air and water quality monitors in and around Narita show no sustained and elevated levels of contaminants .
The airport has already won a major case against Shito and convinced some other farmers to take compensation to move .
But they are tight-lipped about whether they might evict him .
`` We will determine our future actions by consulting with attorneys and others concerned while also reviewing the situation , '' the airport said in a response to written questions from AFP .
Shito 's tense relations with the airport lead to occasional run-ins with security .
On a recent morning , a black SUV cruised by and followed a group of visitors to one of their lots outside the airport , monitoring from afar .
`` Police or airport security , '' Shito said . `` There are times I get stopped . They ask for my ID , even though they know who I am . ''
This picture taken on Apr 12 , 2018 shows Japanese farmer Takao Shito working on a vegetable field encircled by Narita airport . ( Photo : AFP/Kazuhiro Nogi )
`` THIS IS MY LIFE ''
But they say they are happy on the land , and has some 400 clients in and around Tokyo who buy their organic produce .
`` I have fun growing vegetables here . This is my life : growing vegetables on this soil . They taste different , '' they said .
And they have plenty of supporters .
At a recent hearing at Chiba District Court , roughly 60 activists filled a courtroom and loudly heckled the judge in a noisy show of solidarity .
Some even want the entire airport to be dismantled and the region returned to its pastoral past .
Nobuharu Ito , 71 , who began protesting more than four decades ago as a university student , said they were moved by Shito 's commitment to their land .
`` Mr Shito 's way of living , how it 's not about money , I think it resonates with people now more than ever , '' they said .
Despite their decades-long feud with the airport , Shito said they would happily continue coexisting with Narita given the opportunity .
`` When the government does and says something , I think most people accept it or give up without questioning , '' they said .
`` I feel the government should also be considerate of individuals who live here . ''
And for now they have no plans to stop fighting .
`` I want the people of the world to know there is a farmer here in this place . I want people to know . ''
PARIS – Angel di Maria scored a brilliant brace on their birthday as Paris Saint-Germain sensationally destroyed Barcelona 4-0 at the Parc des Princes in their Champions League last-16 first leg on Tuesday .
Di Maria , the former Real Madrid star , opened the scoring in the 18th minute and curled in another 10 minutes into the second half to celebrate their 29th birthday in style .
January signing Julian Draxler also netted in between , while Edinson Cavani marked their 30th birthday by adding their name to the score-sheet in the 71st minute in the French capital .
Barcelona were completely stunned , the defeat their biggest European humiliation since losing 7-0 on aggregate to Bayern Munich in the semi-finals in 2013 .
They are now staring at a first exit from the competition before the quarter-finals in a decade , unless they can pull off a miraculous escape in the second leg at the CampNou next month .
This was PSG 's night , though , and Unai Emery 's side will surely go on to secure a fifth successive appearance in the quarter-finals .
“ To win 4-0 against Barcelona on my birthday is incredible , we are so happy . It was the perfect match , and we are delighted with the result , ” Di Maria told beIN Sports .
“ To go through , we will need to produce another performance like this . We scored four goals , but they are capable of doing the same thing . ”
PSG had twice been eliminated from the Champions League at the hands of Barcelona in the previous four seasons , and the Catalans also had a fearsome record in games against sides coached by Emery , losing just one of 23 before this .
But Luis Enrique 's team , for all the brilliance of Lionel Messi , have recently looked more fragile than in a long time and the French champions showed no fear .
They were without injured captain Thiago Silva and the suspended Thiago Motta , meaning a start for Adrien Rabiot in midfield and a Champions League debut in defence for 21-year-old Presnel Kimpembe .
Draxler also made their European debut for the club and the German was superb as PSG pressed Barcelona high right from the off – the home side had already worked Marc-Andre ter Stegen in the Barça goal before they got the opener .
Julian Draxler fires in PSG 's second goal against Barcelona . Photo : Christian Hartmann , Reuters
The menacing Draxler was fouled just outside the area and Di Maria bent the resulting free kick over the wall and in for their third goal in the Champions League this season .
Crocked following an early foul by Rabiot , Neymar was off the field receiving treatment as the Parc des Princes crowd erupted .
They were able to continue , but the visitors were lacklustre , Luis Suarez starved of service , Messi quiet and skipper Andres Iniesta struggling to cope .
One Neymar acceleration did lead to an Andre Gomes shot that was turned behind by Kevin Trapp , yet otherwise the chances were at the other end .
Ter Stegen saved from Draxler after a counter-attack , but there was nothing they could do as the German made it 2-0 five minutes from halftime , exchanging passes with Marco Verratti and rifling a shot past the goalkeeper from the right side of the area .
The expectation was that Barcelona would come out fighting after the restart , but instead they fell further behind in the 55th minute to a piece of brilliance from Di Maria .
The move started with Trapp rolling a goal-kick out to Rabiot on the edge of their own box , and the midfielder turning away under pressure from Messi .
It ended with Di Maria curling a left-foot shot high into the top-left corner of the net from the edge of the other area .
Di Maria then came off to a standing ovation , but Paris were not finished . Thomas Meunier surged forward from right-back and set up Cavani , who thumped home their 34th goal of the season in all competitions .
A miserable night for Barcelona was compounded when Samuel Umtiti hit the post late on
- Advertisement -
The fight against corruption is a “ do-or-die affair ” which Nigerians must win or die trying , the acting chairperson of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , EFCC , Ibrahim Magu , has said .
Mr. Magu , who spoke at the headquarters of the commission in Abuja after leading a rally to commemorate the International Anti-corruption Day , said corruption is Nigeria 's number one enemy .
“ For us as a country , the fight against corruption is a do-or-die affair ; we have to win the battle or die trying . Corruption , as agreed by every consensus , is our number one enemy and as President Muhammadu Buhari correctly prescribed , if we do not kill corruption , corruption will kill Nigeria , ” they said .
The EFCC boss said Nigerians can not afford to be on the fence on the corruption issue , as they called for a consensus against the malady .
“ The fight against corruption is now a war in which there is clear line between forces of evil and those of good ; between agents of progress and reactionary elements who mean no good .
“ For those of us on this side ; in the anticorruption agencies of government , in the media , and civil society , the dagger is drawn and I believe I am speaking the mind of everyone on this side that we intend neither retreat nor surrender in our noble intention to cure our country of the evils of corruption , ” they said .
- Advertisement -
Mr. Magu said the Commission was “ relentless ” in its duties but added EFCC alone could not win the fight .
“ As I often say , our bit is not enough . Winning the war against corruption is the aggregate of our collective bits and pieces . No Nigerian can afford to be on the fence in this effort to rid our country of its Enemy Number One . It is time for all hands to be on deck to march on corruption and the corrupt ” .
They said the EFCC “ has broken new grounds in investigating and prosecuting important cases , and recovery of stolen money . Our asset recovery derive has raked in billions of naira to the federal government in form of forfeitures . We have also secured 171 convictions within the last one year ” .
In their remarks , the accountant general of the federation , Anthony Mkpe , who took part in the walk , said their presence was to show solidarity to the work of the EFCC and underscore the importance of the fight against corruption .
They commended the effort of the EFCC as they urged all Nigerians to lend their support to the federal government 's anti-corruption drive and initiatives .
Hollywood talent firm Creative Artists Agency is expanding its presence in China through a deal with CMC Capital Partners , a Beijing-based investment fund .
The two companies will launch a joint venture called CAA China to capitalize on the growing Chinese entertainment market and increasing clout of homegrown talent in that country , the companies said Monday .
The move is the latest bridge between Hollywood and the world 's most populous nation , which remains a highly attractive market for American movies despite a sharp slowdown in that country 's box office revenue .
CMC , which invests in media , entertainment and Internet businesses , will take an undisclosed minority stake in CAA . CMC 's Chairman Li Ruigang , who founded the company in 2010 , will join CAA 's board . Financial details were not disclosed .
For CAA , the deal marks an expansion of its business in China . The agency already has a significant presence in the country , where it first opened an office in 2005 and has been heavily involved in Chinese-American co-productions . CAA employs more than two dozen people in its China office , and has packaged , sold or raised financing for about 75 Chinese-language movies . It also represents local heavyweights including “ The Great Wall ” director Zhang Yimou and “ Rogue One ” star Donnie Yen .
Details about the companies ' plans for CAA China were sparse , but CAA President Richard Lovett said in a statement that the venture would “ supercharge ” efforts to do business in the region , including in digital media and live events .
Chinese companies have been eager to put money into Hollywood businesses as China builds its own entertainment and cultural industries . But deal making has been less frothy lately due to the Chinese government 's crackdown on overpriced acquisitions and the flow of capital out of the country . China also suffered a striking slowdown in box office growth last year .
CMC has a wide-ranging portfolio in film , television , sports and other industries , with investments including joint venture Imax China , production company Star China and Flagship , a joint venture studio with Warner Bros .
Caption 'The Fate of the Furious ' movie review by Justin Chang reviews `` The Fate of the Furious , '' directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel , Charlize Theron , Dwayne Johnson , Michelle Rodriguez , Ludacris , Tyrese Gibson , Jason Statham , Kurt Russell , Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel . Video by Jason H. Neubert Justin Chang reviews `` The Fate of the Furious , '' directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel , Charlize Theron , Dwayne Johnson , Michelle Rodriguez , Ludacris , Tyrese Gibson , Jason Statham , Kurt Russell , Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel . Video by Jason H. Neubert Caption 'The Fate of the Furious ' movie review by Justin Chang reviews `` The Fate of the Furious , '' directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel , Charlize Theron , Dwayne Johnson , Michelle Rodriguez , Ludacris , Tyrese Gibson , Jason Statham , Kurt Russell , Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel . Video by Jason H. Neubert Justin Chang reviews `` The Fate of the Furious , '' directed by F. Gary Gray and starring Vin Diesel , Charlize Theron , Dwayne Johnson , Michelle Rodriguez , Ludacris , Tyrese Gibson , Jason Statham , Kurt Russell , Scott Eastwood and Nathalie Emmanuel . Video by Jason H. Neubert Caption Emmy Chat : Why Minnie Driver 's so committed to their 'Speechless ' family Minnie Driver talks about their role as fearless mom Maya , showing disability on-screen and the irreverent comedy on `` Speechless . '' Minnie Driver talks about their role as fearless mom Maya , showing disability on-screen and the irreverent comedy on `` Speechless . '' Caption 'Ghost In The Shell ' movie review by Justin Chang reviews `` Ghost In The Shell , '' directed by Rupert Sanders , starring Scarlett Johansson , Juliette Binoche , Takeshi Kitano , Michael Pitt , Pilou Asbaek and Chin Han . Video by Jason H. Neubert . Justin Chang reviews `` Ghost In The Shell , '' directed by Rupert Sanders , starring Scarlett Johansson , Juliette Binoche , Takeshi Kitano , Michael Pitt , Pilou Asbaek and Chin Han . Video by Jason H. Neubert . Caption PaleyFest 2017 : Evan Rachel Wood of ‘ Westworld ' Evan Rachel Wood , who plays Dolores Abernathy on HBO 's “ Westworld , ” discusses their character 's direction at the end of Season One . Evan Rachel Wood , who plays Dolores Abernathy on HBO 's “ Westworld , ” discusses their character 's direction at the end of Season One . Caption PaleyFest 2017 : James Marsden of ‘ Westworld ' James Marsden who plays Terry Flood on HBO 's “ Westworld , ” talks about their hopes for what may come next for their character . James Marsden who plays Terry Flood on HBO 's “ Westworld , ” talks about their hopes for what may come next for their character .
ryan.faughnder @ latimes.com
@ rfaughnder
The Senate has begun investigation of the case of sexual harassment at the Obafemi Awolowo University involving a postgraduate student , Miss Monica Osagie ; and a lecturer at the Accounting Department , Prof. Richard Akindele .
The investigation was based on a motion moved at the plenary on Wednesday by Senator Abiodun Olujimi ( PDP , Ekiti-South ) , entitled , ‘ The Growing Trend of Sexual Harassment in the Higher Institutions of Learning : The Case of Monica Osagie . '
The lawmakers resolved to mandate the Committees on Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND ; and Judiciary , Human Rights and Legal Matters “ to carry out a full-scale investigation of the case of Monica Osagie and the OAU lecturer in order to ensure that there is transparency and accountability , and that satisfactory justice is done to the victim involved and our laws are further strengthened for effectiveness . ”
They also asked the joint committee to “ invite the OAU authorities to explain the steps they have taken and the outcome of their internal investigation on the matter as well as institutional reviews they have carried out , together with such further proposals aimed at nipping the problem in the bud . ”
The Senate also urged the House of Representatives to quickly concur with the Senate 's bill , Sexual Harassment in Tertiary Educational Institutions ( Prohibition ) Bill , which had been transmitted to the House “ as this will provide succour and a window of solace for victims of these kinds of atrocities across the country in our higher institutions of learning . ”
President of the Senate , Bukola Saraki , in their ruling , recalled that the Senate passed the anti-sexual harassment bill in 2016 , stating that the leadership of the chamber would ensure that the House concurs with it .
Saraki added , “ More importantly , we must make an example of this to ensure that we do a thorough investigation , and any member of the Obafemi Awolowo University found to be involved must be totally disciplined .
“ We must really show that we do not stand for this ; we are not going to tolerate it pending when the bill will be passed . We also commend the bravery of Monica Osagie for their efforts . ”
Moving the motion , Olujimi said the Senate observed “ the growing menace and culture of sexual harassment in our institutions of higher learning ; and the psychological , physiological and emotional damage that perverts in our places of learning are bringing upon our children in school as a result . ”
They recalled that it was for the reason that the Senate , in October 2016 , passed the Sexual Harassment in Tertiary Educational Institutions ( Prohibition ) Bill , which prescribed “ severe punishment for lecturers and academic staff of universities who either sexually harass or assault their male or female students . ”
Olujimi said , “ The Senate acknowledges that the case of the brave Nigerian and student of the Obafemi Awolowo University , Monica Osagie , who , in an audio recording which went viral , was able to expose their lecturer demanding for sex in order to increase their grades .
“ This has further brought home the point , further justifying the specificity and target of the new bill , and the need to ensure that this perversion is completely kicked out of our places of learning .
“ The Senate understands that the university authorities have since weighed in on the matter to ensure that justice is done . It notes that this is another matter that must not be swept under the carpet of expediency , forgetfulness or deliberate abandonment .
“ The Senate notices further that this particular case deserves greater scrutiny and attention as it signposts how serious we are as a nation to fully and exhaustively eliminate this perversion from our schools . ”
Seconding the motion , Senator Olugbenga Ashafa ( APC , Lagos-East ) , said , “ We can not pretend that sexual harassment do not exist in our higher institutions . This is an age-long behaviour on the part of lecturers particularly . There have been several reported cases of sexual harassment which have been swept under the carpet . ”
New Delhi : Nearly 1 in every 2 elderly people faced abuse in public spaces across India and Delhi was among the least abusive cities , a report by HelpAge India has claimed .
According to the report , 'How India treats its elderly ' , 23 percent of the elderly in the national capital faced abuse as against 70 percent in Bengaluru , which recorded the maximum abuse , followed by 60 percent in Hyderabad , 59 percent in Guwahati , 52 percent in Kolkata , 49 percent in Chennai and 33 percent in Mumbai .
The national average was 44 percent .
`` We had conversations with more than 4,000 people in different cities across the country . They have shared their stories of discrimination in society . From pushing and ignoring to misbehaving with them , there have been horrific incidents which elderly people have gone through , '' says Manjira Khurana , the Country Head-Communication and Advocacy of HelpAge India .
Noting that mistreatment of the elderly in public spaces was `` inexcusable '' , the report that was released on Wednesday also features first-hand accounts of the rampant abuse faced by senior citizens in public transport , hospitals and malls .
Sixteen percent of those who travel by public bus mention incidents of misbehaviour by bus conductor , while 17 percent of mall staff is reported to have behaved badly with the elderly .
Columnist and author Santosh Desai termed the findings of the data `` alarming '' and said that improving the behaviour of people toward the elderly was one of the primary steps towards achieving a progressive society .
`` The most disturbing thing is that we have made an image of ourselves that we respect elders . Whereas the reality on the ground is somewhat different . You ca n't quote the growth of GDP as the only contributing factor to make a progressive society . Improvement of people plays an important role and unfortunately , this is not happening , '' said Desai .
Quoting several people who feel threatened to even move out of their homes due to experiences of abuse , the report notes how many feel stepping out as a `` necessary evil '' .
An awareness drive among the youth was also conducted .
`` During our campaigns , we talked to youth about this problem . They agree that they are aware of such incidents but most of them refrain from intervening when they come across such situations , '' Khurana said .
Talking about the importance of the research report , Mathew Cherian , CEO of HelpAge India , says , `` Elderly abuse is a sensitive topic . Over the past few years , we have been studying and researching elderly abuse within closed doors of one 's home .
`` We have surveyed the elders as well as the youth perspective . This year we have moved out of the home into the broader area of public space . ''
Origami 's many marvels : Artist Himanshu Agarwal demonstrates the paper folding art
Have you ever made a paper boat , fan or plane ? A tipi-tipi tap ? Knowingly or unknowingly , we 've all done origami sometime in our lives . Derived from the Japanese words , Oru and Kami , which literally mean paper folding , origami 's premise is pretty simple : you start with a square or rectangular sheet of paper and transform it , through folding techniques , into a sculpture . It could be a swan , crane , violin , headphones , a fictional character… anything ! It is , essentially , a craft that has been developed into an art , says Himanshu Agarwal , a Mumbai-based origami artist . The idea of origami is not restricted to a certain kind of paper , size or technique . Though the use of glue and cuts is often used to make larger and more intricate designs , it is discouraged in modern origami . Agarwal feels that it is more of a test than discouragement . They say , “ It 's like a challenge , can you make it ( origami ) from a single sheet of paper . ”
NBC Connecticut coverage of homicides throughout the state in 2017 . Click the dots on the map above for basic incident information and a link to each story .
Chairman , Northern Christian Association of Nigeria ( CAN ) , Rev . Yakubu Pam , has said that urgent steps should be taken by the Federal Government to curtail killings of people by suspected herdsmen before villages are wiped out in the North .
Rev . Pam , in a press statement issued , in Jos , condemned the re-emergence of insecurity in Plateau state after two and half years labour of Governor Simon Lalong in restoring peace in trouble spots .
They commended the proactive measures taken by Governor Lalong in imposing curfew on the trouble areas to avert destruction of lives and properties in the entire state .
“ I condemn the wanton destruction of lives and properties of the rural people of Plateau state in Irigwe chiefdom of Bassa and Daffo district of Bokkos local government councils of Plateau state where a dozen of persons were killed by the enemies of the state .
“ The ugly development in Plateau in the last one week is unacceptable and should be condemned by all those who love and cherish peace on the Plateau . We have had a similar episode in Benue , Taraba , Zamfara an other communities in the north , something urged should be done before they people are wipe out . ”
They said government and security agencies should ensure that all those who are behind the current attacks and killings of innocent people in rural communities of Plateau state should be arrested and prosecuted .
Similarly , Chairperson of the Women Wing of the Christian Association of Nigeria ( WOWICAN ) Northern sates Hon . Leah O. Solomon , has called on Muslim mothers across the country to come together in unity and cooperate with the wing in order to launch an expanded campaign against the abduction of school girls by insurgents .
They spoke during a protest march at the 2nd 19 Northern States and FCT annual conference of WOWICAN , in ECWA , Jos DCC women fellowship conference camp , Jos East of Plateau State .
The Chairperson said they would no longer fold their hands or keep mute over the uncanny action of insurgents going to female secondary schools in order to abduct hundreds of girls ( whether Christians or Muslims ) and convert them to sex slaves or use them for any kind of gain .
“ These abductions are gradually becoming a trend in this country and it needs to stop . First it was hundreds of Chibok school girls in Borno State in 2014 , and now it is over a hundred Dapchi school girls in Yobe State .
” It does n't matter if the girls are either Christians or Muslims , what is paramount is that the action of these insurgents going to schools to abduct girls in order to spite the government or advance their course , or for whatever reason , must be halted forthwith . And we demand the unconditional release of all the girls already abducted .
“ As mothers , it is agonising to know that your daughter which you sent to school is abducted by one terrorist and taking to an unknown destination , and then forcefully used as sex slave or for any other purpose .
“ This is what no mother would want to imagine , talk more of experience . That is why WOWICAN in the19 Northern States and FCT has decided to launch a robust campaign against such action , beginning from this conference . And we call on all mothers in the country to join hands with us on this . We equally call on Muslim mothers to collaborate with us in order to give our campain a boost because this is beyond religion . Besides , no religion condones the action of these terrorists and no religion is also speared of their attacks/actions , ” they said .
They also called on the federal government to do all it can to halt the killings in the country in the name of farmers-herdsmen clash , saying that no amount of achievement by the Buhari administration can be meaningful amid killings of innocent people daily , especially in the Northern part of the country .
Mrs. Solomon said some criminal elements have taken the advantage of the farmers-herdsmen clash to perpetuate an evil agenda on many communities in the Northern part of the country , while the government and security agents appeared helpless on how to tackle the ugly situation and properly nip it in the bud .
Signs are posted around the building saying : `` sale pending , '' and `` Looney 's Super Skate is now closed . New ownership pending . '' ( Source : WSFA 12 News )
Looney 's Super Skate is located on McGehee Road near the old Montgomery Mall . ( Source : WSFA 12 News )
The sale of Looney 's Super Skate in Montgomery is pending .
Looney 's Super Skate has been in Montgomery for more than 70 years . It 's located on McGehee Road near the old Montgomery Mall .
On Monday morning , signs were posted around the building saying : `` sale pending , '' and `` Looney 's Super Skate is now closed . New ownership pending . ''
WSFA 12 News reached out to numerous sources about the sale , but none wanted to comment .
Looney 's is the only skating rink in Montgomery ; however , there is an ice skating rink at East Dale Mall . Learn more about the sale here .
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News . All rights reserved .
The right decision was taken to postpone Newtown 's clash with Cardiff Met University on Saturday , according to Robins boss Chris Hughes .
Heavy snow across the region on Friday night meant a virtual whiteout of all other football in Powys , but early indications were that the tie at Latham Park would beat the weather after the club 's artificial pitch passed an early morning check from Welsh Premier League officials .
But during a later inspection the match referee decided that the presence of lying snow on the pitch endangered player safety , and called the game off shortly after the arrival of the Cardiff Met team bus at Latham Park , at around 1pm .
It was the first game the club had lost to the weather since the installation of the club 's plastic ‘ 3g ' playing surface in 2014 , but Newtown manager Hughes believes the right decision was taken .
“ We would have liked the game on but it was difficult for the referee and in the end it was probably the right call , ” they said .
“ Player safety has to be the first consideration for the referee .
“ It would have been good to get out there today , and get back to winning ways in the league but it was n't to be .
“ Thanks goes to all the volunteers at the club who worked very hard to get the game on , every one of the staff and players appreciate their efforts . ”
A statement from the club released shortly after the postponement read : “ Despite extensive efforts to clear the pitch and satisfy referee requirements , today 's 2pm KO against WPL opponents , Cardiff Met Uni was postponed after a 1pm inspection . It was deemed unsafe for players as snow would collect on players ' studs and make grip more difficult . ”
The postponement also meant frustration for Montgomeryshire League sides Forden United and Newtown Wanderers , who were due to kick off at Latham Park later that evening , but who saw their game called off on the back of Newtown 's earlier postponement , with no improvement in conditions forecast .
Prior to the postponements , the two Newtown fixtures were the only surviving regional football fixtures of the day after the Montgomeryshire League saw all games cancelled and only one game survived in the Spar Mid Wales leagues , Presteigne St Andrews taking full advantage of their trip to a snow free West coast to record a 3-1 win over Aberystwyth University .
Advertisement
Gov . Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State on Tuesday at the State Executive Council Chambers signed the 2017 budget of N105.72 billion into law ,
Ugwuanyi after the signing said that they were committed to the implementation of the document in order to realise the objectives of the document to the benefit of the people .
They commended members of the state assembly for the speedy passage of the budget and the harmonious relationship between the executive and legislative arms of the state government .
“ I wish to express appreciation to the good people of the state for the opportunity to serve and reassure that our promise to deliver good governance and selfless service remain non-negotiable .
“ I wish to assure you of our commitments to fully implement this budget so that we can realise the objectives we have set out to achieve for the rapid development of the state , ” Ugwuanyi said .
Earlier , the Speaker of the House of Assembly , Chief Edward Ubosi , said that there was no alteration to the budget as it was the size presented by the governor on December 23 .
Advertisement
Ubosi , however , said that the lawmakers juggled some of the entries where they found necessary to make the document more responsive to the yearnings of the state .
They said that some ministries and government had unnecessary allocations to themselves but such were moved to other more pressing areas .
“ In the course of looking at the budget we made some adjustments in areas we deemed necessary , ” they said .
The speaker said in one of those instances the ministry of works was allocated two Hilux Vans , adding that while one of such vans was for five million Naira , the other was for N10 million .
They said that the lawmakers knocked off one of the vans and allocated the funds to the purchase of tow van .
They said that the office of the secretary to the state government had allocated some money to rent a house “ but we found it unnecessary and put the fund to other ministry , Ubochi appealed to the governor to ensure the full implementation of the budget , adding “ the budget is a social contract between you and the people ” .
The budget is termed ‘ Budget of Economic Recovery and Inconclusive Development ' is an improvement to the 2016 budget which stood at N85 billion .
ALTON | Alton Memorial Hospital honored its real “ rock stars ” at the annual Volunteer Luncheon on April 19 at the Best Western Premier in Alton .
Volunteer coordinator Kathleen Turner announced AMH volunteers worked 15,000 hours this past year , saving the hospital $ 362,100 .
“ You are the true rock stars of the hospital , ” they told the volunteers . “ We are very thankful for all of you . ”
AMH President Dave Braasch echoed those sentiments .
“ All of our volunteers are a big part of what we do , ” they said . “ Our excellent care of our patients and families often depends in large part on all of you . We ca n't thank you enough . ”
Cliffa VanDyke was honored with the Yearly Star Trophy , formerly the Quarterly Star award . Turner said the Yearly Star will now be announced each year at the luncheon . Star volunteers receive a star pin that goes on their vests along with a trophy and a $ 50 gift certificate for Miss Eunice 's Hatbox .
“ Cliffa has volunteered at AMH for five years in the gift shop , ” Turner said . “ She is a special volunteer , always willing to work extra shifts and fill in where needed . They are so easy to work with , never complaining and always gives 110 percent . Cliffa is also quite the tap dancer ! ”
Receiving pins for 100 volunteer hours were :
Laura Barber , Kayla Crowder , Meg Dorris , Sue Hand , Denise Heil , Sara Lilley , Glenda Link , Patty Macias , Pearl McLemore , Sharon Morehead , Marion Skundrich , Cheryl Vambaketes and Matthew Wendell .
Receiving pins for 500 hours were :
Jeanne Beck , Donna Richie , Cliffa VanDyke , Donald Wagner and Nancy Wickenhauser .
Receiving pins for 1,000 hours were :
Connie Bond , Jane Cerbie , Dave Plunk and Eileen Aimone .
Receiving a pin for 2,000 hours was Sue Roemer .
Receiving a pin for 5,000 hours was Dick Propes .
Additionally , Carl Draper 's volunteer hours are now up to 39,117 .
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Barcelona coach Ernesto Valverde pinpointed former Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata as one of the main threats Chelsea poses to their side in the Champions League last 16 .
MADRID : Barcelona coach Ernesto Valverde pinpointed former Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata as one of the main threats Chelsea poses to their side in the Champions League last 16 .
The Catalan side have been pitted against the team they lost to in the 2011-2012 semi-finals , with Chelsea going on to win the tournament for the first and only time .
Valverde , whose side have won five European Cups , acknowledged the difficulty of facing the English champions .
`` It 's a tough draw for us because of the magnitude of the opposition , '' they said . `` Chelsea are champions of the Premier League but we 're excited about the tie , even though it will be difficult .
`` Chelsea is a strong and physical team , with a clear tactical system in place . They take advantage of the physical nature of the Premier League well .
`` With the signing of Morata they 've added pace in attack , while ( Eden ) Hazard is very good between the lines . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Reporting by Rik Sharma , editing by Ed Osmond )
0
The Marvel Cinematic Universe is n't just superheroes interacting with other superheroes . The notion of a “ universe ” is that the actions of some characters leave a permanent impression on the surrounding world . The idea is that when these characters do something , it is n't just forgotten or ignored , but rather it must be reckoned with . That 's why some people find Iron Man 3 to be such an infuriating experience . If Tony Stark ( Robert Downey Jr. ) is in trouble and there are exploding people out in the world , then where is SHIELD ? What 's the fallout from the Battle of New York other than Tony Stark being slightly more famous than they already are ? If these are world-changing events , should n't the world change ?
Surprisingly , until Spider-Man : Homecoming Marvel kind of danced around what it meant to exist as an average person in the MCU . Agents of SHIELD never really figured out how to make the world feel more organic despite being closer to the ground , and the Marvel movies largely brushed over what was going on with throwaway lines or the occasional gag . But for Spider-Man : Homecoming , everything is determined by a post-Avengers world . They 're not a secret ; they 're basically on the level of the founding fathers , and while we still recognize the world as similar to our own , the characters are fully aware of what it means to have superheroes out and about .
The way the MCU is so active in Homecoming gives the movie a special feeling like what was being built towards was n't a big bad or a massive conflict , but simply a different world you could walk into and understand that superheroes exist . Yes , this is a bit of a relaunch for Peter Parker ( Tom Holland ) and Spider-Man , but the movie also functions as a way to check in on how the world works when you have superheroes . It raises questions like “ Why do n't the Avengers stop all crimes ? ” and “ Where do the ‘ little people ' fit in to an epic story ? ” By going small ( relative to the size of the average Marvel film ) , Homecoming makes the rest of the MCU feel far bigger and far-reaching than other movies .
It 's also kind of ingenious to have the main viewpoint be teenagers . Yes , there 's Damage Control and there 's Vulture ( Michael Keaton ) and their band of thugs , but the viewpoint on the MCU is primarily Peter and their friends , people who have , in the world of the film , basically grown up with superheroes . They know that superheroes are important , but they 're also just a part of everyday life . Avengers are basically celebrities who save people , but it helps flesh out the world and define why Peter is so desperate to become an Avenger himself .
However , the film also makes its mark by showing Peter not just as conceited or willing to be popular ( it 's why they leave the party to go after bad guys rather than showing up as Spider-Man to boost Peter 's social standing ) . This Spider-Man genuinely wants to help people and do as much as possible . When they tell Tony Stark they wanted to be like him , they mean it . They want to be a hero that helps people , and that 's very different than the Spider-Men we 've seen before . That 's not to diminish Tobey Maguire or Andrew Garfield 's take on the character . But they were in movies where the central theme is about how do you stay Spider-Man and carry the world on your shoulders ? In Spider-Man : Homecoming , Peter still has to juggle their schoolwork and social life with being Spider-Man , but they clearly love being a hero and it makes the film so much more joyous and fun as a result .
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '2466 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` live '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 161 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` live '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 161 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
Mental illness can be a lonely walk as individuals face stigma , discrimination and social isolation . The Entrance Long Jetty Uniting Church is hoping to change this by making mental health a shared community journey rather than the lonely journey often experienced by people living with mental illness .
Many people living in the Northern end of the Central Coast , especially The Entrance and Long Jetty Districts are fraught with constant hardship , family breakdown , and have been greatly disenfranchised within our community . The Entrance Long Jetty Uniting Church Congregation has been working tirelessly in their outreach activities over the past few years to alleviate some of these hardships .
The goal is to restore a sense of family , and support their local community , whilst continuing to take the Christian message to those most in need .
One of our successful outreach projects ' ‘ The Long Jetty Meeting Place ' , is well known and embraced within the community . The Tuesday Drop-in centre and the sausage sizzle in particular , has seen many disadvantaged and vulnerable community members flowing through its doors . Many of these members are not only homeless but have experienced trauma and family violence and/or are living with severe and persistent mental illness . Our congregation and community vegetable garden is a popular spot for these local residents , providing them a place of solace . Some residents have taken a particularly keen interest in the success of the garden , which appears to be having positive mental health outcomes .
Addressing issues such as mental illness within the community can at times be challenging for a small , albeit , enthusiastic and committed congregation . The money necessary to address these issues can also be difficult to come by . Nevertheless , this has not deterred our congregation in their mission nor in endeavouring to ensure that those most disadvantaged and vulnerable have opportunities to engage in our community and to have improved quality of life .
In 2017 , the congregation worked alongside Uniting Burnside , Uniting Disability and Uniting Doorways , as well as a number of other key organisations and groups to offer support , hope , friendship and social engagement to local residents .
For example , we collaborated with the Central Coast Local Health District in holding a six week Better Health Self-Management Workshop for people living with chronic conditions . This workshop provided community members with a range of tools and practical skills to assist them to better manage their health and to have improved health for everyday life .
We teamed up with the local primary school to bring a free Outdoor Movie Night to local families , many of whom would otherwise not be unable to afford such an experience . It was a great way to bring families together and to engage with people who need support , as well as let them know about the church and our outreach activities .
Computers are now a big part of everyday life and it is easy for people to get left behind with the surge of new technology . For this reason we joined forces with NSW TAFE to run an eight week basic computer course that specifically aimed to meet the needs of our local community . This course also ensured that those who would not normally go to TAFE still had an opportunity to learn basic computer skills .
We worked alongside the IRIS foundation with vulnerable community members . This focussed on resilience and helping them to become aware of their own inner strength to survive , adapt , and grow in the face of stress and day to day challenges .
We collaborated with The Wholesome Collective to bring a cooking and nutrition course to the local community , empowering local residents through learning cooking skills and nutrition basics . The course was delivered over four fun weeks , with participants receiving relevant nutrition information and education , as well as hands-on cooking experience . The group enjoyed cooking a range of low-cost meals that were fresh , healthy and colourful , and sitting down to appreciate eating these tasty meals together .
We partnered with GROW ( a Mental Health Support Group ) in holding a free community fun day ‘ Odd Socks ' . This is because anyone can have an odd day and the program aimed to bring people together and address the issues surrounding mental health such as stigma and discrimination . This event was well attended and embraced by local residents , as well as service providers and support groups involved in the area of mental health .
We also worked in collaboration with Mingara Recreation Club to bring one of our exciting mental health projects to the broader community . The ‘ Walk With Me ' project was a photographic exhibition that focused on community capacity building , and improving health and well-being for local residents , particularly those impacted by mental illness . Through this project , we aimed to empower individuals in their lives and in their community to talk about mental health in positive ways to reduce stigma and promote positive mental health for everyday life .
For this project 10 local residents with lived experience of mental illness were taught the art of photography and how to use the camera as a tool to explore their lives and the world around them . The result was an amazing collection of images that the artists hoped would take people on a journey through their eyes , as they experienced the strength , love , laughter , challenges , hopes , and dreams encapsulated in each image .
The exhibition was held at and supported by Mingara Recreation Club for the duration of October , which is Mental Health Month . The exhibition was well attended by community members and dignitaries including the Local Federal Member of Parliament , Emma McBride .
The congregation 's successful outreach work can be attributed to our ability to connect with , and collaborate with , local people , community groups , businesses and organisations , as well as government bodies . We acknowledge that such connections are paramount for ensuring our Christian mission is met even during today 's changing and uncertain times .
Not too long ago our Sunday Congregation numbers were dwindling , but through our involvement in the community and due to our support of local residents , numbers attending the church are steadily on the incline . We also now have more volunteers , as people from the community want to give back to the Church and the outreach activities that have supported them . It is wonderful to see our Christian values in community – we truly are a community at mission .
God has called us to their ministry of service and we look forward to continuing the good work in the community and leading by positive example .
Barry Dowd is Tuggerah Lake South Uniting Church – Church Council Chairperson .
Calgary police are looking for two men in connection with a serious hit and run crash in northwest Calgary on Tuesday night .
Police say that a stolen Ford F-150 was being driven at a high rate of speed in Northmount , hitting a number of vehicles in its path .
The truck eventually slammed into an Associated Cab with a driver and two passengers inside .
The pair of suspects fled the heavily damaged truck .
The cab driver and the passengers were sent to hospital as a precaution .
Anyone with information is asked to contact police .
Asian shares were under pressure on Wednesday , with a rise in U.S. bond yields above the 3 percent threshold and warnings from bellwether U.S. companies of higher costs driving fears that corporate earnings growth may peak soon .
TOKYO : Asian shares were under pressure on Wednesday , with a rise in U.S. bond yields above the 3 percent threshold and warnings from bellwether U.S. companies of higher costs driving fears that corporate earnings growth may peak soon .
MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.1 percent while Japan 's Nikkei dropped 0.6 percent .
Wall Street shares lost steam the previous day , with the S & P 500 falling 1.34 percent , the most in two-and-a-half weeks .
Caterpillar , an industrial heavyweight , beat earnings estimates due to strong global demand but its shares tumbled 6.2 percent after management said first-quarter earnings would be the `` high watermark '' for the year and warned of increasing steel prices .
`` We 've seen quite a lot of companies announcing above-estimate earnings and their shares falling sharply , '' said Norihiro Fujito , senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities .
Fujito noted major financial shares such as Goldman Sachs and Citigroup as well as Google parent Alphabet , the first major tech firm to report earnings , have followed a similar pattern .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` If shares are falling when corporate earnings are rising 20 percent and the economy is growing at 3 percent , the market is in trouble . The market reaction so far feels as if we are starting to see an end of its long rally since 2009 . Investors could be thinking that the best time will be soon behind us , '' they said .
Creeping gains in U.S. Treasury yields are fuelling fears . The 10-year yield , a benchmark for global borrowing costs , has been driven steadily higher by a combination of concerns over inflation , growing debt supply , and rising Federal Reserve borrowing costs .
The 10-year U.S. Treasuries yield rose to as high as 3.003 percent on Tuesday and last stood at 2.992 percent .
A break of its January 2014 high of 3.041 percent could turn investors even more bearish .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Fed Funds rate futures price have been constantly falling this month , pricing in a considerable chance of three more rate hikes by the end of this year .
Rising U.S. rates underpinned the U.S. dollar in the currency market .
The euro stood at US $ 1.2234 , not far from Tuesday 's low of US $ 1.2182 , a low last seen on March 1 .
The dollar traded at 108.83 yen after having jumped to a 2 1/2-month high of 109.20 yen on Tuesday .
Oil prices slipped back from near 3 1/2-year highs as the talks between U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron eased concerns Washington may reinstate sanctions against Iran , although Trump refrained from committing to staying in a 2015 nuclear deal .
Brent fetched US $ 74.02 a barrel , up 0.2 percent on the day . On Tuesday it rose to US $ 75.47 , its highest since November 2014 . West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) crude traded at US $ 67.83 , up 0.2 percent so far in Asia .
WTI 's discount to Brent widened to as much as US $ 6.32 , the most since Jan. 2 , on rising U.S. production .
( Reorting by Hideyuki Sano ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
Man who poured boiling water over co-worker has been deported to Malaysia
Supplied Warning : graphic content . A man was doused with boiling water in the staff cafeteria of the Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu , near Hastings , in July , 2015 .
* The video in this article contains graphic content , which some readers may find distressing .
A man jailed for pouring a bucket of boiling water over a co-worker has been deported and wo n't be allowed back into New Zealand .
Kian-wee Show , 30 , had been on a work visa and was working at Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu , near Hastings .
Supplied The moment Kian-wee Show poured a bucket of boiling water over the head and back of their co-worker Bin Wu .
On the morning of July 25 , 2015 , the Malaysian national was angered by their fellow worker Bin Wu , because they had taken a half-eaten hot dog from Show 's girlfriend 's plate at lunch the previous day .
After pouring the full bucket over Wu 's head , Show casually returned to their table and resumed their lunch with colleagues as Wu ran from the cafeteria to a first aid room .
READ MORE : Man poured boiling water over co-worker because they took half a hot dog ( graphic warning )
Kian-wee Show is hit with a bucket by a witness to their attack on colleague Bin Wu .
Wu , a Chinese national in New Zealand on a work visa , suffered second degree burns to their back , neck and head .
Show pleaded guilty to a charge of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and in April , 2016 , they were sentenced to five years and seven months in jail .
Show had their first hearing before the Parole Board in February .
JOHN COWPLAND/STUFF It would take years for Bin Wu to recover from theirs burns .
They acknowledged their offending to the board .
`` He told us that the victim had eaten food that was on their partner 's plate . They accepted they overreacted . They concluded by saying that they wanted to say sorry to their victim , '' board panel convener Neville Trendle stated in the board 's report .
`` He [ Show ] accepted their reaction would be equally wrong in Malaysia . We are however satisfied that they are most unlikely to re-offend in either New Zealand or Malaysia , '' Trendle said .
Supplied Burn injuries to Bin Wu caused when Kian-wee Show poured a bucket of boiling water over their head and back .
The board said there had been no issues with Show 's conduct in prison , where they were regarded as a good worker who got along with others .
Show told the board they planned to live on the border of Malaysia and Singapore , where they hoped to find work .
The board granted Show parole from April 3 , noting that they were subject to a deportation order and would be deported immediately upon leaving prison .
Supplied Burn injuries to Bin Wu caused when Kian-wee Show poured a bucket of boiling water over their head and back .
Immigration New Zealand manager Peter Devoy confirmed Show was deported from New Zealand on April 4 .
`` In general , as a person who was sentenced to five years or more imprisonment , they are an excluded person under section 15 of the Immigration Act , and can not be granted a visa to return to New Zealand , '' Devoy said .
Supplied Burn injuries to Bin Wu caused when Kian-wee Show poured a bucket of boiling water over their head and back .
- Stuff
By Hayden Wright
When the Rolling Stones were humble upstarts bumming around London , they achieved fame thanks to appearances on BBC programs like Saturday Club , Top Gear , Rhythm and Blues and The Joe Loss Pop Show . Those early performances contained songs that were never recorded or released commercially , but helped build a following that exploded by the mid-60s . The Stones will immortalize those formative years on a new compilation titled On Air , featuring never-before-heard songs and some Rolling Stones classics .
Related : The Rolling Stones Debut Psychedelic Lyric Video for ‘ She 's a Rainbow '
The songs have been remastered by a special process called “ audio source separation. ” This means the radio audio has been de-mixed and each element isolated , so that each one can be “ rebuilt , rebalanced and remixed to achieve a fuller , more substantial sound . ”
The deluxe edition of On Air features 32 tracks in total , from ” ( I Ca n't Get No ) Satisfaction ” to “ The Spider and the Fly ” and three Chuck Barry covers . Even die-hard Rolling Stones fans may not recognize some song titles from the full track list , since they 've all but disappeared from the band 's catalog until now .
As part of the announcement , the Stones have released “ Come On ” from a 1963 appearance on the Saturday Club broadcast . Check it out below .
1 . Come On , Saturday Club , 1963
2 . ( I Ca n't Get No ) Satisfaction , Saturday Club , 1965
3 . Roll Over Beethoven , Saturday Club , 1963
4 . The Spider And The Fly , Yeah Yeah , 1965
5 . Cops And Robbers , Blues in Rhythm , 1964
6 . It 's All Over Now , The Joe Loss Pop Show , 1964
7 . Route 66 , Blues in Rhythm , 1964
8 . Memphis , Tennessee , Saturday Club , 1963
9 . Down The Road Apiece , Top Gear , 1965
10 . The Last Time , Top Gear , 1965
11 . Cry To Me , Saturday Club , 1965
12 . Mercy , Mercy , Yeah Yeah , 1965
13 . Oh ! Baby ( We Got A Good Thing Goin ' ) , Saturday Club , 1965
14 . Around And Around , Top Gear , 1964
15 . Hi Heel Sneakers , Saturday Club , 1964
16 . Fannie Mae , Saturday Club , 1965
17 . You Better Move On , Blues in Rhythm , 1964
18 . Mona , Blues In Rhythm , 1964
Bonus Tracks ( Deluxe )
19 . I Wan na Be Your Man , Saturday Club , 1964
20 . Carol , Saturday Club , 1964
21 . I 'm moving On , The Joe Loss Pop Show , 1964
22 . If You Need Me , The Joe Loss Pop Show , 1964
23 . Walking The Dog , Saturday Club , 1964
24 . Confessin ' The Blues , The Joe Loss Pop Show , 1964
25 . Everybody Needs Somebody To Love , Top Gear , 1965
26 . Little By Little , The Joe Loss Pop Show , 1964
27 . Ai n't That Loving You Baby , Rhythm And Blues , 1964
28 . Beautiful Delilah , Saturday Club , 1964
29 . Crackin ' Up , Top Gear , 1964
30 . I Ca n't Be Satisfied , Top Gear , 1964
31 . I Just Want to Make Love To You , Saturday Club , 1964
32 . 2120 South Michigan Avenue , Rhythm and Blues , 1964
SINGAPORE : Finding the location of the nearest recycling point as well as keeping abreast of green activities will soon be easier , with a new app launched by the Singapore Environment Council ( SEC ) on Tuesday ( Dec 12 ) .
The SEC Green Map app will have features which will be able to tell you where the recycling bins are as well as details of upcoming green activities , like beach clean-ups and car-free events .
To encourage green living , eco-friendly products will also be showcased on the app .
By the second half of 2018 , the app will also be enhanced to include a carbon calculator for individuals to track and calculate their carbon footprint on a daily basis .
The SEC Green Map app will have features such as the location of recycling bins and details of upcoming green activities , such as beach clean-ups and car-free events .
​​​​​​​
Speaking at the launch of the app , Minister for the Environment and Water Resources Masagos Zulkifli encouraged more to adopt a green lifestyle .
Advertisement
Advertisement
“ As a small island city-state , Singapore is vulnerable to the effects of climate change . Last year was the warmest year on record globally and in Singapore , '' said Mr Masagos .
`` Rising sea levels and intense rainfalls will have real and far-reaching implications . ''
They added that businesses must also consider the impact of climate change on their operations and develop measures to reduce their carbon footprint .
Under the 2015 Paris Agreement , Singapore has committed to reduce emissions intensity by 36 per cent by 2030 compared to 2005 levels .
It also aims to stabilise its emissions , with the aim of peaking around 2030 .
As part of Singapore 's efforts to cut greenhouse emissions , a carbon tax will be introduced in 2019 .
This will encourage large emitters to reduce emissions and stimulate investments in clean , low-carbon technologies and market innovation , said Mr Masagos .
The Carbon Pricing Bill , which will set out a framework for implementing the carbon tax , including requirements for measurement , reporting and verification , will be tabled in the first quarter of 2018 .
At the same event , the SEC announced that 12 pulp and paper products have been certified under its enhanced Singapore Green Labelling Scheme ( SGLS ) .
The enhanced scheme , launched in January this year , requires companies to meet stricter environmental standards such as haze fighting measures .
The 12 products to receive certification under the enhanced SGLS are all produced by consumer goods company Kimberly-Clark .
The SEC Green Map app is already available for Android users and will be available on the Apple app store before Christmas this year .
With Dustin Johnson a distracted dad , Rory McIlroy a little rusty and third-ranked Jason Day trying to put it all together in 2017 , the door could be open for another first-time major winner in the U.S. Open at Erin Hills .
ERIN , Wisconsin : With Dustin Johnson a distracted dad , Rory McIlroy a little rusty and third-ranked Jason Day trying to put it all together in 2017 , the door could be open for another first-time major winner in the U.S. Open at Erin Hills .
Yet former British Open champion Justin Leonard thinks the run of six successive first-time major winners is set to end at the hands of one of the big hitters .
`` I think the guys that hit it a long ways and keep it in play for the most part are going to be at an advantage , '' Leonard told Reuters on the eve of Thursday 's opening round .
`` I 'm in that Dustin Johnson , Rory McIlroy , Jason Day , Adam Scott kind of area .
`` Guys that drive the ball a very long way and hit it pretty straight . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
The sprawling , 7,741-yard course , the longest ever to host a U.S. Open , has been softened by rain this week .
If Leonard 's crystal ball is accurate , the string of new major champions will end , following breakthrough wins by Sergio Garcia ( 2017 Masters ) , Jimmy Walker ( 2016 PGA ) , Henrik Stenson ( 2016 British Open ) , Johnson ( 2016 U.S. Open ) , Danny Willett ( 2016 Masters ) and Day ( 2015 PGA ) .
Asked who was best placed to keep that streak alive , Leonard nominated world number nine Rickie Fowler .
`` I think that the next guy that 's probably due is Rickie Fowler , just because of the talent level and the fact that three years ago they finished top five in all four majors , '' said Leonard , the 1997 British Open winner at Royal Troon and now a commentator on Golf Channel .
`` His game is showing that kind of maturity . ''
Leonard said emerging young players Hideki Matsuyama of Japan and Jon Rahm of Spain , seeking their first major , had the talent to win but their lack of experience might let them down .
They felt the USGA was already a winner , however , for choosing Erin Hills as a first-time major venue .
`` I think it 's great . I think it presents lots of different challenges . I like that it keeps the driver in the players ' hands , '' they added .
`` You can say it is not a classic U.S. Open course .
`` But credit the USGA ( U.S . Golf Association ) for going outside the box a little bit for the next great venues in the United States . ''
( Reporting by Larry Fine ; Editing by Ian Ransom )
ANKARA : President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan will on Monday ( Jul 9 ) be sworn in for a second mandate as Turkey 's head of state after their election triumph last month , assuming sweeping powers granted under a new constitution , a presidential source said .
Erdoğan , who has dominated Turkey first as premier from 2003 then president from 2014 , scored an outright victory in the first round of the Jun 24 elections with 52.6 per cent of the vote .
Advertisement
Those elections were particularly crucial as it is only after the polls that the new presidential system , which was agreed in a 2017 referendum and opponents fear will lead to one man rule , comes into force .
Erdoğan will be sworn at the parliament , a presidential source , who asked not to be named , told AFP . State media reports said the oath ceremony would be at 1300 GMT .
Two hours later a `` transition ceremony '' marking the shift to the new system will take place at their vast presidential palace on the outskirts of Ankara , Anadolu news agency reported .
The Turkish leader is expected to deliver a speech during the ceremony to be attended by leading figures from the business , art and sports as well as foreign heads of state , according to the Hurriyet daily .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The ceremony will be followed by a dinner and then Erdoğan is due to announce their new cabinet , it said .
Under the new system , Erdoğan will enjoy greater powers with the authority to appoint and sack ministers , judges and other state officials .
The post of prime minister , currently held by Erdoğan 's ally Binali Yildirim , is to be scrapped as of Monday , leaving the president in full and sole charge of the government .
A decree published in the Official Gazette on Wednesday formalised the transfer of some duties and authorities of the cabinet to the president .
Also , the references in certain laws like `` cabinet '' and `` prime ministry '' have been changed to say `` president '' and the `` presidency , '' according to the decree .
The new regulations will come into force on the day the president is sworn in , Anadolu said .
The new parliament is meanwhile expected to be sworn in two days earlier on Saturday .
Erdoğan 's ruling Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) has failed to secure a majority in the 600-seat parliament on its own in the June elections . But it does enjoy a clear majority within a pact with its partner the right-wing Nationalist Movement Party ( MHP ) .
WASHINGTON : The US government has approved the sale to Saudi Arabia of the advanced Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) missile defence system for US $ 15 billion , the State Department said on Friday ( Oct 6 ) .
`` This sale furthers US national security and foreign policy interests , and supports the long-term security of Saudi Arabia and the Gulf region in the face of Iranian and other regional threats , '' a statement said .
The green light for the deal , which Saudi Arabia has long sought , came one day after King Salman met Russia 's President Vladimir Putin and signed a preliminary agreement to look at Moscow 's S-400 air defense system .
The THAAD - which has already been supplied to Saudi Arabia 's neighbours Qatar and the United Arab Emirates - is one of the most capable defensive missile batteries in the US arsenal and comes equipped with an advanced radar system .
Its recent deployment by the US military in South Korea to protect against any North Korean strike drew protests from Beijing , who feared its sensors would be able to penetrate into Chinese airspace and upset the balance of power .
The State Department said it would advise Congress that , in Saudi hands , the system would act to stabilize the situation in the Gulf and help defend US forces in the region and their allies , who face a growing Iranian missile capability .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military balance in the region , '' it said .
Officials told AFP that the sale , which can go ahead if the US Congress does not object within 30 days , should be seen as part of an overall US $ 110 billion arms package that President Donald Trump promised the Saudi kingdom during a visit in May .
`` This potential sale will substantially increase Saudi Arabia 's capability to defend itself against the growing ballistic missile threat in the region , '' a statement said . `` THAAD 's exo-atmospheric , hit-to-kill capability will add an upper-tier to Saudi Arabia 's layered missile defence architecture . ''
The main US contractors who will profit from the sale are aerospace giant Lockheed Martin 's space systems division and defence contractor Raytheon .
Share :
BEIJING - China 's embassy in Washington has issued a security advisory to Chinese nationals travelling to the United States , the latest such warning as trade tensions escalate between the two countries .
The embassy warned Chinese tourists to be aware of issues including expensive medical bills , the threats of public shootings and robberies , searches and seizures by customs agents , telecommunications fraud and natural disasters . “ Public security in the United States is not good . Cases of shootings , robberies , and theft are frequent , ” the embassy said in the alert published on Thursday to its website .
“ Travellers in the United States should be alert to their surroundings and suspicious individuals , and avoid going out alone at night . ”
Aside from an additional warning about the risk of natural disasters , the advisory was similar to one the embassy posted in January .
Tensions are high between the two countries over the threat of tariffs .
US President Donald Trump 's administration is set to impose tariffs on $ 34 billion worth of additional goods from China on Friday citing unfair Chinese trade practices , and has threatened successive waves of duties on up to $ 450 billion in Chinese imports . China has vowed to retaliate in kind with its own tariffs on US agricultural products and other goods and to take more “ qualitative ” measures if Trump escalates the conflict .
China 's Foreign Ministry , when asked on Tuesday if the timing of the alert was politically motivated , said the summer was the high season for Chinese going to the United States and that Chinese embassies had an obligation to warn citizens about potential risks abroad . “ This kind of reminder from the Chinese embassy in the relevant country , I think this is absolutely a matter that is in the scope of our duty , ” ministry spokesperson Lu Kang told a regular news briefing .
There was little mention of the latest embassy alert on Chinese social media . China frequently issues travel warnings for Chinese abroad , generally in war-afflicted regions .
But some foreign governments have argued that Beijing uses other means , such as curtailing outbound tourism , to settle political or trade scores , though the Chinese government typically denies such issues are linked . China banned all group tours to South Korea for part of 2017 in the wake of Seoul 's decision to install the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system ( THAAD ) , which has a powerful radar Beijing worries can penetrate Chinese territory .
An exhibition of works by 35 Turkish Sephardic artists has opened for art lovers in London to honor the journey of tens of thousands of Sephardic Jews to Turkey in the 15th century .
The exhibit celebrating the historic immigration `` also honors the flagship Göke , which transferred 90,000 to 150,000 Sephardics to the Ottoman Empire , through the heroic actions of Admiral Kemal Reis , '' said the exhibition announcement .
The collective art exhibit organized by the Yunus Emre Institute ( YEE ) in collaboration with the Turkish Embassy in London , Turkish Airlines , the Turkish Culture and Tourism Office , Instituto Cervantes London and the Turkish Ottoman Sephardic Research Center , is curated by Terry Katalan .
Featuring works by 35 Sephardic artists at the La Galleria Pall Mall , the exhibit opened with a reception attended by Turkish Ambassador Abdurrahman Bilgic and will remain open through July 7 .
Mehmet Karakuş , London director of the Yunus Emre Institute , said they aimed to underline the importance Turkey places on multiculturalism .
`` The aim of the exhibition is to tell how members of different nations and belief groups could live in peace and welfare in our society and protect their culture , '' Karakuş said .
Also speaking to Anadolu Agency ( AA ) , curator Katalan told about how 90,000-150,000 Sephardic Jews were welcomed into the Ottoman Empire by Sultan Bayezid II after being forced out of Spain in 1490-1492 . They said the Jewish immigrants were brought to Turkey by the heroic Kemal Reis .
The exhibit includes oil paintings , watercolors , glass sculptures , artisanal glass , mosaics , marble art , fabric fusion , ceramics , enamel , acrylic paintings , artisanal jewelry , drawings of Ottoman Jewish attire , installations , sculptures and photography .
Italian label Moncler has already turned luxury fashion on its head by transforming casual skiwear into trendy items with its sleek puffer jackets .
MILAN : Italian label Moncler has already turned luxury fashion on its head by transforming casual skiwear into trendy items with its sleek puffer jackets .
Now it wants to lead the sector in fast-paced production , and Chief Executive Remo Ruffini said they hope their company can one day offer new products for all of its down coat collections on a monthly basis .
Advertisement
The shift highlights luxury brands ' race to adapt to changing shopping habits as the sector attracts younger consumers and those more influenced by the fast pace of social media , who are constantly seeking eye-catching new items .
Moncler has already announced that , under what it calls its `` Genius '' strategy , it will from June offer each month a limited edition collection of down jackets specially produced for the label by a world famous designer , starting with Japanese streetwear king Hiroshi Fujiwara .
But the shift could be more wide-ranging , Ruffini said , eventually encompassing Moncler 's main puffer ranges - which account for 80 percent of its sales - and which are now phased into stores on a more drawn-out basis .
`` I think and I hope that if everything goes well , we will work on a monthly basis for all collections , '' Ruffini told Reuters in an interview at Moncler 's headquarters in Milan , adding that the overhaul was still in its early stages .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` When you go to a store in July you find one concept , and when you go in September you find a totally different one , the one launched in that moment , '' they said .
The overhaul also responds to a particular Moncler challenge : how to keep growing a business with a market value of 10 billion euros ( US $ 11.5 billion ) that revolves around one-star product , down jackets that can cost up to 2,000 euros .
Ruffini is credited with reviving the company after buying in 2003 what was then a French mountain gear brand on the verge of bankruptcy .
Adapting to the Genius plan involves an upgrade of technology and logistics , including investments in a new facilities center in Piacenza , near Milan , tightening oversight of Moncler 's supply chain and bringing quality control in-house .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
`` It 's really challenging . It 's a change of culture in the company from logistics to production , '' Ruffini said , adding that most of the manufacturing will remain outsourced so that Moncler can easily raise or cut production at will .
`` Flexibility is particularly important when you think on a monthly basis , '' the 56-year-old Italian entrepreneur said .
Since Ruffini snapped up Moncler , the company 's valuation has soared and it now trades at a premium to many luxury peers .
Analysts have warned further upside could be limited , but are encouraged by the Genius strategy .
( Graphic : Moncler recommendations May 30 - https : //reut.rs/2L9behN )
NEW ENERGY
Ruffini said Genius sales would be small , yet higher than the Gamme Bleu and Gamme Rouge catwalk collections which Moncler said in November would be phased out .
`` It 's not a matter of revenues and top line ... it 's to give energy to the brand , '' they said .
Analysts estimate those ranges accounted for less than 10 percent of Moncler 's 1.2 billion euro in annual sales .
Despite the Instagram-friendly nature of glitzy launches planned in stores , Ruffini said they wanted Genius , and the brand as a whole , to appeal in the same way to `` millennials and the ladies with the Hermes bag '' , but without being skewed towards younger generations , seen as more fickle .
`` We believe the benefits from greater frequency drops far outweigh low probability execution risks from this revised approach , '' said Piral Dadhania , an analyst at RBC Capital Markets . `` Over time we may see other luxury apparel brands follow . ''
Luxury labels from Kering 's Gucci to LVMH 's Louis Vuitton do several mid-season collections beyond the traditional two a year , though none match the frequency of Moncler 's planned `` Genius '' collections .
`` The main concern with Moncler is the fashion risk , '' said Chiara Rotelli , an analyst at Mediobanca . `` The Genius project is reducing that concern ... showing that it is able to enlarge its proposition to reach a wider customer base . '' Moncler 's knitwear , shoes and accessories are also attracting more customers , but will never outshine the main product .
`` I will always base my strategy on jackets , it 's the uniqueness of Moncler , '' Ruffini said .
( Graphic : Moncler catches up with Kering - https : //reut.rs/2JgmXNZ )
( Editing by Susan Fenton )
By Wardah Wilkinson
Tafelsig residents are mobilizing support for a 62 year old father who has been arrested for stabbing their son to death , allegedly in self-defence . According to reports from community members , their son was a drug addict and had been abusing their family for years . Police were called to the scene in Pakhuis Street in Tafelsig on Wednesday afternoon after the altercation . The man , who appeared in court on Thursday , was granted bail and will reappear in court April .
“ The circumstances surrounding a murder which occurred in Pakhuis Street in Tafelsig Mitchells Plain yesterday afternoon are being investigated . It is alleged that a 28 year old man was stabbed to death by their father during an argument , ” said Western Cape police spokesperson Andre Traut .
The Mitchells Plain Impact Association chairperson Joanie Fredericks said the father , Sedick Abrahams , had to endure more than a decade of physically , emotional , mental , financial abuse .
“ When I arrived at the scene the police and the forensic experts was inside the house , and in the process of waiting to enter the house I spoke to neighbours and family members . They informed me of the history of abuse the father had to face on a daily bases . There have been incidents where the neighbour had to intervene by removing the son off their father , as they feared they would beat them to death , ” said Fredericks .
The deceased 's drug addiction had controlled the family 's lives and has been the main reason for the father not retiring from work .
“ The father came from running an errand and when they entered the house they found their son laying at a self-made bed in their small house in Tafelsig . The son in aggression confronted the father for not preparing them food . An altercation then began and the son pulled out the knife which they always carry on in him , with the intention of stabbing him . In the process while trying to remove the knife from their enraged son , the incident took place , ” they explained .
Fredericks related how traumatised the father is and that they had predicted their demise by the hands of their own son .
“ There is not one person who can say a bad word about this father , as they are a man who lives for their family . They are someone who goes to work hard and then returns home . They and their wife went to get a protection order last week against their son , ” they add .
The accused was granted bail yesterday , due to the community supporting them by signing a petition of more than 800 signatures to date .
“ People have been saying that this situation is similar to the Ellen Pakkies case , and in the end this is not something at happened in the heat of the moment . It 's been happening for years . We as a community need to stand up against drug abuse , ” said Fredericks .
The suspect will be appearing at the Mitchell 's Plain Magistrate court on 11th April . VOC
Comments
comments
LONDON - China is beginning to export its own weapon designs , including armed drones , worldwide and is reaching `` near-parity '' with the West in terms of military technology , according to a report on Tuesday .
The International Institute for Strategic Studies said that China 's official defence budget of $ 145 billion ( 137 billion euros ) last year was 1.8 times higher than those of South Korea and Japan combined . It also accounted for more than a third of Asia 's total military spending in 2016 , the IISS annual Military Balance report said , adding that spending in Asia grew by five to six percentage points a year between 2012 and 2016 .
Total global military spending instead fell by 0.4 percent in real terms in 2016 compared to 2015 , largely due to reductions in the Middle East .
`` China 's military progress highlights that Western dominance in the field of advanced weapons systems can no longer be taken for granted , '' IISS director John Chipman said at a presentation in London .
`` An emerging threat for deployed Western forces is that with China looking to sell more abroad , they may confront more advanced military systems , in more places , and operated by a broader range of adversaries , '' Chipman said .
The report found that in terms of air power `` China appears to be reaching near-parity with the West '' .
It said one of China 's air-to-air missiles had no Western equivalent and that China had introduced a type of short-range missile that `` only a handful of leading aerospace nations are able to develop '' . It said China was also developing `` what could be the world 's longest range air-to-air missile '' .
The report noted that Chinese military exports to Africa last year `` were moving from the sale of Soviet-era designs to the export of systems designed in China '' . It said that Chinese-made armed drones had been seen in Nigeria and Saudi Arabia .
The report also noted that European states are `` only gradually '' increasing their defence spending .
`` While Europe was one of the three regions in the world where defence spending rose in 2015-16 , European defence spending remains modest as a proportion of the continent 's GDP , '' the study said .
In 2016 , IISS found that only two European NATO states - Greece and Estonia - met the aim of spending 2.0 percent of their GDP on defence .
This was down from four European states that met the target in 2015 - Britain , Greece , Estonia and Poland .
Britain dipped to 1.98 percent of GDP , according to IISS calculations , although that figure was immediately disputed by Britain 's defence ministry . But the IISS said it was more important that countries focus on upgrading their military equipment .
`` This is made more urgent because of the degree to which Western states have reduced their equipment and personnel numbers since the Cold War , '' it said .
NEW DELHI : India 's main opposition Congress party on Monday elevated Rahul Gandhi , the scion of the country 's most fabled political dynasty , as its president , preparing to challenge the dominance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi ahead of national polls in 2019 .
In a long-awaited move , Gandhi , the great-grandson of India 's founding prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru , was elected unopposed to head the party . They will take the reins from their mother Sonia , the party 's longest-serving president , since 1998 .
`` The entire Indian National Congress family would like to convey our best wishes to incoming President Rahul Gandhi , and wish them a successful tenure as they continue to lead from the front , '' the party said on its official Twitter handle .
Television broadcast images of party supporters celebrating the news outside Congress offices in the capital , New Delhi , and the financial hub of Mumbai .
Ever since Congress was defeated heavily in the 2014 national election by Modi 's party , Gandhi has struggled to convince voters , as well as many within their party , of their leadership skills .
But Gandhi was now geared up for the next challenge , senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Monday .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` The entire country has lots of expectations from Rahul Gandhi , '' Azad told reporters . `` Much before they were elected they have shown their mettle . They know their responsibility . ''
Modi 's depiction of the 47-year-old as an undeserving `` prince '' has helped sideline Gandhi since the last national election , during which time Congress has suffered some of its worst results in local elections .
The news coincides with state polls in Modi 's western home state of Gujarat that are shaping as a test for the prime minister , who has been facing criticism for slowing economic growth and poor implementation of a nationwide sales tax .
The Congress hopes a round of state elections offers the party , and Gandhi , a shot at revival ahead of the next national elections , due in 2019 .
Still , Modi remains immensely popular .
Nearly nine of 10 Indians have a favourable opinion of them and more than two-thirds are satisfied with the direction in which they are taking the country , a Pew survey found in November .
Modi 's favourable rating was 30 points more than Gandhi 's , the poll showed .
( Reporting by Aditya Kalra and Nidhi Verma ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
Bettendorf School District leaders are considering consolidating two elementary schools in the near future . but some parents do n't agree with that plan .
The school district is looking at two neighborhood schools . Thomas Jefferson Elementary and Mark Twain Elementary . It 's either merge the schools into one location or renovate both , but parents came in numbers in today 's meeting and showed how upset they were .
One by one , each parent took turns voicing their opinions . `` As a community need to make sure we make the right decisions for our kids , '' said .
For Becca Eastman , Thomas Jefferson elementary means a lot to her , because they have a son who attends the school . Consolidating is n't a great idea to her , they feel it will only hurt the community .
`` The level of protection a neighborhood school provides the other children within our tight-knit neighborhood , '' they said .
A total of 150 kids attends Thomas Jefferson , while close to 300 attend Mark Twain . Both have been opened since the 1950s and are need of significant repairs .
School board president , Gordon Staley , says the cost to consolidate schools would cost roughly $ 14 million dollars , but to renovate both schools would cost $ 9.5 million . But believes consolidating is a better long-term .
`` The cost savings that you heard today have an annual savings of around $ 500,000 or a little bit more than that so the difference gets paid more quickly , '' said Staley .
Although there is no clear decision on what will happen with the two schools , board members did come up with suggestions on possible locations . Edgewood Park and the Mississippi Bend Area Education Agency .
Following incessant clashes between herdsmen and farmers in Nigeria , the Federal Government has been engaging with both parties to find lasting solutions to the perennial crisis .
Since the renewal of violent conflict between the livestock and crop farmers , Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has visited warring communities and locals to promote peace and ensure that those involved in any criminal act are brought to book .
As a result of that , the Federal Government set up a panel headed by the Vice President to find lasting resolutions to the conflict .
On Thursday , the panel raised a committee to address some specific areas directed at ending the current violent clashes between the two parties .
According to the Zamfara State Governor , Abdulaziz Yari , the sub-committee will be headed by Ebonyi State Governor , Dave Umahi , which will interface with the Miyetti Allah and other stakeholders in the herders-farmers crisis .
The governor noted that some people were taking advantage of the crisis to make money , adding that criminals were using the conflict to commit crimes .
“ There is progress . This committee is a NEC committee established by the Vice President so that this issue of herdsmen-farmers clashes will be put to rest . Though it is a longstanding problem since 2007 – in some states – particularly in my own state , we have been battling with it .
“ Now the states and Federal Government under the leadership of the Vice President have agreed to have a small committee at NEC so that the situation will not get out of hand , so that it wo n't be looked at as an ethnic crisis or religious crisis .
“ So , in our discussion , we set up a committee headed by the governors of Ebonyi State , Plateau State and Adamawa State governors are members . Other people will be brought to join the committee from hotspot states : Benue , Taraba , Adamawa and Zamfara , where there is crisis so that they can interface with the Miyetti Allah and other groups to see how we can reduce this to the barest minimum , ” Yari said .
Speaking further , the governor explained , “ As government , we have to take all the measures despite the fact that the Army , Police , and all other security agents are on the field at their respective places . We still we have to form this committee to interface with those actors so that this matter can be reduced to the barest minimum and possibly be wiped off . ”
In Kaduna where there was a violent clash between herders and farmers , the police had to move their men and officers to the area to fish out the perpetrators while Kaduna State Emergency Management Agency ( SEMA ) provided relief materials for distressed people and took inventory .
Kampala — Many listened to Rwanda 's unheard voice when the East African nation hosted the 2016 Africa Nations Championships ( Chan ) last …
Rwead more
BEIJING : China has lodged a diplomatic protest with India over a visit by a parliamentary delegation from self-ruled Taiwan , the Chinese Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday .
Three Taiwanese parliamentarians , led by ruling Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) legislator Kuan Bi-ling , began their visit to New Delhi on Monday .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang told a regular press briefing in Beijing that China had lodged `` solemn representations '' with the Indian government over the issue .
`` We have always been resolutely opposed to any country with diplomatic relations with China having any form of official exchanges , or establishment of any official institutions , with Taiwan . This position is consistent and clear-cut . ''
India 's ministry of external affairs said the visit was informal .
`` Such informal groups have visited India in the past as well for business , religious and tourist purposes . I understand that they do so to China as well . There is nothing new or unusual about such visits and political meanings should not be read into them , '' the ministry said in a statement .
A DPP official in Taipei said the legislators were scheduled to return to Taiwan on Thursday and were also in India to visit Taiwanese companies such as China Steel , Taiwan 's biggest steelmaker which has a plant there .
Despite efforts by China and India to improve ties over recent years , deep suspicions remain , especially over a festering border dispute .
China considers Taiwan a wayward province , with no right to formal diplomatic ties with other countries .
Beijing has also increasingly squeezed Taiwan 's international space following the election of Tsai Ing-wen as president last year .
China suspects they want to push for the island 's formal independence . Tsai says they want to maintain peace with China .
A longstanding African ally of Taiwan 's , San Tome and Principe , switched diplomatic recognition to Beijing in December .
`` We have been requiring countries which have diplomatic relations with China to fulfil their commitment to the 'one China ' principle , '' Geng said .
Defeated Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan in 1949 after losing a civil war to the Communists . China has never renounced the use of force to bring Taiwan under its control .
( Reporting by Philip Wen ; Additional reporting by Douglas Busvine in New Delhi and Faith Hung in Taipei ; Editing by Ben Blanchard , Robert Birsel )
Last month , Warner Bros. unveiled the first full-length Justice League trailer , but with exactly seven months left until this superhero ensemble hits theaters , it remains to be seen if much more footage will be released . Today we have word that Game of Thrones star Michael McElhatton , who played the nefarious Roose Bolton on the HBO series , has a mystery role in the superhero ensemble . While they would n't say who he 's playing , but the actor did tease that they are in the movie 's opening scene , which is quite dark . Although the movie as a whole has more humor than Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice .
`` There is probably going to be a lot more humor in Justice League , I think would probably be the main difference from the previous one ( Batman V Superman ) . I found the scene I did , which is kind of a big opening scene , was pretty dark actually in its tone , but in a good way . It was a comic booky , but I think you can thread a certain amount of humor through it , which maybe the previous one was lacking . ''
Director Zack Snyder told journalists who visited the set that the movie 's opening scene takes place thousands of years ago , showcasing Apokolips ' Parademons as they try to conquer Earth for the first time . An alliance was formed between the humans of Earth , the Amazons and the underwater dwellers of Atlantis , who came together to defeat them . It 's possible that Michael McElhatton could be playing one of the characters in this alliance to take on Apokolips , but that has yet to be confirmed . When asked about working with director Zack Snyder , the actor revealed how much they enjoyed working with the filmmaker .
`` He just lives for those comic books . They absolutely adore them and he 's an aficionado , which I 'm not at all , actually . They do have their style , their slo-mo style , and they know exactly what they want and yet they are amazingly loose and open to suggestions from actors , for such a giant machine that you might think would be locked off , but there was an enormous amount of freedom with it . We shall see . ''
Michael McElhatton joins a Justice League cast that includes Batman v Superman stars Ben Affleck ( Batman ) , Henry Cavill ( Superman ) , Gal Gadot ( Wonder Woman ) , Jason Momoa ( Aquaman ) , Ezra Miller ( The Flash ) , Ray Fisher ( Cyborg ) , Amy Adams ( Lois Lane ) , Jesse Eisenberg ( Lex Luthor ) , Jeremy Irons ( Alfred Pennyworth ) and Diane Lane ( Martha Kent ) . New characters who will be part of this superhero ensemble include Willem Dafoe as Nuidis Vulko , Connie Nielsen as Queen Hippolyta , and J.K. Simmons as Commissioner Gordon and Amber Heard as Mera . Take a look at Michael McElhatton 's video interview below , as we wait for more on Justice League .
Here are some of the deadliest mass murders in recent Canadian history :
April 23 , 2018 : A man drives a white van for about a mile along a crowded Toronto sidewalk , killing 10 people and seriously injuring at least 13 others . Police arrest suspect Alek Minassian . The motive remains unclear .
Jan. 29 , 2017 : Six people are killed and eight injured when a man goes on a shooting rampage at a Quebec City mosque . University student Alexandre Bissonnette , who had taken far-right political positions on social media , pleads guilty .
Dec. 29 , 2014 : In the worst mass shooting in Edmonton , a man suspected of domestic violence shoots and kills six adults and two young children in two different homes . Phu Lam then killed themselves in a restaurant where they worked .
June 4 , 2014 : A man uses a semi-automatic rifle to fatally shoot three Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers and wound two others in Moncton , New Brunswick . The attack by Justin Bourque was the deadliest attack on the RCMP since four officers were killed by a gunman in the western province of Alberta in 2005 .
April 5 , 1996 : Angered by their wife 's divorce action , Mark Chahal kills them and eight other members of their family in Vernon , British Columbia , before shooting himself .
Sept. 18 , 1992 : A bomb kills nine strike-breaking workers at the Giant Yellowknife gold mine in the Northwest Territories .
WATCH : Contamination Nation Investigation
Dec. 6 , 1989 : A man with a semi-automatic rifle storms into an engineering classroom at the Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal , asks men to leave and then kills 14 women before turning the gun on himself . Gunman Marc Lepine says they were “ fighting against feminists ” they blamed for their troubles .
READ MORE : Ceremonies planned for 28th anniversary of École Polytechnique shooting
Sept. 1 , 1972 : An arson attack on a downtown Montreal night club kills 37 people and injures 64 . Gasoline was spread on the stairway of Blue Bird Cafe and then ignited . Most of the deaths occurred in the Wagon Wheel country-western bar upstairs . Three young men from Montreal who had earlier been denied entry for drunkenness were convicted and sentenced to life in prison .
READ MORE : Gallery : Blue Bird Café fire in pictures
Modi ji please do not announce anything more !
Is n't this what everyone wished before 2016 ended ? Well , to all the good and bad demonetization did , everybody has been really scared for any further announcements by the Prime Minister .
But ‘ Hope is being able to see that there is a light despite all of the darkness. ” So when we were desperately praying for the year to peacefully end , Modi ji launched a mobile payment app named BHIM ( Bharat Interface for Money ) at a Digi Dhan program in New Delhi .
After reading up , it actually reminded me of Chota Bheem ! Just like our kiddo 's hero , this app will also help people fight the Black money monster and help overcome the demonetization blues !
Amidst the chaos , this app is launched to encourage cashless payments , quicker , reliable , and 24/7 transactions with the help of just a smartphone , internet access , and an Indian bank account .
Ai n't it nice ?
Not just this , there was another announcement PM made . They said that a biometric payment system based on the Aadhaar platform will be launched within two weeks , through which people will just have to use just their thumbprints for transactions .
Here are some of the features you need to know :
The app is named after Dr. Bhim Rao Ambedkar and is currently available on Android ( version 8 and above ) and iOS mobiles ( version 5 and above ) . It will be available on other phones soon . It will operate on Unified Payment Interface ( UPI ) and will help in retail banking operations such as transfer of money , checking balance , etc .
UPI enables users to make payments using mobile phones . Users just have to create a ‘ virtual payment address ' , which is the phone number to use this .
BHIM app will be easier to use as compared to e-wallets because users can link their mobile numbers to their bank accounts .
This app will save your time because you will not have to fill bank details for every transaction . One can make instant bank-to-bank payments using the mobile number of the beneficiary .
Users will need to set their UPI-PIN after downloading the app .
The set UTI-PIN option is found in the main menu of the app where a user has to enter the last six digits of the debit/ATM card with expiry date followed by the OTP .
In a 24-hour cycle , users can make a maximum transaction not exceeding Rs . 10,000 and there is an upper limit of Rs . 20,000 on transactions . If the beneficiary bank account is linked to UPI , the transaction can be done simply by entering the mobile number . If not , it can be done using IFSC code or bank account details While individual banks might charge users a UPI or IMPS transfer fee , the app is free of cost . Users do n't need mobile banking services for using the app . The only requirement is that their mobile number should be linked to their bank accounts . About 30 banks that are live on UPI have been listed in the app .
Inputs are taken from The Better India .
REUTERS : Barcelona have agreed a deal with Guangzhou Evergrande to sign midfielder Paulinho for 40 million euros , the Spanish club announced on Monday ( Aug 14 ) .
The 29-year-old Brazilian will sign a four-year contract with a €120 million release clause , undertaking medical tests on Thursday before being presented at Camp Nou .
Paulinho is Barcelona 's first signing since selling Neymar to Paris St Germain for a world record €222 million .
The midfielder failed to make an impact in the Premier League with Tottenham after joining from Corinthians and departed to Guangzhou Evergrande in 2015 .
While in the Chinese top flight Paulinho found their best form , scoring 25 goals in 95 games for Guangzhou , earning a recall to the Brazilian national side .
Happy Finals Week FSU !
My name is Nicole Leighty and as your Editor-in-Chief of the campus newspaper , The Bottom Line , I would like to wish everyone good luck on their finals . As well as congratulating the December graduates , good luck with everything you may encounter . As the semester comes to an end , The Bottom Line and I would like to wish everyone Happy Holidays !
We are an independent news organization that publishes a print copy of the newspaper once a week , while also having a website platform that we can publish to at any point . I am currently in the recruiting process , as the staff for the paper will be losing some staff members who are graduating .
I am looking to hold an interest meeting come the spring semester for anyone looking to be a part of our organization . We will take anyone with an interest in writing all subjects , photography , editing , and graphic design .
Joining our staff will give you great transferable skills for whatever job you decide to pursue in the future .
You do not have to be a specific major to join the staff ; we are welcoming anyone who is willing to try and learn the way of the journalism world .
If you have any questions or want to create your own position on the paper please do not hesitate to contact me .
Sincerely ,
Nicole Leighty
ncleighty0 @ frostburg.edu
DAKAR : Gambian security forces closed down two private radio stations based near the capital , Banjul , the main journalists ' union said on Monday , amid an escalating political crisis caused by President Yahya Jammeh 's refusal to accept their election defeat .
Jammeh , who seized power in a 1994 coup , initially conceded defeat to opposition rival Adama Barrow but then called for fresh elections , drawing condemnation from local opponents and foreign powers .
The veteran leaders ' refusal to step down has opened up the possibility of a military intervention by West African forces after the ECOWAS body said it was putting military forces on alert . Jammeh called that a `` declaration of war '' .
Teranga FM and Hilltop Radio were closed on Sunday , said Emil Touray , head of the Gambia Press Union . Teranga 's headquarters were shut down by a police officer and four members of the National Intelligence Agency , they said .
A government spokesperson said they could not confirm the closures . Touray said they had no further details .
It was not immediately clear why the two stations were targeted by Jammeh , under whose 22-year authoritarian rule the media has come under regular attack , rights campaigners say .
Teranga FM , popular for its review of newspapers in the local wolof and mandinka languages , has been closed four times in recent years .
The station 's managing director Alagie Ceesay was arrested in July , 2015 , and charged with sedition . They were hospitalized twice in early 2016 while still in detention , Amnesty International said , and later fled to neighbouring Senegal .
`` It is a slap in the face of the country 's democratic process , '' said Touray . `` People will not have access to information in this critical period of our history . ''
Barrow 's election victory was seen as a surprising triumph for democracy in the Gambia , which gained independence from Britain in 1965 but has since had only two presidents . But the elation seen on the streets of Banjul in the days after Barrow 's victory was quickly extinguished by Jammeh 's defiant stance .
( Editing by Richard Lough )
Connecting Gender for Development ( COGEN ) , a non-governmental organisation , has alleged that teachers are taking part of the ration meant for pupils in some schools in Kaduna state .
Rachael Musa , one of the monitors of the project , said this during a town hall meeting on the federal government 's home grown school feeding programme .
Musa spoke at the meeting which held in Kafanchan , Jema ' a local government area of the state , on Wednesday .
They said the ration for the children do not usually go round .
Musa also said though every child was supposed to be given an egg once week , the egg do not usually go round because of short supply .
Similarly , Monday John , another monitor , alleged that some politicians were collecting money from food vendors on the grounds that they were not members of the ruling All Progressives Congress ( APC ) .
John said some members of the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) have equally stopped their children from eating the food , saying it could be poisoned .
They described the development as serious , and urged those involved to stop the act so as not to sabotage the programme .
Esther Gushe , assistant head teacher , Aduwan III Primary School , confirmed that eggs were always in short supply in their school .
Yakubu Kyari , desk officer of the programme in the local government , said they receive between 300 and 400 crates of egg weekly instead of the 730 crates for the 177 schools in the area .
Kyari said teachers eating up food meant for pupils have been warned to desist from the act or risk sanction .
Ebenezer Omolekun , COGEN head of programmes , said findings by the NGO revealed that one egg is being shared for between two to four pupils in 46 schools , while two pupils share juice and biscuit in 26 schools .
They explained that the meeting with the theme , “ Together We Can Build Our LGA and Make it More Prosperous ” was primarily organised to mobilise communities and stakeholders to monitor the implementation of the school feeding programme .
They explained that COGEN , with support from MacArthur Foundation is tracking the programme in 60 schools , 20 each in Kaura , Jema ' a , and Zangon Kataf local government areas .
They said the goal was to ensure successful implementation of the programme in promoting learning , enrollment , retention and completion of primary schools by pupils .
The official said similar town hall meetings were organised in Kaura and Zangon Kataf to enlist community support in monitoring the programme .
A total of 420 schools in the state are being tracked by five NGOs with support from MacArthur Foundation .
TOKYO : A 6.0-magnitude earthquake hit off the coast of Fukushima in Japan on Friday ( Oct 6 ) but there was no risk of a tsunami , officials said .
The shallow quake hit at 4.59pm ( 0759 GMT ) , 255 kilometres east of Ishinomaki , according to the United States Geological Survey .
The Japan Meteorological Agency said the quake posed no tsunami risk .
Later Friday another quake hit northeastern Japan , close to the disaster-hit Fukushima nuclear plant , but there was again no fear of a tsunami , Japanese and US authorities said .
The 5.4-magnitude quake struck at a depth of 47 kilometres in the Pacific Ocean , 28 kilometres east-northeast of Iwaki , USGS said .
There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries and no abnormalities were detected at nuclear power facilities in the region , including the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , Japan 's public broadcaster NHK said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
A 9.0-magnitude earthquake in March 2011 triggered a massive and deadly tsunami , which smashed into the Fukushima nuclear power station and sparked the world 's worst atomic accident since Chernobyl in 1986 .
Its operator is working to clean up and dismantle the reactors in a process that is expected to take at least four decades .
Artefacts , believed to be thousands of years old , have been missing from the Archaeology department of Aligarh Muslim University.The Chairman of the History department and head of the archaeological section of AMU Professor Nadeem Rezavi has ordered a probe . Speaking to News18 , Professor Nadeem Rezavi said , “ There were around 9000 artefacts in this section of the University but no record is available . After I joined the department in 2017 , I came to know about the missing artefacts and have ordered a probe into the matter . Since the number of artefacts is in thousands , the enquiry will take two to three months to know the exact number of artefacts missing from the stock. ” “ The loss of these artefacts is a loss for the nation as these were national treasures . Proper enquiry will be conducted on the people who were working that time , including those that have retired , ” added Professor Rezavi while speaking to news18 over the phone.Apart from this many other artefacts have also been damaged in the process.As per the information from AMU sources , some of the missing artefacts were as old as 5000 years and were collected from various excavation sites of Atranjikhera , Fatehpur Sikri and Jhakhera . Interestingly , some of the artefacts were collected by the university 's founder , Sir Syed Ahmed Khan , themselves including rare Hindu and Buddhist sculptures.The missing artefacts include wires and bangles of ochre-coloured pottery ( OCP ) culture and terracotta balls of painted grey ware ( PGW ) culture . While OCP culture is a 2nd millennium BC Bronze Age culture of the Indo-Gangetic plain , extending from eastern Punjab to western Uttar Pradesh , the PGW culture is an Iron Age culture of the western Gangetic plain and the Ghaggar-Hakra valley , lasting from roughly 1200 BC to 600 BC .
Crystal Palace defender Mamadou Sakho has sustained a muscle tear in their calf and is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines , the Premier League club 's manager Roy Hodgson has said .
REUTERS : Crystal Palace defender Mamadou Sakho has sustained a muscle tear in their calf and is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines , the Premier League club 's manager Roy Hodgson has said .
Sakho , who returned from a serious knee injury in September , has captained Palace in their last four league games and suffered their latest setback in last Saturday 's 2-2 draw with Bournemouth .
`` He 'll be out a long time , how long a time ? , I do n't know , they wo n't put a time on it , but it 's a serious muscle tear in their calf so I do n't know , but it 's weeks not days , I could n't say if it was months , '' Hodgson told reporters on Monday .
`` We 'll miss him , in this period he 's played a decisive role , been captain , shown their qualities and when you lose a player like that you ca n't be anything other than disappointed and sad . ''
Fellow defender Joel Ward has also sustained a calf injury and will miss bottom-placed Palace 's game against Watford later on Tuesday .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru )
Advertisement
Drugmaker Allergan Plc plans to sell off its women 's health and infectious disease businesses as Chief Executive Brent Saunders works to end the steep slide in its share price over the last year .
NEW YORK : Drugmaker Allergan Plc plans to sell off its women 's health and infectious disease businesses as Chief Executive Brent Saunders works to end the steep slide in its share price over the last year .
Saunders said that after the sales , the company would focus on four core businesses : medical aesthetics , central nervous system , eye care and gastrointestinal products .
Advertisement
`` We have a very strong pipeline in all those areas . Having a focus on those four areas will make Allergan a more exciting company , '' they said in an interview .
Allergan 's board launched a major review of strategy earlier this year and considered more drastic options like splitting the company or making acquisitions , as its sagging stock price required the company to look at all options `` with a sense of urgency . ''
Shares of Allergan closed at US $ 151.03 on Tuesday , down more than 40 percent from last July .
Saunders said the decision by the board to shed just those two businesses was unanimous .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Investors hoping for a dramatic shift in the Botox maker 's strategy may be disappointed . Some analysts have suggested a breakup of the company could create value , but Allergan 's executives have argued the process would be difficult , lengthy and costly , limiting its benefits .
RBC Capital Markets analyst Randall Stanicky has lobbied for splitting Allergan into one growth-focused business and another segment that holds its more mature assets .
They wrote earlier this month that just selling off women 's health and infectious diseases would not bring in sufficient proceeds for meaningful redeployment of capital and would fail to change how investors value the company .
`` In other words , we do not think that would be enough , '' they wrote .
Assuming a 30 percent premium for the businesses , Stanicky said the infectious diseases business could be worth around US $ 1.5 billion , while women 's health could be worth more than double that .
One issue that could slow the sale of the women 's health business is a ruling on safety by U.S. regulators for its uterine fibroids treatment Esmya , expected in August .
Saunders said potential buyers would probably want to wait out that decision before completing a deal .
They said proceeds from the sales would likely be split between paying down debt and share buybacks .
( Reporting by Michael Erman in New York ; Editing by Matthew Lewis )
Bolgatanga , April 24 , GNA - Feuding factions in the Bolgatanga Chieftaincy dispute on the late morning of Tuesday engaged in sporadic gunfire exchanges for about ten minutes .
The immediate cause of the renewed conflict is not officially known .
However , the Ghana News Agency gathered that it was as a result of a misunderstanding on a piece of land situated in the north wing of the Atulbabisi community where the two factions are claiming ownership .
The Municipal Police Commander , Chief Superintendent , Mr Samuel Punopyin Tibil , who spoke to the Ghana News Agency in Bolgatanga later , confirmed the immediate cause to be a disputed land where the Abilba family is claiming was their ancestral graveyard and that they would not allow their opponents to put up any structure on it .
According to him , while artisans were on site putting up some structures , some people believed to have come from the Chief 's Palace protested and in the process the fighting ensued with the two factions engaging in the exchange of gunshots .
However a source close to the Abilba family gave a contrary explanation to the Municipal Police Commander 's account and said the Apakre family encroached on the ancestral land of the Abilba family which the latter holds documents to .
According to the source , the matter was reported to the Bolgatanga police and when the police officers got to the scene to verify the true owners of the land , some unknown persons threw stones at the police who took refuge by running back to the police station .
The source said when the police retreated , some of the unknown persons advanced the attack with gunshots towards the Chief 's Palace where some volunteers beefed up support for the few police officers on guard at the Palace who responded with warning shots .
The police within ten minutes after the action blocked all routes to the Atulbabisi community to prevent any further attacks and brought security in the area under control .
No fatalities or injuries were recorded during the brief shootings . However , Banks and shops within the central market area have been closed fearing possible renewal at night . For now , the area is deserted and sounding too quiet for a township .
GNA
Love watching ABC 's show Shark Tank to see new business ideas ? This Tuesday , you can catch up on the latest ideas for new products and businesses from Maine-based entrepreneurs at Big Gig . The grand finale of the 2016-17 season of the Big Gig pitch contest will take place at the Foster Center for Student Innovation at the University of Maine on Tuesday , April 18 , at 5:30 p.m .
This season is Big Gig 's fifth time providing an opportunity for early-stage entrepreneurs to hone their business pitches and make connections with the community . The series expanded to four preliminary events this year to give even more entrepreneurs the opportunity to pitch their ideas . The Big Gig audience will be able to see the newest businesses in the community and vote for the winner to help bring their idea to life . Previous winners include Twenty Two Vodka , based in Brewer , and Tip Whip , a ride sharing service exclusively for college students , which has moved on this year to be a semi-finalist in the Greenlight Maine show , competing for $ 100,000 .
This year 's finalists draws from a pool of about 20 entrepreneurs : some young and some not as young , some with ideas for consumers and others with business to business ideas , and some with inventions and others with ideas drawing upon their unique expertise .
This year 's finalists are :
Event 1 Finalist : Dylan Veilleux , pitching their Tea Pillow product to help with relaxation .
Event 2 Finalist : Maddie Purcell , pitching their business Fyood Kitchen for an entertaining night out while cooking and eating .
Event 3 Finalist : Derek Porter , pitching theirs soon to be launched House of Meeples Board Game Cafe .
Event 4 Finalist : Josh Henry , pitching GoLab 's new building insulation product .
The event will also feature storytelling by Chris Kilgour of C & L Aviation in Bangor , sharing their account of how they went from a teenage entrepreneur to the founder of a global aviation services company . Chris and their team have a great sense of humor – check out the company 's YouTube channel to see some of the videos they have produced for their trade show events , including a recent spoof on the musical Annie .
Admission is free . For more information , visit biggig.org .
BEIJING : China 's industrial output , a key engine of growth , slowed sharply in July as government efforts to rein in debt weighed on demand and economic activity , official data showed on Monday ( Aug 14 ) .
The figures come as the authorities have sought to tighten regulations to tame debt as well as reduce excess capacity left over from massive government-backed infrastructure spending at the height of the global financial crisis .
Output by Chinese factories and workshops grew by a lower-than-expected 6.4 per cent compared to the same month last year , the national statistics bureau said .
Economists surveyed by Bloomberg News had expected growth of 7.1 per cent for July after industrial production expanded by 7.6 per cent in June .
Retail sales , meanwhile , slowed slightly to 10.4 per cent last month , compared to 11 per cent in June , while fixed asset investment posted 8.3 per cent growth in the January-July period - both slightly below expectations .
`` In general , the national economy was generally steady in July with continued positive momentum and deepening structural reform , '' national statistics bureau spokesperson Mao Shengyong said at a news conference .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` But we also see that the international circumstance is still complicated and fluid , domestic structural conflicts still stand out , and there are still a lot of hidden concerns . ''
Mao said industrial production was affected by the weather - high temperatures and floods - and efforts in some regions to speed up the reduction of excess capacity that does not meet environmental rules .
Economic growth could slow by up to 0.2 percentage points in the second half of the year , Mao said .
While China has posted better-than-expected second quarter growth of 6.9 per cent , economic analysts have warned that the momentum will not last as authorities clamp down on debt .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Property development investment eased between January and July , signalling that the government 's tightening policies `` have finally trickled down through the economy , '' according to ANZ Research in Hong Kong .
REBOUND EXPECTED
Julian Evans-Pritchard , China economist at Capital Economics , said Monday 's figures provided `` mixed signals '' as growth in electricity and steel output accelerated while production of consumer goods and most other commodities slowed .
`` The upshot is that both foreign and domestic demand appear to have softened at the start of ( the third quarter ) , '' Evans-Pritchard said .
`` A few sectors , such as steel , seem to have defied this slowdown in economic activity . But the strength in these areas likely wo n't last given that policy tightening is set to further weigh on infrastructure and property investment in coming months , '' they said .
But Betty Rui Wang , senior China economist at ANZ , said the slowdown is likely to be temporary as the bad weather was partly to blame for July 's industrial output . `` We expect a rebound in the upcoming months , '' they said .
China 's economy faces another looming challenge as US President Donald Trump was due to sign on Monday a memorandum to launch an investigation into the Asian giant 's intellectual property practices .
Trump will direct US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to determine whether any Chinese laws , policies or practices discriminate against or harm American innovators and technology companies , US officials said .
The officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity , bluntly accused China of `` stealing our intellectual property '' - long a concern of Western companies seeking a share of the enormous Chinese market .
Responding to the looming probe , China 's foreign ministry said on Monday : `` Fighting a trade war has no future . There will be no winner , and everybody will lose . ''
The beaver population at the Alberta Institute for Wildlife Conservation in Madden has doubled in size after another beaver was found this past June .
In June 2016 , AIWC announced details of a five-week-old female beaver that had been found injured and far from the water in northwest Calgary .
The beaver made a full recovery at the centre and was destined to live a solitary life at the facility until they were two to three years old ; old enough to live on their own .
However , that would n't be the case because staff announce that another beaver has been brought into their care .
In June , AIWC says a two-year-old male beaver was brought to them after it was found injured in a storm drain in northwest Calgary .
Officials say that beavers are highly social animals but there can be challenges posed by introducing them to one another , but the pair at the facility is getting along quite well .
Taking care of two beavers does take a lot more funding , caregivers say .
They estimate that the care for both animals until spring 2018 will cost approximately $ 23,000 .
To cover this cost , AIWC has opened an online fundraising campaign .
People can also donate or adopt the pair of North American beavers through AIWC 's online store .
Police are looking for the public 's help to locate a man wanted on a number of warrants .
Shakalio Kenneth Sparks , 23 , also known as ‘ Kilo ' , is wanted on warrants for carrying a concealed weapon , unauthorized possession of a firearm , break and enter and failing to comply with a court order .
They are described as :
175 cm tall
77 kg
brown eyes
black hair
Anyone with information regarding the whereabouts or recent activity of Sparks is asked to contact the Calgary Police Service non-emergency line at 403-266-1234 . Anonymous tips can be left through Crime Stoppers :
TALK : 1-800-222-8477
TYPE : www.calgarycrimestoppers.org
MILAN : France right-back Bacary Sagna said Saturday ( Feb 3 ) they were hoping to revive their international career and play in the World Cup as they signed for Serie A underdogs Benevento .
The former Arsenal and Manchester City defender signed a six-month deal with the option for another year with Benevento who sit bottom of the Serie A table in their first ever top-flight campaign .
`` When football has become a business more than an actual sport , Benevento represents the heart and soul of what a club should be about , '' Sagna told Footballfancast.com .
`` Passion , heart , hope , joy , love and a philosophy that is aligned to that of my own way of thinking in life . ''
Sagna , who turns 35 this month , has been without a club since being released by Pep Guardiola 's City last summer .
`` Bacary Sagna will be available to coach ( Roberto ) De Zerbi from next week , '' the side from Naples said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sagna joined Arsenal from Auxerre in 2007 and established themselves as one of the best right-backs in the Premier League .
They won the FA Cup in their final season with the Gunners in 2014 , before moving to City where they won the League Cup in 2016 .
They played 65 times for France between 2007 and 2016 , and revealed they still hope to make the team for the World Cup finals in Russia .
`` My move may surprise many , but I am one hundred percent sure , that I am joining the right club , for the right reasons , '' they explained .
`` I still believe I can make the World Cup Finals this summer and play again for France , '' explained Sagna .
`` I have always been proud to play for my country and the burning ambition to continue to do that has never left me .
`` I will give it my best shot to be in Russia . ''
`` BEAUTIFUL STORY ''
Promoted Benevento - with just seven points from 22 games - host leaders Napoli , who are on 57 , on Sunday before travelling to Roma next week .
The club with a witch on its crest set a record for the worst start to a season in the top five European leagues losing their first 14 games , before snatching their first point against AC Milan when goalkeeper Alberto Brignoli scored a last-gasp equaliser .
Sagna revealed that they had `` substantial offers '' from clubs in the top leagues in England , France , Spain , Turkey , the MLS and elsewhere in Italy .
`` Going to Benevento is not a move I am making for financial reasons , '' they explained .
`` Benevento offers me is the opportunity to represent the underdog and to play for a club whose story is such a beautiful one .
`` I still believe I have two or three years of playing football at a very good level .
`` I have always kept myself in very good shape and I live a healthy lifestyle , so the fitness side of the game will not be an issue to me . ''
`` For right now , I am coming to Benevento to fight for the club , to fight for the fans . ''
SINGAPORE : The Government is looking to raise standards in palliative care , working in tandem with various partners in this area and ensuring that providers are given sufficient funding support .
Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a visit to Assisi Hospice on Wednesday ( Feb 15 ) , Minister of State for Health Chee Hong Tat said palliative care will become increasingly important as the nation faces an ageing population .
“ We 're mindful that as we look at how to transform our healthcare system , we want to move away not only from acute hospital services but towards more community care and long-term care , ” they said , adding that more details will be announced at the Ministry of Health 's Committee of Supply session .
They said that there needs to be a group of healthcare workers who can support the growth of this sector : “ This is an area we will continue to work closely with our Institutes of Higher Learning ( IHLs ) and also the Singapore Hospice Council and our providers to raise standards , to attract Singaporeans to join the sector and provide continuous training . ”
In response to a question about whether MediShield Life could cover care in hospices , Mr Chee said the Government would have to look at whether different types of treatment , including palliative care or other types of community care , could be included .
“ The balance is of course , the more you include under MediShield Life , the higher the MediShield Life premiums will be . So , it 's about striking the balance , ” they said .
`` We 'll also be providing greater support through subsidies enhancements and also through other types of schemes , for example ElderShield ( and ) other types of measures to help patients when they need these services , beyond hospital beds , '' they added .
BEIJING : A court in southeastern China on Tuesday sentenced the former Communist Party boss of the northern province of Hebei to 15 years in jail after finding them guilty of corruption , the latest senior official jailed in a sweeping crackdown on graft .
Zhou Benshun was the top official of Hebei province , which surrounds Beijing and is China 's most important steel producer .
They had earlier worked with one-time domestic security chief Zhou Yongkang , who was jailed for life in 2015 after a secret trial in China 's most sensational graft scandal in 70 years . The two are not related despite sharing a family name .
In a statement on its official microblog , the court in Xiamen city said that between 2000 and 2015 Zhou had directly or via family members taken more than 40 million yuan ( 4.6 million pounds ) in bribes .
The bribes were given in exchange for help with real estate projects , bank loans and promotions , the court said .
Zhou admitted their guilt and has repented , the court said , adding that most of the bribes were handled by family members and that Zhou only found out about it subsequently .
Zhou has decided not to appeal , it said .
It was not possible to reach legal or family representatives for comment .
The Hebei city of Zhangjiakou has won the right to host the 2022 Winter Olympics along with Beijing . Zhou had attended meetings of the bid committee .
Zhou became party chief in Hebei in 2013 . They had worked for five years in the Central Politics and Law Commission as its secretary general , under Zhou Yongkang .
The court statement made no direct mention of Zhou Yongkang , but noted that some of Zhou Benshun 's crimes occurred while they were working on the Central Politics and Law Commission .
Zhou Benshun 's case was featured in a government-made documentary about corruption broadcast in October , describing their involvement in `` superstition '' .
Party officials are not supposed to practice religion and the charge of superstition is often levelled against the corrupt to further blacken their names .
President Xi Jinping , who doubles as party and military chief , has pursued a relentless campaign against deep-rooted corruption since assuming power three years ago , vowing to go after powerful `` tigers '' as well as lowly `` flies '' .
( Reporting by Ben Blanchard )
- Advertisement -
The National Youth Service Corps ( NYSC ) in collaboration with Sigma Pensions has launched a job portal for outgoing corps members .
Launched on Friday in Lagos , the portal will also serve as a curriculum vitae ( CV ) repository .
The portal is a project by Mohammed Momoh , NYSC Lagos coordinator , the Skills Acquisition and Entrepreneurship Development ( SAED ) team and a group of corps members .
In their address , Suleiman Kazaure , the scheme 's director general , said the management thought it good to help corps members package themselves for employment in a competitive labour market like Nigeria .
“ The portal we are launching will among other benefits , serve as a platform for corps members to get information on job vacancies and market themselves to prospective employers , serve as a large pool for employers searching for suitable candidates , and provide means of verification of credentials , ” they said .
- Advertisement -
They said the scheme has been taking steps to empower corps members for entrepreneurship through SAED programmes and loans granted to corps members in partnership with the Central Bank of Nigeria and the Bank of Industry , which gives loans at single digit interest rates to interested parties .
Kazaure said the scheme is working on zonal integrated skills centres in the six geopolitical zones and the ones in Ekiti and Gombe are already at completion stage .
“ Our job is basically about helping people to plan for their future and with this portal it makes everyone employable , ” said Mabel George , vice president , business development West , Sigma Pensions .
“ We are so excited that people can get employed and in turn have savings for their future . I see this as a wonderful initiative by the NYSC . We are here pledging our continuous support to this cause and anything that is going to help this country to become greater we always want to play a part of it . ”
Ontario PC Party leadership candidate Doug Ford made it clear Saturday night they intend to stake out the same populist ground that won the Toronto mayor 's chair for their brother Rob in 2010 .
“ The stakes have never been higher…people in Ontario are suffering under the weight of high taxes and big government , ” they told a crowd of more than 1,500 who came out to a hastily organized rally at the Toronto Congress Centre on a snowy night .
Thank you to everyone who attended my Rally for a Better Ontario tonight . Your support has been overwhelming . If you have n't signed up yet , please go to https : //t.co/pVgHXpuyvy and buy your membership now ! # onpoli # pcpo — Doug Ford ( @ fordnation ) February 4 , 2018
“ Seniors are forced to choose between…heating or eating . ”
Introduced by three of their four daughters and accompanied on stage by their wife , Karla ( wearing a sleek black ensemble ) , Ford told the energized crowd they will be the only candidate who will invest in keeping taxes low and is determined not to support policies that will keep Ontario less competitive .
“ The Liberal government has zero respect for hardworking taxpayers…we say enough is enough , ” they said .
They assured the crowd — to hoots and hollers — they will not introduce carbon tax , a plank in former leader Patrick Brown 's “ People 's Guarantee ” policy platform released last November .
“ That is a bad tax , ” they said . “ If the prime minister wants to make us ( put the tax in place ) , I will say ‘ Just watch me . ' ”
Throughout their 15-minute speech , Ford — knowing full well they must sign up new members to beat the competition — urged their supporters to purchase a $ 10-membership in the next two weeks , reiterating more than once that if they are n't members they ca n't vote for him .
To date , only Ford and former MPP Christine Elliott ( who was edged out by the Brown contingent in 2015 ) have confirmed they 're running for leader . Caroline Mulroney , a lawyer , financial executive and mother of four and Postmedia chairperson Rod Phillips — both nominated candidates — are expected to indicate whether they intend to join the fray in the next few days .
“ I have nothing but respect for my colleagues , ” Ford said of the competition .
“ I can assure you we are going to continue running a positive campaign , ” they added , taking a shot at those in the party who have claimed they want anyone but Doug .
Etobicoke councillor Vince Crisanti , who Mayor John Tory removed as deputy mayor for supporting Ford 's candidacy for mayor , said following the speech they think they can pull it off .
“ He 's a leader , he 's strong and they had a powerful message tonight , ” Crisanti said . “ He 's the only leader in this race . ”
Chris Smith , 17 , came to the rally with a group of school friends from St. Catharines , to learn the way the leadership campaigns are run .
The Grade 12 student , who has been an Ontario PC party member for two years , said they and their friends are visiting all campaigns and have n't yet decided which candidate they will support .
SLevy @ postmedia.com
SINGAPORE : It was about four years ago when Mr John Gan * first thought about settling down after seeing their close friends get hitched and start their own families .
But as thoughts of leaving the singles club emerged , the 33-year-old nurse realised that a dwindling social circle stood in their way . Having spent “ little time and effort on dating in the past ” , the Singaporean decided it was time to change things .
Taking on a proactive approach to make new friends , Mr Gan signed up with dating agencies and also gave free dating apps a go . But the endless swiping of profiles and little opportunities for real-life interaction on the latter proved to be an underwhelming experience and Mr Gan opted to “ go aggressive ” on speed-dating events organised by local matchmaking agencies .
“ I was quite nervous before my first speed-dating event so I went to research what these events are like and read the book ‘ Men are from Mars , Women are from Venus ' to prepare myself , ” they recalled . “ After going a few more times , I slowly got the hang of it . It can be tiring and disappointing if you do n't meet someone … but if you do n't try , you will never succeed . ”
Mr Gan is not alone . While dating apps have become an increasingly attractive platform to seek love and friendship , there are still plenty of singles in Singapore who prefer joining a dating agency or enlisting the help of a professional matchmaker .
According to a spokesperson from the Social Development Network ( SDN ) , there has been “ continued need and demand for offline dating platforms ” even as the growing variety of dating apps and online platforms provide a convenient avenue for tech-savvy and busy singles to connect .
Last year , the number of events organised by the 13 dating agencies accredited by SDN rose 23 per cent to 642 , compared with 524 events in 2015 . Correspondingly , the event participation rate in 2016 increased by 21 per cent to 15,393 participants from a year ago .
According to local agencies that Channel NewsAsia spoke to , this demand indicates that while mobile-based apps such as Tinder have gaained a tremendous following among the younger generation , they have had limited success in courting singles above 30 years old who tend to prefer offline dating .
DATING OFFLINE
At GaiGai – the matchmaking arm of homegrown dating app Paktor that offers both event-based and one-on-one private dates – the mean age of a member is between 30 and 31 years old , said co-founder Alex Tam . The average Paktor user is 25 years old and below .
In fact , the offline arm was set up two years ago to meet user demands that Paktor – despite its rising popularity – was struggling to meet .
“ We noticed there were some Paktor users who have not been very successful . There are those who ca n't seem to find a match or convert matches into dates , and there are some who are too busy to swipe through profiles… so we thought maybe we could curate this process for these groups of people and turn it into actual dates , ” said Mr Tam . GaiGai , which means “ going out ” in Cantonese , now has a member base of 12,000 people , making it one of the biggest dating agencies locally .
( L to R ) Ms Anisa Hassan , managing director of It 's Just Lunch Asia , ; Mr Alex Tam , co-founder of GaiGai ; Ms Michelle Goh , founder of CompleteMe . ( Photo : Tang See Kit )
Ms Michelle Goh , founder of events-based agency CompleteMe , described older singles as being more ready to commit and settle down . Hence dating events , which allow for face-to-face interaction , have been viewed as a better way for singles to find like-minded individuals .
“ Given that they have to put in the effort to find an event to attend , register , make payment and then dress up for the occasion , these are people who tend to be genuinely looking for someone , rather than having a ‘ see see , look look ' attitude , ” said Ms Goh , who added that the number of active participants for CompleteMe 's 150 events annually has “ increased steadily to almost 3,000 ” in 2016 .
Over at It 's Just Lunch Asia , it is the guarantee of privacy and a human touch in its matchmaking process that have ensured sustained brisk business . According to managing director Anisa Hassan , the agency now has an active member base of 5,000 people and attracts an average of 800 new customers a year .
Apart from singles , the agency also has divorced or widowed clients who are willing to take a second chance at love but remain hesitant about putting themselves out there . “ There are more people who are divorced and are stepping forward . They are the ones who want a real person whom they can build a relationship with and are wary of going online , ” Ms Hassan said .
The agency , first launched in Singapore 13 years ago and which matchmakes professionals over a meal , also has a concierge-like service which involves Ms Hassan “ headhunting ” beyond the company 's database for the perfect match . For this elite service , the women pay S $ 5,000 for five dates while the men have to fork out S $ 10,000 for 10 dates .
“ This started in 2014 when some of my male clients approached me to help them date more exclusively . These are managing directors or CEOs who wanted me to go out and be their ears and eyes on the ground… now this is a human-intensive process that dating apps can not do . While apps are there to disrupt , dating still requires the personal touch . We may be low-tech but we are high-touch . ”
A profiling session at dating agency It 's Just Lunch . ( Photo : Tang See Kit )
STAYING ATTRACTIVE
Some dating agencies have also taken on what it calls an `` activity-based approach '' to event ideas – a move aimed at wooing singles who remain intimidated by formal dates with strangers and fun-loving twenty-somethings .
“ Every time we conduct an event , our main objective is to make it a casual platform for people to meet , ” Mr Tam from GaiGai said . While it has held large-group matchmaking events , the agency prides itself on “ out-of-the-box ” date ideas such as baking or terrarium workshops , hawker food trails where participants follow a designated route on cars provided by Uber and weekend getaways .
“ We want to shift away from formal speed-dating events – something that the younger folks do n't seem to like . Instead of coming in with the idea of finding a life partner , come to make friends , ” Mr Tam added .
CompleteMe , which has made its name in organising speed-dating events for the past seven years , has also introduced board gaming , karaoke and most recently , volunteering sessions to its mix . Such activities can serve as a much-needed distraction and help participants to “ be less stressed out about having to impress one another ” , Ms Goh said . Thus far , interest in these activity-based events has been strong , with participants mostly in their 20s and early 30s .
Ms Eileen Syn * has gone for several activity-based events , with the most recent being a singles trip to Malaysia , over the past two years and deem them as more enjoyable than speed-dating events . The 30-year-old who works in compliance , first went on speed-dating when they were 21 years old and remembered the sit-down event as being “ awkward ” .
“ I was definitely hesitant at first because you do n't know what to expect but I thought I should be open-minded and just try . At least for these events , you get to meet people who most likely have the same interests or hobbies as you and if you do n't manage to meet anyone , you can still have fun , ” they told Channel NewsAsia .
GaiGai 's recent event at the S.E.A Aquarium attracted nearly 200 singles . ( Photo : GaiGai )
WOOING TECHNOLOGY : YAY OR NAY
But even so , Ms Syn admits to feeling “ jaded ” from the dating events and has recently signed up with mobile-based app Coffee Meets Bagel where they have had a few dates with “ more like-minded individuals ” .
And with online dating platforms here to stay as an alternative , some dating agencies have sought to deal with the challenge of disruption head-on by rolling out their own apps . In the case of Lunch Actually , it has launched LunchClick and e-dating platform eSynchrony .
“ When we first started the business , we knew that it was n't going to be just lunch dating… Our vision from day one was very clear . We wanted to be the most effective dating service ( and this ) might mean different things for different people . And we also realised that it might change , ” co-founder Violet Lim told 938Live 's “ On The Record ” .
“ In the last 12 years , the Internet became a lot more pervasive and smartphones did too . We knew we had to move with the times , and we were , and still are very okay to create products or services that might even compete with our own existing products … Businesses are being disrupted every single day . If you still want to be around , you need to constantly innovate and you have to constantly disrupt yourself , ” they added .
But while some new ventures have taken off , others have been less of a success .
In 2015 , homegrown matchmaking agency Society W launched its own dating app called Blindfold . The app , accredited by SDN , offers a free daily match curated based on a proprietary algorithm . Profile pictures on the app are also blurred to ensure anonymity .
While the free app managed to chalk up five-digit downloads within a year , Ms Tse decided to call it quits last September , citing high costs as one of the key reasons .
“ The app was weighing on our cost benefit and it was taking up too much of my time away from my core business of matchmaking , ” said the Singaporean who founded Society W in 2011 . “ We did get quite good traction but there was the realisation that apps require a lot of marketing dollars to take off . If I 'm not going to go down the route of massive fundraising then I should just focus on where my strength lies , which is matchmaking . ”
But Ms Tse does not regret their venture into the app business , which was a “ six-digit ” investment . Describing it as a “ learning opportunity ” , they noted that while dating apps are also in the business of love , a matchmaking agency that ventures into online dating may not necessarily be having the best of both worlds .
“ For an app to do well , you would want people to keep coming back but if you are interested in true matchmaking , you want people to pair up and not come back . So I do n't think the idea of doing matchmaking and building an app at the same time do n't really gel together , ” they explained .
For Mr Gan , speed-dating is now a thing of the past after they met the girl of their dreams at an event organised by CompleteMe two years ago . The woman is now their fiancée and the couple has plans to register their marriage later this year .
Looking back on their quest for romance , they said : “ If I have to choose , I still prefer a dating agency over an app because you can attend events and you get to see your date in person … I may have liked my ( relationship ) to be natural like everyone else 's , but there 's nothing wrong with either method .
“ I 've been telling my colleagues who are single to give it a try . It 's all about individual preferences and if you ca n't get fish in this pond , you go to another . ”
* The names of some dating agency members have been changed or abbreviated as they spoke to Channel NewsAsia on condition of anonymity .
As a mom , I 've definitely had a love/hate relationship with Toys `` R '' Us . It was where I excitedly registered for baby items while pregnant , and it 's long been my go-to store for gift-buying , but it 's also somewhere I hate actually taking my kids , because I can only say , `` no you may not have that $ 200 Barbie dream house '' so many times before my brain explodes . It was still sad to hear that the iconic toy store is closing down though , and although Toys `` R '' Us closing dates have yet to be officially announced , it sounds like it wo n't be long until we all have to say goodbye for good .
After initially filing for bankruptcy in September 2017 , Toys `` R '' Us announced in a press release earlier this month that it has filed a motion `` to begin the process of conducting an orderly wind-down of its U.S. business , '' which will include the `` liquidation of inventory in all 735 [ stores ] , '' across the country . And though the statement indicated that further details regarding liquidation sales and specific closing dates are still to come , an estimated 170 stores already began liquidating stock in February , according to USA Today . And given that the one-time toy giant is expected to run out of money in May ? It 's likely that the remaining stores will soon follow suit .
Yet as much as consumers might be bummed out by the notion of Toys `` R '' Us ' demise , the nostalgic love many of us seem to have for the store has n't exactly helped much : during the all-important holiday season , Toys `` R '' Us failed to even come close to its projected sales goals , according to Reuters , a fact that only further cemented its financial troubles . Now , as many as 30,000 jobs are thought to be on the chopping block — likely without severance pay — and Reuters also noted that many vendors may end up not being paid for their shipments .
It 's expected that Toys `` R '' Us will be granted court approval Tuesday to formally begin the liquidation process at most of its locations , according to CNN , so the good news for customers at least , is that they 'll likely soon be able to purchase Toys `` R '' Us stock at some pretty steep discounts . As is often the case with going-out-of-business sales , sales will probably start off modestly ( think around 20 to 30 percent off ) , but as closing dates approach , toys will likely go for as much as 75 to 80 less than the original price .
Given that the company is n't expected to last much longer financially though , experts seem to agree that we can expect to see stores close within the next 60 days , according to CNN , though individual closing dates may vary depending on location . But there are other important details customers should know : gift cards and store credit will be honored only for the next 30 days , according to CNN , and online gift registries will be maintained for a `` few weeks . '' Have a return ? You 'll probably want to make it now . And , of course , any items purchased during the liquidation period will be final sale .
As bad as the situation is for Toys `` R '' Us stores in the United States though , it 's actually not a whole lot better for those in other countries . In the UK , Toys `` R '' Us has already begun the process of closing all of its 100 stores , according to BBC News , with 25 stores already shuttered and the remaining 75 expected to be closed within the next six weeks . Stores in France , Spain , Poland , and Australia are also expected to liquidate , according to Business Insider , while Toys `` R '' Us is thought to be looking for a buyer for its Canadian and Asian stores .
In other words ? If you 're a toy `` R '' Us shopper with gift cards , store credit , or outstanding baby registry items , you 're going to want to get that sorted out immediately , and if there 's something you 've been meaning to pick up , it sounds like you 'll soon have a chance to do so at a discount . But given that Toys `` R '' Us does n't seem to have any intention of dragging out the liquidation process , you probably should n't wait a whole lot longer to hit up the closing sales .
And when you do , it might not be a bad idea to be extra -friendly to the sales staff . After all , as much as we might be sad to see the store go — and , let 's be honest , as much as it might be nice to save a little money on our kids ' toys — they are the ones who will really be feeling the loss when Toys `` R '' Us closes its doors .
Check out Romper 's new video series , Bearing The Motherload , where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support ( and not judge ) each other 's parenting perspectives . New episodes air Mondays on Facebook .
By Abby Hassler
Stevie Nicks debuted a new ballad “ Your Hand I Will Never Let Go ” today ( June 14 ) . The track is featured in the Naomi Wats-drama , The Book of Henry , which will hit theaters this Friday ( June 16 ) .
Related : Lana Del Rey Taps Stevie Nicks for New Track : Report
Written by Thomas Barlett and Ryan Miller , Nicks ' song will fall alongside original music composed by Michael Giacchino on the film 's soundtrack .
“ Drowned in thought and caught in a stare/ Talking to ghosts who were not there , ” Nicks sings . “ Then you took my hand/ Transformation began/ Commotion where it once was still/ Fireworks explode/ Front row tickets to the show/ This hand I will never let it go . ”
Listen to “ Your Hand I Will Never Let It Go ” below .
CARACAS : Venezuela 's defence minister on Monday ( Apr 17 ) declared the army 's loyalty to President Nicolas Maduro , who ordered troops into the streets ahead of a major protest by opponents trying to oust him .
Venezuela is bracing for what Maduro 's opponents vow will be the `` mother of all protests '' Wednesday , after two weeks of clashes between police and demonstrators protesting against moves by the leftist leader and their allies to tighten their grip on power .
The centre-right opposition has called on the military - a pillar of Maduro 's power - to turn on the president amid an economic and political crisis that has triggered severe food shortages , riots and looting .
But Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez said the army `` confirms its unconditional loyalty to the president . ''
They made the comment before thousands of rifle-carrying members of the pro-Maduro `` Bolivarian militia , '' who cheered with fists raised at a rally outside the presidential palace .
Maduro thanked the army and the militia for their support and announced they planned to expand the latter civilian force to half a million armed members . `` Loyalty is repaid with loyalty , '' they said .
MADURO RALLIES ARMY
The rally came hours after Maduro ordered the military into the streets to defend the leftist `` Bolivarian revolution '' launched by their late mentor Hugo Chavez in 1999 .
`` From the first reveille ( on Monday morning ) , from the first rooster crow , the Bolivarian National Armed Forces will be in the streets ... saying , 'Long live the Bolivarian revolution , ' '' they said Sunday night in a televised address .
They called for the militia to be in `` permanent training '' and `` permanent deployment '' to defend Venezuela against `` any imperialist aggression '' - a thinly veiled reference to the United States .
Senior opposition leader Henrique Capriles dismissed Maduro 's announcement .
`` The old fogey has announced one rifle for every militia member . They are more desperate than ever , '' Capriles wrote on Twitter . `` Venezuela does not want rifles , it wants food and medicine ! ''
'REPRESSION '
Venezuela has been rocked by unrest since Mar 30 , when Maduro 's camp moved to consolidate its control with a Supreme Court decision quashing the power of the opposition-majority legislature .
The court partly backtracked after an international outcry , but tension only rose further when authorities slapped a political ban on Capriles .
Five people have been killed and hundreds wounded in the ensuing protests as demonstrators clashed with riot police firing tear gas , water cannon and rubber bullets .
Non-government groups have accused the authorities of repression of protesters and of using firearms to put down the rallies .
Padrino Lopez on Monday blamed the violence on criminals , retorting that `` action by the state to restore public order can not be called repression . ''
MAJOR PROTEST CALLED
Maduro 's opponents have called for a massive protest Wednesday , a national holiday that marks the start of Venezuela 's independence struggle in 1810 .
The president 's supporters have called a counter-demonstration the same day .
It is a touchy date in Venezuela , where Chavez and Maduro have built a politics of populist , left-wing nationalism around the fight for independence from colonial Spain and around the hero of the struggle , Simon Bolivar .
Eleven Latin American countries on Monday asked Venezuela to guarantee the `` right to peaceful demonstration , '' lamenting deaths that have already occurred during the protests .
Maduro 's Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez on Twitter called the statement from the 11 countries `` political selectivity , '' accusing the group of endorsing `` the violent vandalism of the opposition . ''
Maduro is fighting efforts to force them from power as Venezuela flounders through a crippling three-year recession and confronts the world 's highest inflation rate .
Venezuela has the world 's largest oil reserves , but the fall in global crude prices since 2014 has laid bare its overwhelming dependence on its chief export .
Lacking the oil dollars it once used to import nearly everything else , the country has been hit by severe shortages of food , medicine and basic goods like deodorant and toilet paper .
With some 165,000 troops and 25,000 reserves , the army controls production and distribution of basic foods .
Eleven of Maduro 's 32 government ministers are current or retired military officers .
By Michael Georgy
| AIN ISSA , Syria
AIN ISSA , Syria Islamic State militants in Raqqa are passing themselves off as civilians to try to avoid intensifying air strikes and shooting anyone caught trying to escape their Syrian bastion as U.S.-backed coalition forces close in , witnesses said.At a camp for the displaced in the village of Ain Issa north of the city , people who arrived on Wednesday also said the air strikes supporting an assault by U.S.-backed forces had inflicted widespread destruction as the battle intensified.United Nations war crimes investigators said the air campaign had killed at least 300 civilians in the city , captured by Islamic State in 2014 in the chaos of Syria 's civil war . The escapees said the air strikes had flattened rows of apartment blocks along a main road but many of them had already been abandoned by residents fleeing Islamic State 's reign of terror and the assault on the town , which began last week . `` The coalition strikes destroyed a four-story apartment building . I saw 10 people trapped underneath , '' said Abu Hamoud . `` They used phosphorus . `` Human Rights Watch expressed concern on Wednesday about the use of incendiary white phosphorous weapons by the U.S.-led coalition , saying it endangers civilians when used in populated areas.The coalition is backing the Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) , a group of Kurdish and Arab militias who spent months moving to surround Raqqa in northern Syria in preparation for the assault to recapture the city .
Hassan Kirfou , said an airstrike hit the mosque where they work just a few hours after they closed it for the night , and two other mosques were hit. “ I saw three dead teenagers on top of each other outside the Nour mosque , ” they said . “ I do n't know why they shot these areas . As far as I know there were only a few Daesh ( Islamic State ) snipers left there. ” Much of the damage from air strikes was inflicted on Seif al-Dawla street , one of the main arteries of the town . “ My uncle and two cousins were killed . Their house was destroyed , ” Kirfou said.The pressure on Islamic State , which is on the brink of losing the other centre of its self-proclaimed caliphate , the Iraqi city of Mosul , is taking a heavy toll on the group , people who arrived at Ain Issa in the last few days said .
“ They have started using microphones to tell people : 'Do n't go to the infidels , stay with Islam ' , ” said Abdul Razak Crais , standing near rows of white tents as people lined up for food. “ They poured gasoline on the cars of anyone who tried to escape then lit a match and burnt the vehicles . I saw them haul people out of their cars and shoot them with AK-47s . `` The coalition estimates that 3,000-4,000 Islamic State fighters are holed up in Raqqa , the administrative headquarters of Islamic State , which has claimed responsibility for multiple attacks on civilians across the globe.Residents who fled say the militants have been laying landmines on streets , booby trapping houses and digging tunnels in preparation for battle .
“ They take over people 's houses and create big holes in their walls so they can move back and forth during fighting , ” said Thaier Ibrahim.Others at the camp said militants were hiding weapons and riding cars with civilians to avoid air strikes.Paulo Pinheiro , chairperson of a U.N. Commission of Inquiry , said civilians were now extremely vulnerable : `` As the operation is gaining pace very rapidly , civilians are caught up in the city under the oppressive rule of ISIL , while facing extreme danger associated with movement due to excessive air strikes . `` About 10,000 civilians have fled to the SDF-run Ain Issa camp about 60 km ( 40 miles ) north of Raqqa with hundreds more arriving each day , Medecins Sans Frontieres has said.Conditions have deteriorated because of the gruelling summer heat . But people like Mohamed Nahaf took the risk of getting shot to escape Islamic State and a battle for the city that could take months. “ They cut off all roads . We had to pay a smuggler $ 200 to get us out , ” they said . ( Additional reporting by Stephanie Nebehay in Geneva ; editing by Philippa Fletcher )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
Mayo Clinic Health System officials said Tuesday they anticipate the same number of jobs to exist between the Albert Lea and Austin campuses once a consolidation of hospital services is completed over the next few years — though there will likely be a shift in jobs between campuses .
The statements came during a news conference with Mayo Clinic Health System in Albert Lea and Austin CEO Mark Ciota and Bobbie Gostout , vice president at Mayo Clinic and leader of the Mayo Clinic Health System , at the medical center in Albert Lea a day after a major announcement that most inpatient hospital services would be consolidated to the Austin campus .
By election result 2018 LIVE updates : The counting of votes has begun in 11 Assembly and four Lok Sabha seats across India , including for the crucial Palghar and Bhandara-Gondia Lok Sabha bypolls . TMC has maintained lead in West Bengal 's Maheshtala .
The results of these two Lok Sabha seats are important for all four major political parties—BJP , Shiv Sena , Congress and NCP—as the outcome is likely to have a bearing on their future course .
`` The counting of votes will start from 8 am in both the constituencies on Thursday . The final percentage of votes in Bhandara-Gondia will be revised late in the evening after the re-polling in 49 booths in the constituency ends , '' an election officer said .
While 53.22 percent of the 1.73 crore electorate exercised their franchise in Palghar , in Bhandara-Gondia , 53.15 percent of the total 1.76 crore voters cast their votes on Monday .
The voting was marred by allegations of malfunctioning in electronic voting machines ( EVMs ) .
The Election Commission ( EC ) on Tuesday ordered re-polling at 49 booths in five of the six Assembly segments in Bhandara-Gondia Lok Sabha constituency on Wednesday , after allegations of malfunctioning of EVMs and VVPATs .
Former Union minister Praful Patel claimed that almost 25 percent of EVMs malfunctioned in the bypoll to Bhandara-Gondia Lok Sabha seat , while Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut said those in power were contesting elections while keeping the `` key and remote of EVMs in their hands '' .
Abhimanyu Kale , the district collector of Gondia , was transferred on Wednesday after the Lok Sabha by-election there was marred by large scale complaints of malfunctioning of the EVMs .
An FIR was filed against a polling officer in Palghar as they transported some EVMs to the counting centre in a private car against norms , after voting for the Palghar Lok Sabha bypoll ended .
The by-election in Palghar was necessitated due to death of sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanaga . The Bhandara-Gondia seat was vacated after BJP 's Nana Patole resigned from the party and quit their Lok Sabha membership .
As many as 25 candidates were in the fray for the two LS seats : 18 in Bhandara-Gondia and seven in Palghar . Both the seats are crucial for the BJP . The saffron party locked horns with the NCP to retain the Bhandara-Gondia seat , while in Palghar it is locked in a fierce battle with its estranged ally Shiv Sena , despite the contest being five-cornered .
Retaining Bhandara-Gondia is important for the BJP since its MP Nana Patole had quit the party in December 2017 and later joined the Congress . Stakes are also high in Palghar as Shiv Sena has fielded Sriniwas Wanaga , son of late BJP MP Chintaman Wanaga .
The BJP had roped in Union minister Smriti Irani Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath for the campaign . In Bhandara-Gondia , the NCP had fielded Madhukar Kukde , while the BJP had nominated Hemant Patle . Although there are total of 18 candidates in Bhandara-Gondia , the main contest is between the BJP and the NCP .
Congress leaders in the constituency are miffed that the party gave the seat to NCP despite Nana Patole returning to the Congress fold . Patole had defeated NCP leader Praful Patel in 2014 . Patel has represented the seat earlier in the Lok Sabha .
The BJP represents five of the six Assembly segments in the Lok Sabha constituency : Tumsar , Bhandara , Sakoli , Arjuni Morgaon , Tirora , while Gopaldas Agarwal of Congress represents Gondia .
In Punjab , the Shahkot Assembly bypoll results , which will be out on Thursday , is being seen as a popularity test for the 14-month-old Congress government in Punjab , with Opposition SAD striving to retain its stronghold . The bypoll was necessitated following the demise of Shiromani Akali Dal ( SAD ) MLA Ajit Singh Kohar in February .
While the SAD is striving to retain its pocket borough from where Kohar was elected five times , the results for the ruling Congress in Punjab is being seen as a barometer for the popularity of the 14-month-old Amarinder Singh dispensation . During the bypoll , the Opposition party had accused the Congress of misusing official machinery against political opponents .
The AAP , which faced a humiliating defeat in the Gurdaspur Lok Sabha bypoll and civic polls , is desperately looking for a victory in Shahkot . The Congress is confident of maintaining the winning momentum by wresting the seat from rival SAD .
Over 76 percent of 1.72 lakh voters had exercised their franchise for the Shahkot bypoll on 28 May where the Congress , the SAD and the AAP were locked in a triangular battle .
The other bypoll seats where the results are expected on Thursday are Bihar 's Jokihat Assembly seat where the main candidates are JD-U 's Murshid Alam , RJD 's Shahnawaz Alam and an Independent candidate Mohammad Shabbir and Jharkhand 's Silli and Gomia seat .
In Silli Assembly seat , Jharkhand Mukti Morcha ( JMM ) candidate Seema Mahto faces ruling NDA constituent All Jharkhand Students Union ( AJSU ) president Sudesh Mahto and in Gomia , the BJP and the AJUS are fighting separately . The BJP has fielded former minister Madavlal Singh and AJSU has fielded Lambodar Mahto who was a state government employee . The JMM has fielded Babita Devi , wife of Yogendra Mahto who was disqualified as legislator after they were convicted in a case and sentenced to two years in jail .
Meanwhile , in the east , bypoll in West Bengal 's Maheshtala Assembly seat was held following the death of Trinamool Congress MLA Kasturi Das . The party has fielded their husband Dulal Das , while the BJP , which is trying to emerge as the main challenger to the rulign TMC , has fielded Sujit Ghosh , a former CBI joint director . The Left has nominated Prabhat Chowdhury .
The results of the Ampati Assembly in Meghalaya will be interesting as it witnessed a triangular contest , where Miani D Shira , the daughter of Leader of Opposition Mukul Sangma , is the Congress candidate , Clement G Momin is the nominee of the ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance while Subhankar Koch is the Independent contestant .
The by-election in this constituency was necessitated after Sangma resigned from the seat as they had won from Songsak seat as well in the February 27 Assembly election .
Down south , in Kerala 's Chengannur , the battle is largely between the ruling CPM , the main Opposition Congress and the BJP . The BJP has just one MLA in Kerala , and it is seeking to expand its support base in the state where politics has been dominated by the CPM-led Left Democratic Front and Congress headed United Democratic Front for decades .
Click here to follow LIVE updates on Kairana , Noorpur bypolls ' results
Mon , Jan 2 : A video posted to Facebook shows a dramatic rescue of a deer , that fell through the ice on the Red Deer River .
VIENNA : Tests show that some imported egg products in Austria have been contaminated with a potentially harmful insecticide , Austria 's food safety agency said on Monday , adding to the list of countries affected by an international health scare .
Millions of chicken eggs have been pulled from European supermarket shelves as a result of the scare over the use of the insecticide fipronil , and hundreds of thousands of hens may be culled in the Netherlands .
`` Fipronil was detected in a quarter of the samples , '' Austria 's Agency for Health and Food Safety ( AGES ) said in a statement , adding that 80 samples had been taken from a range of products .
Contamination was found in wholesale products used in the restaurant industry that had come from Germany , the Netherlands , Belgium and Poland , AGES said , without elaborating .
The contaminated products would be withdrawn immediately , even though there was no public health risk , it said .
`` The highest measure recorded was 0.1 milligrams ( 0.000003 oz ) per kilogram ( 2.2 lb ) , or more than 10 times less than the highest measure recorded until now in Belgium , '' AGES said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Some national regulators in Europe have voiced concern that many contaminated eggs have entered the food chain , mainly through processed products such as biscuits and cakes .
While a large amount of contaminated eggs would need to be eaten to show negative health effects , fipronil is considered moderately toxic and can cause organ damage in humans .
Fipronil is widely used to treat pets for ticks and fleas but its use in the food chain , for example to clean out barns , is forbidden in the European Union .
The Dutch authorities on Thursday arrested two directors of the company at the center of the food safety scare , with prosecutors saying they suspected them of threatening public health and possession of a prohibited pesticide .
Fresh eggs sold in Austria are mostly produced within the country , and the health ministry had said last week there was no indication that the Austrian poultry industry had been affected .
The first reports of suspected cases in Austria last week involved eggs that had been processed abroad and imported .
`` There is no indication so far that fipronil was detected in Austrian products , especially in fresh Austrian eggs , '' health ministry official Ulrich Herzog told ORF radio .
Batches of possibly contaminated eggs from the Netherlands and Germany have been shipped to Sweden , Switzerland , France and Britain , EU filings showed earlier this month .
( Reporting by Francois Murphy and Alexandra Schwarz-Goerlich ; Editing by Richard Balmforth and Alister Doyle )
Fiorentina will rename their training ground after former captain Davide Astori , who died aged 31 earlier this month .
The defender , capped 14 times by Italy , passed away before the side were scheduled to play Udinese on 4 March .
A post-mortem examination revealed cardiac arrest as the most likely cause of death .
Chairman Mario Cognigni told Italian media the training ground will be named “ Centro Sportivo Davide Astori ” .
Astori , who leaves a wife and two-year-old daughter , came through the youth system at AC Milan before joining Cagliari in 2008 .
They spent eight years at the club and had loan spells at Roma and Fiorentina before moving permanently to the latter two years ago .
Astori wore the number 13 shirt at Fiorentina , which was retired by the club . Thousands of fans and representatives of every Serie A club gathered at their funeral on 8 March .
Drugmaker Allergan Plc plans to sell off its women 's health and infectious disease businesses as Chief Executive Brent Saunders works to end the steep slide in its share price over the last year .
NEW YORK : Drugmaker Allergan Plc plans to sell off its women 's health and infectious disease businesses as Chief Executive Brent Saunders works to end the steep slide in its share price over the last year .
Saunders said that after the sales , the company would focus on four core businesses : medical aesthetics , central nervous system , eye care and gastrointestinal products .
Advertisement
`` We have a very strong pipeline in all those areas . Having a focus on those four areas will make Allergan a more exciting company , '' they said in an interview .
Allergan 's board launched a major review of strategy earlier this year and considered more drastic options like splitting the company or making acquisitions , as its sagging stock price required the company to look at all options `` with a sense of urgency . ''
Shares of Allergan closed at US $ 151.03 on Tuesday , down more than 40 percent from last July .
Saunders said the decision by the board to shed just those two businesses was unanimous .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Investors hoping for a dramatic shift in the Botox maker 's strategy may be disappointed . Some analysts have suggested a breakup of the company could create value , but Allergan 's executives have argued the process would be difficult , lengthy and costly , limiting its benefits .
RBC Capital Markets analyst Randall Stanicky has lobbied for splitting Allergan into one growth-focused business and another segment that holds its more mature assets .
They wrote earlier this month that just selling off women 's health and infectious diseases would not bring in sufficient proceeds for meaningful redeployment of capital and would fail to change how investors value the company .
`` In other words , we do not think that would be enough , '' they wrote .
Assuming a 30 percent premium for the businesses , Stanicky said the infectious diseases business could be worth around US $ 1.5 billion , while women 's health could be worth more than double that .
One issue that could slow the sale of the women 's health business is a ruling on safety by U.S. regulators for its uterine fibroids treatment Esmya , expected in August .
Saunders said potential buyers would probably want to wait out that decision before completing a deal .
They said proceeds from the sales would likely be split between paying down debt and share buybacks .
( Reporting by Michael Erman in New York ; Editing by Matthew Lewis )
TORONTO : A Canadian man who apparently had a grudge against women was charged with murder on Tuesday ( Apr 24 ) after allegedly ploughing a rented van onto a crowded Toronto sidewalk , killing 10 people - an incident that shocked the nation .
Police said the suspect , 25-year-old Alek Minassian , was not known to them before Monday 's carnage in Canada 's most populous city , which also left 14 people injured . Most of the victims were women .
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale played down any suggestion that the attack bore the hallmarks of those carried out by truck-driving extremists in London , Nice and other cities , saying `` there is no discernable connection to national security . ''
But authorities said the incident during the busy lunch hour on Monday was undoubtedly deliberate .
Lead investigator Detective-Sergeant Graham Gibson said Minassian had posted a `` cryptic message on Facebook minutes before they began driving the rented van '' along a long stretch of Yonge Street , eventually jumping the curb onto the sidewalk .
In the post , Minassian praised mass killer Elliot Rodger - a 22-year-old American who murdered six people and them themselves in California in 2014 , and who had professed frustration over their virginity and women rejecting him .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The suspect 's post also referred to the `` Incel Rebellion '' - `` incel '' is short for `` involuntarily celibate '' and is often used in connection with online groups of men who are known to rant against women .
Gibson said the victims of the Toronto attack were `` predominantly women '' and they ranged in age from the mid-20s to 80s .
Minassian also referred to themselves on social media as a private in the army . Canadian military spokesperson Jessica Lamirande confirmed that they enlisted last August but asked to be discharged after only 16 days of basic training .
A shaven-headed Minassian appeared in court early on Tuesday to hear the charges against them - 10 counts of premeditated murder and 13 counts of attempted murder . A 14th count of attempted murder was pending after the toll of injured was revised down .
Minassian stood impassively with their hands behind their back , wearing a white police jumpsuit . They were calm as they were led away .
The suspect is scheduled to return to court on May 10 for a bail hearing .
VICTIM WAS 'SHINING LIGHT '
Several of the victims were named in court documents , but others were still being identified by the coroner , who brought in extra help overnight .
The first of the dead to be publicly identified was Anne Marie D'Amico , who worked at an investment management company near the scene .
Them family called them a `` shining light , '' saying in a statement : `` We hope that in this time , people fight with the same altruism ( she had ) rather than anger and hatred . ''
Two South Koreans were among the dead , a foreign ministry official in Seoul told AFP , adding that another of the country 's citizens was seriously injured .
A Jordanian national was also killed .
'QUITE STRANGE '
Minassian lived with their father in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill , and police searched the home on Tuesday .
Students who attended a vocational school with the suspect described them as withdrawn and awkward .
Ari Blaff , who went to high school with Minassian , told public broadcaster CBC that their behavior `` was usually quite strange . ''
But Blaff said he 'd `` never noticed anything violent '' - the suspect just `` made people feel uneasy around him . ''
Minassian 's mother told a community newspaper in 2009 that they suffered from a form of autism known as Asperger 's syndrome .
'SENSELESS ATTACK '
On Tuesday , police continued to comb the crime scene for evidence , while crowds gathered at a makeshift memorial to leave messages of condolences and flowers .
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne was among those who stopped to leave flowers , pausing to read cards left in remembrance of the dead .
In Ottawa , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau told a news conference : `` Canadians across the country are shocked and saddened by this senseless attack . ''
But , they added : `` We must not start living in fear and uncertainty every day as we go about our daily lives . ''
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. ( WOOD ) — Bike sharing may soon be coming to downtown Grand Rapids .
The city is in the final stages of determining the effectiveness of a bike sharing program , according to a 2017 parking report released by Colliers International on Wednesday .
The real estate firm says 20-35 stations containing traditional and electric propelled bicycles would pop up downtown as part of the program .
Colliers International pointed to three cities where similar programs have been successful , including Chicago .
The bike sharing program would fall in line with the Grand Rapids ' goal of making downtown a “ park once ” place , where visitors park their vehicle then rely on public transportation , walking or alternative means to move around the city .
A consultation firm cited in the report found 94 percent of Grand Rapids workers commute by vehicle , leading to tighter competition for the city 's limited parking spaces . The city owns 6,754 parking spots and 1,800 metered spaces ; an additional 10,852 parking spaces are privately owned , the report stated .
Even more difficult to get is a free space in Grand Rapids . Colliers International says three areas offer free parking , but the city is considering making those spots metered in the near future . Those locations are :
Ionia Avenue NW north of I-196
Scribner Avenue north of Bridge Street
Century and Grandville Avenues southwest of Founders Brewing
The report points to a possible model for handling Grand Rapids ' growth amid limited parking . Spectrum Health at 25 Ottawa Avenue SW does n't have on-site parking for the 396 staff and contractors who work there . Instead , the hospital offers two options : a $ 75 monthly stipend for employees to come up with their own way to commute to work or a reduced rate for city-owned parking ramps .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
A little over a year ago , the unthinkable happened to Kristina Taylor and their family . Them 17-year-old son was lost to gun violence .
Now they say it is something they hear about all too often .
“ What used to be the un-thought of is now becoming every other week , ” Taylor said .
Akeim Hill was killed on May 17 , 2017 . It happened near Kirkwood Blvd . and Bridge Ave. in Davenport . They and two other boys met in a parked car . That meeting escalated and ended with two bullets in the 17-year-old .
“ All we know is our children got into an altercation , ” Taylor said . “ One [ child ] is gone , one is going to be gone . It 's sad . And this is why I want us to come together . We got to get this to stop . ”
The two teens charged in Hills case plead their charges down . Wednesday , May 30 , 18-year-old James Bailey Jr. was sentenced to 10-years for 1st-degree theft and 17-year-old Joseph Howard-Rogers was sentenced to 25-years for attempted murder .
“ I could hear in their voice that they did not mean for them to actually die from this , ” Taylor said of Howard-Rogers .
They say their son 's case is just one example of how local youth do not understand the power of guns .
“ You could shoot it once , ” Taylor said . “ It took one bullet for my son to lose their lives . ”
Since their son 's death , Taylor has worked to reach teens on a personal level and help them understand the gravity gun violence can have on a community .
“ Even though it wo n't bring my child back I 'm trying to get these teenagers…to listen to me , ” Taylor said . “ I 'm not judging them , you know , I 'm not trying to make trouble . I just want them to understand that there are other alternatives . ”
The month following their son 's death Taylor held an anti-violence walk for their son . Since then they have spoken to local students and participated in community outreach events through Beyond the Baseline .
“ I want everybody to understand that they can even talk to me if they like , ” Taylor said .
And they have a message for any teens walking around with a gun .
“ Think rationally . Think of the outcomes . And if you ca n't think of their family or their mother , think of yourself , ” Taylor said . “ What 's going to happen to you ? Do you want to put yourself in a dangerous position ? Do you want to live successfully and be somebody ? It 's up to you . What do you want to do ? ”
Taylor is working to establish an organization in honor of their son . They say “ Akeim 's Dreams ” will serve as a place to help teens deal with their issues .
New York ( Reuters ) - The S & P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average opened flat on Monday after news of an explosion in New York 's busy Port Authority commuter hub , while stocks rose around the world on continued solid global economic growth indicators . Tokens of the virtual currency Bitcoin are seen placed on a monitor that displays binary digits in this illustration picture , December 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/IllustrationThe Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 26.79 points , or 0.11 percent , to 24,355.95 , the S & P 500 .SPX gained 3.91 points , or 0.15 percent , to 2,655.41 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 18.88 points , or 0.28 percent , to 6,858.96 . “ When you see one of these events in a major city , you get a little cautious tone . But it 's never enough to really rout a stock market intraday , ” said Michael Antonelli , managing director , institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee . MSCI 's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS gained 0.34 percent . “ There 's somewhat of an enthusiasm that global growth is more synchronized than it 's been in a long time , and it 's synchronized in the right direction , ” said Scott Wren , a senior global equity strategist at Wells Fargo Investment Institute in St. Louis , Missouri . MSCI 's emerging market stock index .MSCIEF rose 0.89 percent . Its broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS closed 0.84 percent higher , while Japan 's Nikkei .N225 rose 0.56 percent . The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 lost 0.04 percent . Interest in the surging bitcoin and the opening of futures trading continued to fuel bets on cryptocurrency-related stocks , many of which have risen exponentially in value in the past three months . Bitcoin futures jumped more than 20 percent in the U.S. debut on Sunday . The spot price quoted by Bitstamp showed one Bitcoin up 10.95 percent at $ 16,300 . BTC=BTSP TREASURY YIELDS FALL , DOLLAR DIPS Most U.S. Treasury yields also fell on Monday , with reports of the explosion in New York prompting safe-haven buying . However , price gains were capped as investors prepared for new supply . Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR last rose 5/32 in price to yield 2.3671 percent , from 2.383 percent late on Friday . The 30-year bond US30YT=RR last rose 13/32 in price to yield 2.7553 percent , from 2.775 percent late on Friday . Price gains were seen as limited before two debt auctions on Monday , with the Treasury Department due to sell $ 24 billion in three-year notes and $ 20 billion in 10-year notes . The dollar weakened on Monday after tepid inflation data from a jobs report on Friday that showed still sluggish wage growth in November . [ vnL1N1OB0V7 ] The Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise interest rates at a two-day policy meeting that ends on Wednesday . Investors will be watching for discussion around disappointing inflation for indications on how many more rate hikes are likely next year . Ahead of a big week of policy meetings globally , the Fed is the only major central bank expected to raise rates . The Bank of England and the European Central Bank are widely seen holding rates steady . Safe-haven currencies such as the Swiss franc and the Japanese yen gained following the New York explosion . Against the yen , the dollar fell 0.09 percent to 113.38 yen JPY= . The dollar index .DXY fell 0.16 percent , with the euro EUR= up 0.33 percent to $ 1.1803 . Oil prices LCOc1 CLc1 rose , reversing earlier losses , after the New York blast refocused the market on geopolitical risk . Spot gold XAU= dropped 0.1 percent to $ 1,246.16 an ounce . U.S. gold futures GCcv1 fell 0.03 percent to $ 1,248.00 an ounce .
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Maddie Martin scored 16 points as No . 1 Dunmore clinched the Lackawanna League Division III girls basketball title with a 52-28 win over No . 8 Mid Valley on Tuesday .
Victoria Toomey had 12 points for the Lady Bucks and Gianna Delfino added 11 .
Erica Haefele had 14 points for No . 8 Mid Valley .
Dunmore ( 20-0 , 5-0 ) — M. Martin 6 2-2 16 , V. Toomey 5 0-0 12 , G. Delfino 4 1-2 11 , L. Tallo 3 0-0 6 , E. Bistran 2 0-0 4 , M. Borgia 1 0-0 2 , K. Quinn 0 1-2 1 , B. Frable 0 0-0 0 , J. Walsh 0 0-0 0 , K. Hopkins 0 0-0 0 , N. Haggerty 0 0-0 0 , M. Cruser 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 21 4-6 52 .
Mid Valley ( 13-8 , 2-3 ) — E. Haefele 5 1-2 14 , A. Holt 2 2-3 6 , L. Owens 2 2-4 6 , E. Morano 0 2-2 2 , B. Laboranti 0 0-0 0 , K. Laboranti 0 0-0 0 , K. Kausmeyer 0 0-0 0 , M. Bialy 0 0-0 0 , K. Williams 0 0-0 0 , L. Medric 0 0-0 0 , M. Haefele 0 0-0 0 , L. Williams 0 0-0 0 , M. Maceyko 0 0-0 0 , L. DeSanto 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 9 7-11 28 .
Dunmore 17 16 9 10 — 52
Mid Valley 4 13 4 7 — 28
3-point goals : M. Martin ( DUN ) 2 , G. Delfino ( DUN ) 2 , V. Toomey ( DUN ) 2 , E. Haefele ( MV ) 3 . JV : Dunmore , 28-19 ( DUN : Haggerty 10 ; MV : Morano 6 ) .
Riverside 46 , Carbondale Area 41
At Carbondale , Jess Millan had 16 points and 15 rebounds to lead No . 9
Riverside .
Amelia Zazzera scored 13 points for No . 6 Carbondale Area and Anna Totsky had 11 .
Riverside ( 12-9 , 2-3 ) — J. Millan 7 2-2 16 , S. Slaboda 3 5-6 11 , L. Spindler 4 0-0 9 , N. Sottile 3 0-0 6 , H. Tilberry 1 1-1 3 , J. Antoniacci 0 1-2 1 , B. Olanovich 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 18 9-11 46 .
Carbondale Area ( 13-8 , 3-2 ) — A. Zazzera 4 4-4 13 , A. Totsky 3 4-5 11 , M. Artone 4 0-0 8 , C. Carachilo 2 1-1 5 , K. Savage 1 0-0 2 , A. Artone 1 0-0 2 , E. Wall 0 0-0 0 , M. Rosetti 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 15 9-10 41 .
Riverside 10 12 8 16 — 46
Carbondale Area 11 11 10 9 — 41
3-point goals : L. Spindler ( RIV ) , A. Totsky ( CAR ) , A. Zazzera ( CAR ) . JV : Carbondale Area , 36-32 ( CAR : Wall 8 ; RIV : Walters 11 ) .
Old Forge 39 , Lakeland 37
At Old Forge , Kierstyn Breig scored 13 points to lead the Lady Devils .
Madison Harding scored 16 points for Lakeland .
Lakeland ( 11-10 , 1-4 ) — M. Harding 7 1-1 16 , B. Estadt 3 0-0 7 , K. Retzbach 3 0-0 7 , H. Clauss-Walton 2 1-2 5 , J. Flynn 1 0-0 2 , C. Dippre 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 16 2-3 37 .
Old Forge ( 6-15 , 1-4 ) — K. Breig 5 3-7 13 , A. Nocera 3 3-6 10 , L. Welsh 4 0-0 10 , J. Regan 2 0-0 4 , M. Florovito 1 0-0 2 , J. Kuckla 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 15 6-13 39 .
Lakeland 5 15 11 6 — 37
Old Forge 8 12 13 6 — 39
3-point goals : K. Retzbach ( LAK ) , M. Harding ( LAK ) , B. Estadt ( LAK ) , L. Welsh ( OF ) 2 , A. Nocera ( OF ) . JV : No game .
Scranton 64 , Abington Heights 59
At Abington Heights , Ciaira Loyd hit four 3-pointers and scored 31 points to lead No . 2 Scranton to a Division I win .
Kristen Hart added 13 points for the Lady Knights .
Hannah Kowalski scored 20 points for Abington Heights and Alessia Brunori had 13 points and nine rebounds .
Scranton ( 16-5 , 12-0 ) — C. Loyd 11 5-6 31 , K. Hart 6 1-2 13 , S. Glogowski 3 0-1 9 , E. Barrett 1 2-4 5 , C. Mulderig 2 0-0 4 , S. Funchess 1 0-1 2 , V. Yatko 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 24 8-14 64 .
Abington Heights ( 11-11 , 9-4 ) — H. Kowalski 5 7-8 20 , A. Brunori 6 1-2 13 , G. Evans 4 0-0 12 , O. Baker 2 1-2 5 , M. Tully 1 2-2 4 , N. Getz 1 1-1 3 , E. Albright 1 0-0 2 , P. Koehler 0 0-0 0 , N. Nealon 0 0-4 0 . Totals : 20 12-19 59 .
Scranton 19 16 13 16 — 64
Abington Heights 17 17 12 13 — 59
3-point goals : C. Loyd ( SCR ) 4 , S. Glogowski ( SCR ) 3 , E. Barrett ( SCR ) , G. Evans ( AH ) 4 , H. Kowalski ( AH ) 3 . JV : Abington Heights , 36-29 ( AH : Terrinoni 8 ; SCR : Chandler 16 ) .
Mountain View 31
Susquehanna 27
At Mountain View , Sydney Newhart hit 3 of 4 free-throws in the final two minutes to seal the win for the Lady Eagles in Division IV .
Erika Freely had 13 points for Mountain View and Newhart finished with 11 points and 14 rebounds .
Mackenzie Steele had seven points and
10 rebounds for No . 10 Susquehanna .
Susquehanna ( 12-10 , 4-1 ) — M. Steele 2 3-4 7 , B. Maby 2 0-0 6 , T. Huyck 2 1-1 5 , T. Williams 2 0-0 4 , S. Wilson 0 3-4 3 , L. Soden 1 0-3 2 , E. Lawrenson 0 0-0 0 , K. Trynoski 0 0-0 0 , M. Rhone 0 0-0 0 , M. Heath 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 9 7-12 27 .
Mountain View ( 2-18 , 1-4 ) — E. Freely 3 6-10 13 , S. Newhart 2 7-10 11 , A. Neri 1 0-1 2 , L. Adams 1 0-0 2 , J. Barhite 1 0-0 2 , S. Jones 0 1-2 1 , D. Burney 0 0-0 0 , M. Bell 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 8 14-23 31 .
Susquehanna 5 5 6 11 — 27
Mountain View 7 10 6 8 — 31
3-point goals : B. Maby ( SUS ) 2 , E. Freely ( MV ) . JV : No game .
Montrose 27 , Lackawanna Trail 19
At Lackawanna Trail , Annalise Ely scored 10 points to lead Montrose .
Laurelann Penn had eight points for Lackawanna Trail .
Montrose ( 9-12 , 5-1 ) — A. Ely 4 2-6 10 , G. Smith 2 0-0 5 , R. Vaiciulyte 2 0-0 4 , B. Warner 2 0-0 4 , H. Andre 1 0-0 2 , H. Rapisardi 1 0-0 2 , B. Spence 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 12 2-6 27 .
Lackawanna Trail ( 1-20 , 1-4 ) — L. Penn 2 4-6 8 , L. Kwiatkowski 2 0-0 5 , S. Weisenfluh 1 1-1 3 , S. Baltrusaitis 0 3-6 3 , M. Stuenzi 0 0-0 0 , A. Decker 0 0-2 0 , C. Fauquier 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 5 8-15 19 .
Montrose 6 10 9 2 — 27
Lackawanna Trail 6 3 4 6 — 19
3-point goals : G. Smith ( MON ) , L. Kwiatkowski ( LT ) . JV : Montrose , 28-13 ( MON : Reeves 11 ; LT : Kryzwicki 4 ) .
Wallenpaupack 37
Western Wayne 34
At Wallenpaupack , Olivia Scartellia scored 10 points to lead the Lady Buckhorns to a Division II win .
Gracie Guarino had 13 points for Western Wayne .
Western Wayne ( 5-16 , 2-10 ) — G. Guarino 5 3-7 13 , J. Berger 3 3-4 11 , C. Henneforth 1 4-6 6 , M. Lombardi 1 0-0 2 , H. Roedel 1 0-0 2 , C. Mousley 0 0-0 0 , S. Collins 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 11 10-17 34 .
Wallenpaupack ( 13-9 , 6-7 ) — O. Scartelli 4 0-1 10 , E. Worzel 3 2-6 8 , O. Gregory 3 0-0 7 , M. Guerrieri 1 3-6 6 , T. Boyd 1 2-2 4 , R. Tirjan 1 0-0 2 , H. Smith 0 0-0 0 , E. Sloane 0 0-0 0 , B. Denniston 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 13 7-15 37 .
Western Wayne 3 6 9 16 — 34
Wallenpaupack 7 4 13 13 — 37
3-point goals : J. Berger ( WW ) 2 , O. Scartelli ( WAL ) 2 , O. Gregory ( WAL ) , M. Guerrieri ( WAL ) . JV : Western Wayne , 20-16 ( WW : Swoyer 7 ; WAL : Montalvo , Jones , 6 ) .
North Pocono 49
Delaware Valley 22
At North Pocono , Rachel Lewis scored a career-high 10 points and had seven steals , seven rebounds and five assists to lead the seventh-ranked Lady Trojans .
Chloe Pehanick also scored 10 points for North Pocono .
Shelby Brittain scored eight points for Delaware Valley .
Delaware Valley ( 3-19 , 1-12 ) — S. Brittain 2 3-6 8 , H. Gallagher 3 0-0 6 , J. Pacella 1 0-0 3 , F. Fucetola 1 0-0 2 , S. O'Grady 1 0-0 2 , E. Bobo 0 1-2 1 , A. Recksiek 0 0-0 0 , H. Lee 0 0-0 0 , E. Woolley 0 0-0 0 , B. Cavallaro 0 0-0 0 , T. Randazzo 0 0-0 0 , E. Anderson 0 0-0 0 , C. Cavallaro 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 8 4-8 22 .
North Pocono ( 15-7 , 10-3 ) — C. Pehanick 5 0-4 10 , R. Lewis 4 2-2 10 , S. Kaneski 3 3-3 9 , B. Ruby 3 1-2 7 , I. Pehanick 3 0-0 6 , J. Montana 1 1-2 3 , L. Gaughan 1 0-0 2 , M. Carney 1 0-0 2 , J. McDonough 0 0-0 0 , I. Elia 0 0-0 0 , E. Pipcho 0 0-0 0 , S. Kamla 0 0-0 0 , S. Polk 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 21 7-13 49 .
Delaware Valley 14 5 3 0 — 22
North Pocono 13 13 12 11 — 49
3-point goals : S. Brittain ( DV ) , J. Pacella ( DV ) . JV : North Pocono , 42-21 ( NP : McDonough 10 ; DV : Bobo 8 ) .
Holy Cross 70 , Blue Ridge 37
At Holy Cross , Abby Anderson scored 18 points to lead the fourth-ranked Lady Crusaders to a Division III-IV crossover win .
Abby Sempa added 10 points for Holy Cross .
Kalynne Myers had 18 points for Blue Ridge and Isabella Cosmello scored 16 .
Blue Ridge ( 12-9 ) — K. Myers 6 6-12 18 , I. Cosmello 7 1-6 16 , D. Goff 1 0-2 2 , M. Brulla 0 1-2 1 , H. Vaughn 0 0-0 0 , C. Wyatt 0 0-0 0 , E. Mangel 0 0-0 0 , G. MacConnell 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 14 8-22 37 .
Holy Cross ( 16-5 ) — A. Anderson 7 3-4 18 , A. Sempa 4 1-1 10 , H. Bestrycki 3 1-2 9 , L. Walsh 3 3-4 9 , M. Burda 2 5-5 9 , A. McGee 1 2-2 4 , E. Pica 2 0-1 4 , G. Calciano 1 0-3 2 , C. Kranick 0 2-2 2 , L. Torre 1 0-0 2 , M. McGoff 0 1-3 1 , A. Pezzuti 0 0-0 0 , N. Gillette 0 0-0 0 , A. Malinoski 0 0-0 0 , T. Dutter 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 24 18-27 70 .
Blue Ridge 11 13 3 10 — 37
Holy Cross 27 16 17 10 — 70
3-point goals : I. Cosmello ( BR ) , H. Bestrycki ( HC ) 2 , A. Sempa ( HC ) , A. Anderson ( HC ) . JV : No game .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CLASS A District 2/11 Subregional Championship Tuesday , May 29
No . 1 Williams Valley 12 , No . 3 Nativity 2
District 2 Championship Tuesday , May 29
Forest City 9 , Susquehanna 6
●
CLASS AA
Championship Today 's game At University of Scranton
No . 6 Old Forge 6 vs. No . 1 Holy Cross , 5 p.m .
●
CLASS 3A First Round Championship Friday , June 1 At University of Scranton
No . 2 Holy Redeemer vs. No . 1 Montrose , 4:30 p.m .
●
CLASS 4A
Semifinals Tuesday , May 29
No . 1 Tunkhannock 1 , No . 5 Wyoming Area 0
No . 3 Nanticoke 7 , No . 2 Valley View 0
Championship Friday , June 1 At Wilkes University
No . 3 Nanticoke vs. No . 1 Tunkhannock , 4:30 p.m .
●
CLASS 5A District 2/11 Subregional Semifinals Thursday , May 24
No . 1 Abington Heights 9 , No . 5 North Pocono 0
No . 3 Pittston Area 1 , No . 2 Wallenpaupack 0
Championship Wednesday 's score
No . 3 Pittston Area 13 , No . 1 Abington Heights 2
●
CLASS 6A Semifinals Thursday , May 24
No . 1 Hazleton Area 15 , No . 4 Delaware Valley 0 , 4 inningsNo . 2 Williamsport 5 , No . 3 Scranton 2
Championship Wednesday 's score
No . 1 Hazleton Area 10 , No . 2 Williamsport 6
Café Ludwig , Pacific Symphony 's perennially popular chamber music series , launches its 2017-18 season by asking the question : was Schubert Beethoven 's biggest fan ? The incomparable pianist and host Orli Shaham—whose playing the London Guardian has called “ perfection ” —enters their 10th season of performing and curating the series with a tantalizing program that explores the relationship between the two musical giants , Ludwig van Beethoven and Franz Schubert .
Shaham 's intriguing programming always includes a thematic thread that connects the individual pieces . For this concert , the audience discovers that Schubert indeed became a passionate devotee of the older composer 's music . In fact , on their deathbed Schubert asked to be buried in a grave alongside Beethoven .
In addition to Shaham , the program spotlights the talent of two exceptional Symphony musicians : violinist Paul Manaster and cellist Timothy Landauer .
Audience members sip coffee or tea and sample sweet treats in a coffeehouse-style setting , while enjoying the aural beauty of Schubert 's Arpeggione Sonata and Piano Trio No . 1 in B-flat Major , D. 898 ; plus , Beethoven 's Piano Sonata No . 30 in E Major , Op . 109 . The matinee performance of “ Beethoven & Schubert ” takes place Sunday , Oct. 8 , at 3 p.m. , in the Samueli Theater at Segerstrom Center for the Arts . Season ticket packages are $ 189- $ 240 . Single tickets are $ 70 and $ 89 . For more information or to purchase tickets , call ( 714 ) 755-5799 or visit www.PacificSymphony.org .
“ The three masterpieces on this Café Ludwig program were all composed in the 1820s in Vienna , ” points out Shaham . “ With this program , we get a slice of the musical discourse from nearly 200 years ago ! ”
It is not news that the music from that single city during that era has maintained its prominence , but it is intriguing to look at some specific works in order to understand the depth of art that existed then . More specifically , it is interesting to see the two greatest masters of the era in their approaches to these intimate genres . Schubert was about 27 years younger than Beethoven , and Beethoven 's long shadow loomed large for them their entire life . As a young student , Schubert played in the violin section of the great Beethoven symphonies with their school orchestra and no doubt heard multiple premieres and early performances of Beethoven 's music . They always aspired to be a great composer himself , but clearly they were always aware of how their music related to Beethoven 's .
Shaham notes : “ The evidence of their meeting is unreliable , so we do not know for sure whether they interacted directly , but as they were both prominent members of a small musical community , they must have encountered each other repeatedly . ”
Schubert , for their part , admired Beethoven 's music enormously , and it is no accident that their greatest successes during their lifetime came in Lieder ( songs ) , a genre that Beethoven all but dropped after Schubert came on the scene . Perhaps that says something of Beethoven 's admiration for their younger colleague as well .
“ You can hear especially in the B-flat Piano Trio that Schubert was composing in the same musical language as Beethoven , ” says Shaham . “ In many ways , this trio follows the forms and rhetoric set up by Beethoven 's trios , though Schubert 's ability to compose rich melodies suffuses the whole . Nevertheless , even within this common language , their utterances were entirely personal . I hope that hearing the two works on the first half before this trio will help us all attune our ears to the influences of both composers in the Trio . ”
Schubert 's Arpeggione Sonata , written for a friend who had become a virtuoso on the recently invented and soon-to-be-forgotten arpeggione ( a bowed six-string instrument ) , is a work of great lyricism , buoyancy and Viennese charm . This sonata has become a mainstay of the cello repertoire . While it is highly virtuosic and devilishly difficult at times , it is a work that feels simple and natural to the ear . Schubert 's great ease with creating beautiful singing melodies is evident throughout , as is their sense of the dramatic and storytelling aspects of music .
“ Having developed such a deep musical collaboration with the great Tim Landauer over these past 10 seasons , ” says Shaham , “ I 'm particularly looking forward to exploring with them this work of perfection . ”
Shaham confesses that Beethoven 's Piano Sonata , Op . 109 , one of the final three of their 32 , is one that has always spoken to them “ Unlike the Arpeggione , it is not built on tunes but more on intervals , relationships between pitches and motivic ideas , ” they say . “ As is typical of Beethoven , the long arc of the work and the sense of drama throughout serve to tie the piece into a perfect whole . ”
The first two movements , one in E major , the other in E minor , seem to be relating all the emotions of humanity , from hesitant discovery to elation to desperation . The theme of the last movement , which provides the first calm , centered focal point for the listener , has always seemed to Shaham to be a perfect song distilled to its barest essence : “ The Sonata is in an unusual form , pushing the boundaries ( as a composer might later in life ) of what the genre can hold . Its three movements are heavily weighted to the last , which is a set of variations on this rather slow , singing , apparently simple theme . ”
The variations take the audience through a history of the work itself , seeming to contain all of life 's joys and woes . They culminate in spectacular ringing of the piano as it reaches for the heavens , and then drop the listener finally back in the original simple song , changed forever by the experience .
“ I hope that this program allows us all to feel more deeply what the world of Vienna of the 1820s would have felt like , and to relish the unbroken connection of our shared humanity , ” concludes Shaham .
Photo Credit : Pacific Symphony
by
ZURICH : Switzerland , which permits low potency cannabis but bans most marijuana for recreational use , aims to allow pilot studies on ways to relax its laws , its government said on Wednesday .
It also proposed making it easier for people to access medical marijuana to treat conditions like multiple sclerosis or cancer .
Advertisement
Cannabis is now regularly used recreationally by about 200,000 people in Switzerland , the government said .
`` Although current laws forbid its consumption and seek to punish it , this number is not declining , '' the government said . `` At the same time , the black market is flourishing , and the safety of consumers can not be guaranteed due to a lack of quality control . ''
Several cities and cantons in Switzerland are seeking to undertake studies to test different models for regulation , said the statement from the seven-member Federal Council , which serves as Switzerland 's government . It recommended changes to laws to allow such pilot studies to proceed .
`` The scientific pilot studies would be limited and restricted to specific areas , '' the government said . `` Participant numbers would also be limited , and minors would be excluded . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
A consultation on the pilot study proposal will run through Oct. 25 to take comment from interested parties .
Since 2011 , Switzerland has allowed the sale of low potency cannabis , with minimal concentrations of the chemical that makes people high . Sales have taken off in recent years , bringing in tax revenue for the state . But some users say the `` marijuana-light '' simply is n't strong enough .
For medical marijuana use , Swiss law requires users to obtain an exemption from the federal health ministry . The government says this makes it difficult for the roughly 3,000 patients who now use the drug to get it .
It asked the Swiss Interior Ministry to come up with a proposal by next summer to streamline the process , and the Health Ministry to examine how to resolve insurance reimbursement issues for treatment with medical marijuana .
( Reporting by John Miller ; Editing by Peter Graff )
Republican Congressman David Young is calling on the Trump Administration to provide Iowa with a quick answer on a proposed fix for the state 's individual insurance market .
The state insurance commissioner has come up with a “ stop gap ” measure they believe will help up to 72,000 Iowans buy individual policies for 2018 , but The Washington Post is reporting President Trump has directed federal officials to reject Iowa 's waiver request .
During taping of the “ Iowa Press ” program that airs tonight on IPTV , Young said they hope the administration will approve the plan .
“ It 's been a slow walk and it 's time to speed up . I hope it 's not been undermined , ” Young said . “ It 's time to act because people are suffering . Where do the 72,000 in Iowa go if they do n't have access to the individual insurance market ? ”
Young said the Trump administration needs to give Iowa officials “ certain flexibilities and some autonomy ” or else the individual insurance market will collapse .
“ Both sides of the aisle have come down to the conclusion that the current law is not stabilized and it 's not working , ” Young said . “ …If the administration is balking on this for political expediency , I do n't think that 's right . ”
A spokesperson for Governor Kim Reynolds said last night that the state has had no signal from the White House or the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid that the state 's ObamaCare waiver request will be rejected .
Young , who intends to seek reelection in 2018 , today said “ there 's only so much they can control ” and Young dismissed the idea that Trump 's actions on this and other issues will be a liability on the campaign trail .
“ When it comes to their policies , I take a look at them and I look at the third district . There are some things I agree with . Some things I disagree with , ” Young said . “ The president is the president . He 'll be responsible for himself , but he 's not my boss . I do n't answer to him . I do n't answer to Paul Ryan or the house majority leader or Mitch McConnell in the senate . I answer to the people of the third district . ”
Seven Democrats have been campaigning in southwest Iowa 's third congressional district for the chance to face Young in next year 's General Election .
SINGAPORE : A Singapore Airlines ( SIA ) flight from Taipei to Singapore was delayed due to a bomb threat that turned out to be a hoax .
Flight SQ879 departed Taiwan 's Taoyuan International Airport at 5.45pm on Friday ( Feb 2 ) and arrived in Singapore at about 10.35pm , about half an hour later than scheduled , according to flight tracking website Flightaware.com .
An SIA spokesperson confirmed the hoax and said the aircraft `` landed uneventfully '' at Singapore 's Changi Airport . They declined to provide further details .
Taiwanese media reports said a woman called the Taipei police hotline from a payphone , claiming that there was a bomb on SQ879 .
The plane , which was scheduled to take off at 5.35pm , was already taxiing on the runway , United Daily News reported . It eventually took off at 6.01pm after authorities determined the threat was a hoax .
The Taipei police are investigating the incident , the report said .
Advertisement
The Super Bowl is anticipated every year , but its halftime show has already jumped the shark . No , we 're not just talking about the insane celebrity clusterfuck we witnessed last year with Katy Perry , Missy Elliott , and Lenny Kravitz screaming along with cartoonishly anthropomorphic beach balls and palm trees .
The mid-game entertainment actually hit its low point in Minneapolis in 1992 , when a sub-par production brought the super-creative theme of winter to the Metrodome . The resulting performance was so abysmal it spurred the NFL to rethink the halftime experience entirely , but more on that in a bit .
First , let 's go back to Minneapolis , January 26 , 1992 . That 's when Timberline Productions held their halftime spectacle for Super Bowl XXVI , the first-ever championship game hosted by Minnesota . The entertainment company apparently took one look at Minneapolis and thought , “ Whoa , snow ! '' Their creative impulses started and stopped with that realization .
Riding on a weak theme of “ Winter Magic , ” the show starts with cheesy ice graphics , revealing Olympic figure skaters Dorothy Hamill and Brian Boitano inviting you to Minnesota , “ where winter 's the hottest time of the year. ” The rest of the show unravels as if its creators based the entire production on that one pun .
After off-center cheerleaders hastily form into `` winter '' and `` magic , '' a big band breaks into a rendition of “ Winter Wonderland . `` It gets better ( worse ) : Kids rap about snowmen in “ Do the Frosty. ” Dancers storm the field in gaudy parachute pants . Players from the 1980 Miracle on Ice Olympic hockey team hold sparklers as Queen 's “ Do n't Stop Me Now ” plays for some reason . Then Gloria Estefan takes the stage . After dutifully singing ( lip-syncing ? ) along to karaoke versions of “ Live for Loving You ” and “ Get On Your Feet , ” they finish with a reprisal “ Winter Magic. ” No amount of frigid wonder and Gloria Estefan could keep viewers tuned into CBS for the halftime show , which got beat out in the ratings by a livespecial on FOX.Minneapolis ' Super Bowl XXVI halftime show was another dud in a string of late- ‘ 80s and early- ‘ 90s flops . Back then , the stage that Coldplay , Beyoncé , and Bruno Mars will rock Sunday was once dominated by the likes of George Burns , Mickey Rooney , the cult-like smile parade that is Up with People , and a lame magic trick from impersonator/magician Elvis Presto The next year , the NFL nixed Timberline and grabbed Michael Jackson for a guaranteed smash , ushering in the “ Retrain-Your-Bladder Era '' of Super Bowl halftime shows , to borrow the Washington Post 's framing . After the Metrodome game , the show turned into a star-studded cavalcade featuring everyone from Stevie Wonder to Britney Spears to the Red Hot Chili Peppers , ballooning every year into the overstimulating sharkfest we know and love today.Our dearly departed stadium never hosted the game again , but Minneapolis gained back a little halftime cred in 2007 , when Prince ripped through “ Purple Rain ” in a Miami downpour . The Super Bowl will return to Minnesota in 2018 at brand-new U.S. Bank Stadium . Let 's hope the stadium 's “ Built for the Bold ” theme leads to a better song-and-dance number than “ Winter Magic . ”
GENEVA : Switzerland 's first insect-based food aimed at humans will go on sale next week following a revision of the country 's food safety laws , a supermarket chain said Monday ( Aug 14 ) .
Switzerland 's second-largest supermarket chain , Coop , announced it would begin selling an insect burger , and insect balls , based on protein-rich mealworm .
The products , made by a Swiss start-up called Essento , will be available in a handful of Coop branches , including in Geneva , Bern and Zurich , as of August 21 , according to a statement .
Switzerland is the first European country to authorise the sale of insect-based food items for human consumption , a spokesperson for the country 's food safety authority told AFP .
Swiss food safety laws were changed last May to allow for the sale of food items containing three types of insects : crickets , grasshoppers and mealworms , which are the larval form of the mealworm beetle .
These insects , long used in animal feed , must be bred under strict supervision for four generations before they are considered appropriate for human consumption , according to Swiss law .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Local production will thus take a few months to get started .
In the meantime , imports are possible under strict conditions - the insects must be raised in accordance with the Swiss requirements at a company submitted to inspections by national food safety authorities .
WASHINGTON : North Korea 's recent rapid progress in developing a long-range missile appears to have come after it refurbished rocket engines procured from a plant in the former Soviet Union , according to an expert report published on Monday ( Aug 14 ) .
According to Michael Elleman of the International Institute for Strategic Studies , the missiles used in recent North Korean tests were based on the RD-250 engine once made at a plant in what is now an independent Ukraine .
These could have been bought from corrupt workers at arsenals in what are now the rival states of Russia and Ukraine and smuggled to North Korea by criminal networks - at some point between the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 and Ukraine 's current crisis .
North Korea has been testing missile technology since procuring a Soviet-designed Scud in the 1970s , but was until recently struggling to construct a working intercontinental missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead to US targets .
The latest IISS report and others suggest that Kim Jong-Un 's regime has abandoned attempts to modify the Russian-built OKB-456 and has now switched to the once Ukrainian-made RD-250 - with spectacular and ominous results .
During the Soviet era , the RD-250 was produced at the Yuzhnoye design bureau 's Yuzhmash plant in Dnipro , a city that is today in Kiev government-held central Ukraine , around 150 kilometres ( 80 miles ) from an active frontline held by Russian-backed separatists .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ukraine reacted angrily to The New York Times ' account of the IISS report - which emphasised the Ukrainian origin of the technology - insisting that Yuzhmash has not produced military rockets since Ukraine 's independence and has no links to North Korea 's nuclear missile programme .
But the report itself does not contradict this , suggesting instead that the missile motors may have remained in storage , whether in what is now the Russian Federation or in independent Ukraine , after the Soviet Union broke up .
`` A small team of disgruntled employees or underpaid guards at any one of the storage sites ... could be enticed to steal a few dozen engines by one of the many illicit arms dealers , criminal networks , or transnational smugglers operating in the former Soviet Union , '' it said .
`` The engines ( less than two meters tall and one meter wide ) can be flown or , more likely , transported by train through Russia to North Korea . ''
The report includes pictures issued by Kim 's regime which appear to show similarities between the latest missiles to be tested and the RD-250 design for a liquid-fuelled rocket .
`` This is not to suggest that the Ukrainian government was involved , and not necessarily Yuzhnoye executives , '' Elleman wrote in the IISS report .
`` Workers at Yuzhnoye facilities in Dnipropetrovsk and Pavlograd were likely the first ones to suffer the consequences of the economic misfortunes , leaving them susceptible to exploitation by unscrupulous traders , arms dealers and transnational criminals operating in Russia , Ukraine and elsewhere . ''
'OMINOUS QUESTIONS '
The Yuzhmash plant 's marketing department said the company `` has never before and does not have anything to do with North Korean missile programs of a space or defense nature . ''
And Oleksandr Turchynov , secretary of Ukraine 's national security and defense council , seized on the report to attack Moscow , saying : `` We believe this anti-Ukrainian campaign was provoked by Russian special services to cover their participation in North Korean nuclear and missile programs . ''
As the controversy erupted , Elleman took to Twitter to clarify their conclusions .
`` Let me be clear about DPRK 's source of ICBM engine : Yuzhnoye is one of several possible sources , there are other potentials in Russia , '' they wrote , adding that they do not believe the current Kiev government condoned or even knew about the transfer .
And they noted - as had their original report - that Ukraine had in fact arrested two suspected North Korean agents in July 2012 as they tried to steal secrets from the Yuzhnoye design bureau in Dnipro .
Other outside experts have backed the conclusion that the latest round of North Korean missile tests , which have sharply raised tensions between Pyongyang and Washington , involved rockets using the RD-250 design .
Last week , the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists published a report suggesting the switch to Yuzhnoye 's design over another Soviet-era model that had failed in previous North Korean tests was cause for concern .
This , the academic authors said , `` raises new and potentially ominous questions about the variety and extent to which Soviet rocket motors might have been obtained by North Korea during the collapse of the Soviet Union . ''
TOKYO : Asian shares fell on Tuesday after investors took profits in high-flying U.S. technology shares on fears of stiffer regulation as Facebook came under fire following reports it allowed improper access to user data .
The retreat came as investors braced for new Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell 's first policy meeting starting later in the day and amid concerns that U.S. President Donald Trump could impose additional protectionist trade measures .
`` U.S. tech indexes , including Nasdaq and Philadelphia semi-conductor index all hit record highs last week . So they were prone to profit-taking , '' said Mutsumi Kagawa , chief strategist at Rakuten Securities .
`` Shares will be capped by various uncertainties for now . Once those uncertainties are cleared , investors will shift their focus back to relatively attractive valuations , '' they added .
MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dropped 0.4 percent . Japan 's Nikkei fell 1.0 percent .
On Wall Street the S & P 500 lost 1.42 percent and the Nasdaq Composite 1.84 percent , both suffering their worst day in five weeks .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` Investors lightened their positions ahead of the Fed 's policy meeting . The markets are completely split on whether the Fed will project three rate hikes this year or four , '' said Hiroaki Mino , senior strategist at Mizuho Securities .
Facebook led the losses , tumbling 6.8 percent as the social media colossus faced demands from U.S. and European lawmakers to explain how a consultancy that worked on President Donald Trump 's election campaign gained improper access to data on 50 million Facebook users .
In addition , worries about the potential for a trade war cast a shadow after U.S. President Trump imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum .
The Trump administration is also expected to unveil up to US $ 60 billion in new tariffs on Chinese imports by Friday , targeting technology , telecommunications and intellectual property , two officials briefed on the matter said Monday .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
U.S. businesses were alarmed with several large U.S. retail companies , including Wal-Mart Inc and Target Corp , on Monday urging Trump not to impose massive tariffs on goods imported from China .
The sharp fall in share prices put a lid on long-term U.S. bond yields while short-dated yields rose ahead of an expected rate hike from the U.S. Federal Reserve after its two-day policy meeting starting on Tuesday .
The yield on 10-year Treasuries was little changed at 2.857 percent , 10 basis points below the four-year high of 2.957 percent touched a month ago .
But the yield on two-year notes hit a 9 1/2-year high of 2.32 percent on Monday as the Fed appears set to bump up its policy interest rates to 1.50-1.75 percent from the current 1.25-1.50 percent .
Still , with a Fed rate rise already fully priced in , the dollar barely gained from the prospect of a rate hike . Instead it was the euro that stole the spotlight after Reuters reported that European Central Bank officials were shifting their debate from bond purchases to the expected path of interest rates .
The euro rose to US $ 1.2345 , bouncing back from US $ 1.2258 hit the previous day .
The British pound hit one-month high of US $ 1.4088 after Britain and the European Union agreed to a 21-month post-Brexit transition period and a potential solution to avoid a `` hard border '' for Northern Ireland .
It was last at US $ 1.4037 .
The yen was little changed at 106.01 per dollar , with traders wary of any new developments in a cronyism scandal that has eroded support for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe .
Oil prices barely moved as investors remained wary of growing crude supply although tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran provided some support .
Brent crude futures traded at US $ 66.19 a barrel . U.S. West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) futures were US $ 62.16 a barrel .
( Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore )
The planned film will be shot in Hindi and dubbed into Malay and English .
Follow our new CNA LIFESTYLE page on Facebook for more trending stories and videos
SINGAPORE : In a case of real life inspiring reel life , a Bollywood producer is planning to make a movie on Dr Mahathir Mohamad 's return to office as Malaysia 's prime minister .
Advertisement
Tentatively titled Malaysia 's Saviour Mahathir , the movie will be shot in Hindi and dubbed into Malay and English .
Raman Kumar , 73 , told Bernama that the film would focus on how Dr Mahathir 's `` common sense , wisdom '' and their experience as prime minister from 1981 to 2003 won the nation 's votes for their campaign against anti-corruption .
A Pakatan Harapan-backed Dr Mahathir toppled the Barisan Nasional coalition headed by their predecessor and former protege Najib Razak at the May 9 general election .
“ I want to tell the intense story of the remaking of Malaysia after six decades of trials and tribulations , and the way Malaysians intensely felt the moment the opposition won , ” said Raman .
Advertisement
Advertisement
If Dr Mahathir were to appear in the film , it would not be their acting debut . In 2015 , the then-90-year-old prime minister appeared as themselves in the Malaysian sci-fi and history film Kapsul . The movie featured a business person who went back in time to the Japanese Occupation of 1942 after stealing and opening a time capsule . Dr Mahathir was one of the prime ministers the character met .
`` I have a small role . I 've never done any acting like this before . So I thought why not just go for it , '' said Dr Mahathir in The Star , after the Kapsul press preview . `` I just have to act as how I usually am in public . ''
Raman said they have engaged Malaysian journalist and associate professor M Krishnamoorthy to write the script . The producer , who resides in the United Kingdom , Mumbai and Malaysia , has produced 10 movies , including five in Malaysia , according to Bernama .
The ride-sharing group faces its biggest challenge to date – keeping its drivers , some of whom sleep in their car to make ends meet , says the Financial Times ' Leslie Hook .
SAN FRANCISCO : In the airport waiting lot in San Francisco , there 's one topic that always sets Uber drivers ' tongues wagging - where the best spots are to spend the night sleeping in the car .
There 's a McDonald 's just down the street that has a spacious parking lot , and drivers say they can stay there overnight , unbothered .
For those doing bar runs , there 's a Safeway in the Castro district with room to park , although security guards there recently started cracking down on drivers sleeping in their vehicles .
The parking lot of Planet Fitness , a gym , is also a popular spot , because drivers can easily take a shower in the morning .
`` It sucks . Uber made us do this , '' grumbles Edward , a driver who lives in central California and commutes 100 miles to work in San Francisco , often staying overnight in their car so that they can work as much as possible .
They moved to the US 10 years ago from Iraq , where they worked as a translator for the US army . They and some other Iraqi drivers share a pizza in the airport lot , waiting for their next ride .
Advertisement
Advertisement
THE PASSENGER , UBER 'S FOCUS
Ever since it was founded in 2009 , Uber has had a single-minded focus on one thing : The passenger .
As the company grew to more than 70 countries , and earned a valuation close to US $ 70 billion , passengers ' rides got better , faster and cheaper , with usage soaring as a result .
But during Uber 's years of breakneck growth , the drivers were left behind . Lawsuit piled upon lawsuit , alleging that drivers were misclassified , or that their pay was not calculated correctly .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
The Uber logo is seen on a vehicle near Union Square in San Francisco , California on May 7 , 2015 . ( Photo : REUTERS/Robert Galbraith )
Meanwhile lots of drivers voted with their feet . Nearly half of Uber drivers in the US quit in less than a year , according to company statistics collected from 2013 to 2015 .
More and more have started driving for rival Lyft , which has been gaining market share in the US , partly thanks to its pro-driver reputation .
Even Uber executives have started to admit there is a problem . `` These drivers are our most important partners . But historically we have n't done the best job of honouring that partnership , '' said Aaron Schildkrout , head of driver product at Uber , in June .
This summer , the company launched a campaign to try and repair the frayed relationship .
Over the past eight months , Uber has been engulfed in a corporate drama that is unlike anything Silicon Valley has ever seen . Its former chief executive Travis Kalanick was ousted by investors in June , leaving the company leaderless until Dara Khosrowshahi was appointed in August .
They have quickly had to put out one fire after another , including a decision by London 's transport authority to revoke Uber 's licence in its most important European market and the departure of its head of northern Europe .
Last week , Uber 's board unanimously approved sweeping governance changes that will reduce Mr Kalanick 's influence , and lay the groundwork for a major investment deal led by SoftBank .
That deal would strip `` supervoting '' shareholders of their extra voting rights , a highly unusual move , and helps cement Mr Khosrowshahi 's leadership .
This file photo taken on Jan 11 , 2016 shows Travis Kalanick , former CEO of the global ridesharing service Uber . Despite their resignation , Uber 's financial engines are humming . ( Photo : AFP/WANG Zhao )
Equally radical changes are under way inside the company , where revelations about harassment and the departure of many top executives have led to soul-searching and low morale .
TURNING OVER A NEW LEAF
It is against this chaotic backdrop that the company is trying to turn over a new leaf with its drivers .
In a broad sense , drivers are the biggest costs for every Uber fare . In the second quarter of this year , Uber 's global fares hit US $ 8.7 billion , and about US $ 7 billion of that went to drivers . The company 's losses narrowed to US $ 645 million in the quarter .
Uber has more than 2 million drivers around the world , and its flexible , work-when-you-want platform is seen by some as pioneering a new model for the future of employment .
The company does have some converts among its drivers .
Victor Liuzzi , a former cab driver , says they like driving for Uber because they can make twice as much as they did in a taxi . `` Now I work on my own schedule , '' they say as they take a break to clean their windshield , recalling the days when they used to get up at 3am to fetch their taxicab . `` There is freedom , there is more money . ''
Uber drivers hold their cell phones showing the queue to pick up passengers departing Guarulhos International Airport in São Paulo , Brazil on Feb 13 , 2017 . ( Photp : REUTERS/Nacho Doce )
MAKING LESS
One benefit of the system is that pretty much anyone can sign up to work , as long as they can drive and pass the background check , making Uber an employer of last resort for many .
But the system 's costs have been much less well-understood - particularly by drivers .
As independent contractors , drivers are responsible for keeping track of expenses , filing taxes and all the paperwork of running a small business in the US . Many of them say they have not filed tax returns for their Uber earnings , and most do not keep track of their net income .
Ronnie Fernandez , who has been driving for Uber since 2015 , was recently hit with a US $ 5,000 tax bill from their previous Uber earnings that they could ill-afford , as they work to support four college-age children .
Mr Fernandez , who is looking for another job , says low pay is the drivers ' biggest problem . `` If you compare all your costs , the gas you buy , the maintenance , the oil changes , you are not making money , '' they say .
Because Uber drivers are not employees , they are not entitled to San Francisco 's minimum wage of US $ 14 an hour - and most say that , after costs , they are making less than that .
Harry Campbell , who drives for Uber and Lyft and runs a consulting service , The Rideshare Guy , says : `` The average driver does n't have a great sense of what their costs are . ''
The drivers that struggle most with the system are usually those who are in a precarious situation to begin with , and have the fewest opportunities to find other work . Uber has tried to make it as easy as possible for anyone to start driving - the company even offers debit cards to help drivers fill up their tanks .
`` Recently I have n't had the extra money for my gas , '' explains Anthony who lives in San Jose . They rely on the Uber gas debit card , which allows them to spend up to US $ 200 on petrol , and deducts it from their earnings .
`` That gets expensive because you do n't think about how much you are using , '' they explain . `` The next thing you know they are snatching US $ 200 out of there , and you are like , 'What ? ' So it becomes a disappointing thing . ''
An Uber taxi driver sits in their car on Mar 9 , 2016 . ( Photo : REUTERS/Noor Khamis )
Anthony often drives around Silicon Valley , picking up tech workers from Google and Facebook who choose to take an Uber home after work , or doing late-night restaurant runs for UberEats . But a few weeks ago they had to stop driving because their car registration expired and they did not have the $ 350 needed to update it .
They got a job painting churches in the meantime . `` I kinda miss my Uber driving , '' they say .
TRANSACTIONAL RELATIONSHIP
On top of concerns over pay , many drivers express a wider frustration . `` In the past it always felt like I was just a number on a spreadsheet to Uber , '' says Mr Campbell . `` It felt like a very transactional relationship . ''
Uber has been trying to fix some of these problems . A campaign has introduced new features such as compensating drivers for time spent waiting , adding a 24/7 helpline and paying extra for carpool rides . Uber also added a tipping option to the app , following its rival Lyft .
Senior Uber executives say this is part of an effort to change its rider-focused mindset . `` The system kept getting more efficient , and we gave all the upside to the consumers . Drivers ' earnings were flat . That 's not right , '' says one former Uber executive .
The changes , which have delivered a small boost to driver earnings , are in part a response to the inroads made by Lyft . `` It used to be that Uber was winning this race by having more drivers on the road , '' says Max Wolff , chief economist at Disruptive Technology Advisers , a boutique bank .
`` But as the rideshare consumer becomes more sophisticated , they become more tuned into the quality of the experience , not the quantity of cars . '' This means it is important for ride-hailing companies to not only have the most drivers , but also to have the best .
Forces outside of Uber could bring about even bigger change , as multiple employment lawsuits argue that Uber drivers should be classified as employees or workers , rather than independent contractors .
Drivers have mixed feelings about their status . `` The whole 'independent contractor ' thing is b * * * s * * * , '' says Oneyda Oliveira , who has been driving for Uber on and off for a year , and previously worked as an executive assistant .
`` Uber completely manipulates the platform . They control everything . If you cancel a ride , if you accept a ride , everything is based on ratings . And they deactivate you without warning , '' they say .
Uber drivers are currently paid for each ride and are considered self-employed which means they are not entitled to benefits including paid holidays . ( Photo : AFP/Ben Fathers )
Several drivers say that sense of control is heightened by the way the app starts to govern their every move as it tells them where to go and who to pick up .
`` It gets to a point where the app sort of takes over your motor functions in a way , '' says Herb Coakley , a longtime driver who developed an app that helps drivers simultaneously drive for both Uber and Lyft .
`` It becomes almost like a hypnotic experience , '' they explain . `` You can talk to drivers and you 'll hear them say things like , ‘ I just drove a bunch of Uber pools for two hours , I probably picked up 30 to 40 people and I have no idea where I went ' . ”
`` In that state , they are literally just listening to the sounds ( of their Uber apps ) . Stopping when they said stop , pick up when they say pick up , turn when they say turn . You get into a rhythm of that , and you begin to feel almost like an android , '' they say .
Adding to the feeling of control is the way that Uber uses an ever-changing set of bonus targets that are designed to get drivers to complete just a couple more rides .
Called `` quests '' , the bonus payments are at different levels for each driver , as Uber 's algorithms assess what sort of financial incentive might lure each individual to work just a bit more .
Full-time drivers in San Francisco say they rely on bonuses to make ends meet - incentive payments can be worth 25 to 30 per cent of their weekly earnings .
But hitting the goals can be demanding , often requiring long hours in the car , seven days a week .
Ms Oliveira says they are rarely able to hit the lucrative bonuses . Still , they keep driving . `` Uber became my life , '' they sigh . `` You just get addicted to it . ''
They even find themselves compulsively checking the app when she 's not working . `` It 's frustrating , but we need the job . ''
© 2017 The Financial Times Ltd 2017 . All rights reserved . Not to be redistributed , copied or modified in any way .
`` He admitted that they had used Facebook to have sexually explicit chats with the girls , '' the document said , `` that they directed them to make videos of themselves dancing in a sexually explicit way and instructed them on what to wear , say , and do in the videos , including performing sexual acts , knowing that they were 14 to 15 years old ; that they requested that they send the sexually explicit videos to him , either via Facebook or Apple 's iMessage service ; and that they received the videos , viewed them , and masturbated while watching them . ''
According to a charging document unsealed Tuesday and posted online , Jones ' home was searched Monday and they were interviewed by Homeland Security Investigations .
Jones , of Bloomington , Ill. , was arrested Monday at O'Hare International Airport and charged in federal court Tuesday in Chicago , the Chicago Tribune reported . The singer 's videos have been viewed millions of times on YouTube , and they have more than 200,000 followers on Twitter . They were returning to O'Hare after an international tour .
Austin Jones , a 24-year-old singer popular on YouTube and social media , has been charged with two felony counts of production of child pornography for allegedly persuading underage fans to prove their devotion to them by sending graphic videos shot to their specifications .
The victims were encouraged to state their accurate ages multiple times in the videos while `` clapping '' the cheeks of their buttocks , the document said . In 10 of 15 videos sent by Victim A and eight of 25 videos sent by Victim B , the victims were sexually exposed , the document said .
`` [ Do ] you realize how lucky you are ? ! ? ! , '' Jones told Victim B in a Facebook chat , the document said . `` I seriously should n't even be talking to you .... ''
Jones ' Facebook account was shut down May 15 , according to the document .
This is n't the first time videos the singer solicited from fans have been problematic for him .
Two years ago , a petition on change.org sought to have Jones removed from a concert tour because they asked their young fans to send them videos of themselves twerking . In an apology video that year , Jones admitted asking for the videos and said they were `` embarrassed '' by the accusations that they had young fans do the suggestive dance .
`` I 'd have conversations online with girls that would involve me asking them to create a video of themselves twerking , '' Jones said . `` Sometimes I 'd make videos of myself doing some twerk moves in return . Here 's the truth : I NEVER asked them to do anything more than send a twerking video . Nothing EVER went beyond that . ''
In explaining why they had asked for the earlier videos , they also talked about considering killing himself , said they had been hospitalized for `` suicidal tendencies '' after that scandal broke , and spoke extensively about their troubled childhood .
`` Asking fans for those things , it was because I was desperate for attention , '' Jones said in the 2015 video , embedded below . `` I was desperate for reassurance . I wanted to feel good about myself . At the time , I thought it was just fun and goofy . I was young . I was stupid . I was n't thinking clearly .
`` Over time , I 've began to see it was wrong and I should n't have done it . ''
Fashion chain H & M has reported slowing sales growth after it faced a tough start to May across a number of its international markets .
The retail giant said sales rose 4 % last month on a constant currency basis , down from growth of 7 % in April .
This left overall second quarter sales growth to the end of May at 5 % .
But H & M was boosted as currency movements flattered its earnings , with total second quarter sales excluding VAT up 10 % at 51.4 billion Swedish crowns ( £4.6 billion ) .
H & M , which has nearly 4,500 stores worldwide , said : `` In the first half of the month sales were affected by tough market conditions in several countries .
`` Sales improved considerably in the second half of the month . ''
Its performance comes after bigger rival Inditex , which owns fast fashion chain Zara , posted figures on Wednesday showing constant current sales jumped 12.5 % in its quarter to May 1 .
H & M said it had expanded its global store base by 421 in the year to May to 4,498 .
Adam Tomlinson , a retail analyst at Liberum , said : `` In our view , the push for space growth is coming at the expense of margins . ''
SINGAPORE : The AG600 - said to be the world 's largest seaplane - will be making its maiden flight in the first half of 2017 , Chinese state media said on Wednesday ( Feb 15 ) .
The amphibious aircraft 's four engines successfully passed a series of rigorous tests between Feb 11 and 14 , after rolling off a production line in the southern city of Zhuhai last July .
Its maker the state-owned Aviation Industry Corporation of China ( AVIC ) had told Xinhua that the AG600 is 37 metres long with a wingspan of 38.8 metres .
It is by far the world 's largest amphibious aircraft , about the size of a Boeing 737 , AVIC 's deputy general manager Geng Ruguang said .
It was designed for fighting forest fires and performing marine rescue missions , said Xinhua , with excellent maneuverability and a relatively wide range of search scope .
The aircraft has a maximum take-off weight of 53.5 tonnes , can collect 12 tonnes of water in 20 seconds and is capable of rescuing up to 50 people far offshore .
In the July report , Xinhua also cited chief designer Huang Lingcai as saying that the AG600 is `` like a ship that can fly , with advanced gas-water dynamic engineering and underwater corrosion resistance technology '' .
Huang added that the aircraft is `` the latest breakthrough in China 's aviation industry , which demonstrates an overall improvement of China 's national strength and research capacity '' .
The Benue State Government has dispelled as mere rumour , allegation that it had diverted the bailout funds meant to pay salaries of local government staff .
Special Adviser to Governor Samuel Ortom on Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs Mr. Titus Zam who denied the allegation while briefing newsmen at a press briefing to highlight their three years scorecard said nobody had been able to prove that over three N3 billion was diverted under their watch .
“ There is no proof that N3billion was diverted neither has any security agency invited me for questioning . We have instead saved over N2billion . Staff of Taraku Mill who took us to court have no business with local government . They procured judgement and our account has been garnished . We have however , appealed the judgement and hope to get justice at the end . ”
Zam explained further that payment of genuine local government staff was ongoing when workers of Taraku Mills who have no business with local government affairs went to court and secured judgement against the Bureau which has already been appealed .
They also intimated that new Toyota Hilux vehicles were purchased at the cost of N19 million each for the 23 local government chairpeople , adding that payment for the vehicles have been spread in three installments .
The Special Adviser noted further that government had continued to ensure stability in the chieftaincy institution in the State with the installation of 10 first class chiefs and 44 second class chiefs , stressing that since the assumption of office of the present administration , no chief has been deposed .
# tbt to last night , when I got one last chance to shout back “ yeah-ey-yeah ” while a band I love plays this song . Thanks , @ dbtph , @ dbtrockshow and especially @ tompettyofficial . . . . . . . . # drivebytruckers # newportmusichall # thewaiting # tompetty # concert # columbus # columbusohio # asseenincolumbus # lifeincbus
A post shared by Josh Wright ( @ jwright442 ) on Oct 5 , 2017 at 3:35pm PDT
So , you 're taking a road trip for the Fourth of July weekend , and you 're about to leave the state .
Do you fill up on gas now , or do you wait to fill up after you cross the border ?
Making the wrong decision could cost you more than $ 10 a tank , depending on where you 're heading .
`` Watch out for those state lines , '' says Patrick DeHaan , senior petroleum analyst at fuel-station-finding app GasBuddy .
Gas prices averaged $ 2.86 per gallon Tuesday , according to AAA , hitting a four-year high for Independence Day travel .
Here 's some advice before you head out – all prices according to GasBuddy :
1 . Fill up in Arizona , not California
The price disparity between these two states is extreme .
Arizona averaged $ 3.06 per gallon as of Tuesday , while California averaged $ 3.73 , according to GasBuddy .
At those prices , a 15-gallon fill-up is $ 10.06 more expensive in California .
2 . Fill up in Texas , not New Mexico
If you 're road-tripping in the Southwest , price differences can be significant . This is another good example .
The price of fuel in Texas , where oil refineries are clustered , averaged $ 2.66 on Tuesday . In New Mexico , it was $ 2.91 .
That means you 'd save $ 3.75 in Texas on a 15-gallon tank .
3 . Fill up in Louisiana , not Texas
But Texas is more expensive than Louisiana , which is also a hot spot for refineries .
Prices averaged $ 2.59 in Louisiana on Tuesday , compared with $ 2.66 in Texas .
Generally , though , `` anywhere in the South '' is a good place to fill up , DeHaan said . `` They 're right in oil 's backyard . Plus , low taxes . ''
4 . Fill up in Ohio , not Michigan
Ohio is much more forgiving on the pocketbook than its rival to the north .
With prices averaging $ 2.79 on Tuesday , Ohio was sharply lower than Michigan 's $ 2.96 .
5 . Fill up in Virginia , not West Virginia
Going white-river rafting in West Virginia ? Sounds fun .
But fill up first in Virginia , where prices are 21 cents lower at $ 2.61 .
6 . Fill up in West Virginia , not Pennsylvania
West Virginia does n't look so bad when you see prices in Pennsylvania , which averaged $ 3.01 on Tuesday , compared with West Virginia 's $ 2.82 .
7 . Fill up in Massachusetts , not Connecticut
At $ 2.91 , Massachusetts is n't exactly an oasis of cheap gas .
But it 's still cheaper than neighboring Connecticut at $ 3.08 .
8 . Fill up in South Carolina , not North Carolina
North Carolina is 14 cents higher at $ 2.66 .
Come to think of it , fill up in South Carolina no matter where you 're heading . It 's the cheapest gas state in the country , according to GasBuddy .
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
State school pupils may be lowering their chances of winning an Oxbridge place by applying for the most popular subjects .
Figures suggest that state-educated sixth-formers are more likely to apply for the most over-subscribed courses at the prestigious institutions than those who attend fee-paying schools , while privately educated youngsters are more likely to apply for the least over-subscribed .
One charity said that privately educated pupils may be `` gaming the system '' , while private school leaders argued that they offer a wide range of subjects that are useful to many Oxbridge subjects .
Figures given to the Press Association show that last year , 30.7 % of applications from UK state school students were for the five most over-subscribed subjects at Cambridge , compared to 28.4 % of private school applications .
The five most over-subscribed subjects were Computer Science , Economics , Engineering , Psychological and Behavioural Studies , and Human , Social and Political Sciences .
In comparison , around a fifth ( 19.5 % ) of UK independent school applications were for Cambridge 's five least over-subscribed subjects ( Classics , Music , Modern Languages , History and Geography ) , compared to around one in eight ( 12.4 % ) of all state school applications .
Data published by Oxford shows that `` s tate applicants ' success rate is affected by subject choice '' with UK students applying `` disproportionately for the most over-subscribed subjects '' .
Between 2014 and 2016 , on average , around a third ( 34 % ) of UK state school applications were for the prestigious institution 's five most over-subscribed subjects ( Economics and Management ; Medicine ; Philosophy , Politics and Economics ( PPE ) ; Law and Mathematics ) compared to just over one in four ( 28 % ) of private school applications .
In addition , the university said , state school students apply in `` disproportionately low numbers '' for the least over-subscribed subjects ( Classics , Music , Modern Languages , Chemistry and History ) .
Between 2014 and 2016 , almost a quarter ( 24 % ) of applications from UK privately educated students were for these courses , compared to just 17 % of all state school applications .
Sir Peter Lampl , chairperson of social mobility charity the Sutton Trust , said : `` It is concerning that state school pupils are more likely to choose subjects that are oversubscribed , reducing their chances of getting in .
`` Students should choose the subject that 's the best fit for them , rather than picking subjects to 'game the system ' .
`` It may be that independent schools are able to give better information and guidance about which course their pupils are likely to get in to .
`` Universities and state schools have to work together to make sure all young people have the support they need to navigate the broad range of subjects on offer .
`` State school students should have the same advice and guidance as those from independent schools when it comes to deciding which subjects to apply to . ''
But Peter Hamilton , of the Headmasters ' and Headmistresses ' Conference , which represents private school leaders , and head of Haberdashers ' Aske 's Boys ' School in Hertfordshire , said that the figures are explained by the `` range of sixth-form studies that different schools can offer and the breadth of high-level attainment that each school achieves '' .
`` In independent schools we are fortunate to be able to offer students an exceptionally wide choice at A-level and Pre-U ( specialist subject exams offered by one of Cambridge University 's exam boards ) , as well as the International Baccalaureate , '' they said .
`` These sixth-form studies map onto the same wide range of traditional subjects offered by Oxford and Cambridge , such as classics , music and modern languages .
`` In recent years our colleagues in state schools have had to limit subject choice and increase class sizes because of austerity .
`` This has had the effect of concentrating high attainment in state schools in a smaller set of disciplines which , in turn , generates high numbers of applications per place in certain Oxbridge subjects . ''
Dr Samina Khan , Oxford 's director of undergraduate admissions and outreach , said : `` Students from the state sector do tend to apply for Oxford 's most competitive courses , as well as the more vocational courses .
`` Much of our outreach work is aimed at giving state school students the best possible information and advice about both the Oxford admissions process and the range of careers open to Oxford graduates regardless of their chosen course . ''
Oxford received more than 19,000 applications last year and Cambridge around 16,750 .
The figures come in the week that teenagers across England , Wales and Northern Ireland receive their A-level results .
rawalpindi - Veterinary doctors and paraveterinary staff here on Wednesday staged protest rally and a sit-in outside Rawalpindi Press Club against Punjab government for non-provision of risk allowance .
The doctors and paraveterinary staff took out a rally from office of District Livestock at Shamsabad and reached outside the press club .
The protest rally was headed by Dr Waheed Sajid , President of Veterinary Doctors Association Rawalpindi and Javaid Akhtar Satti , President Punjab Para-Veterinary Staff .
The protestors were carrying placards and banners with slogans against the provincial government . The protest rally also caused a massive traffic jam on Benazir Bhutto Road .
Addressing the protesters , their representatives said that they were protesting against maltreatment of Punjab government towards their legal demands .
The vets were protesting against non-payment of monthly risk allowance approved by the government in 2014 . The allowance was to be paid to the vets , as they had to make contacts with animals that could lead to deadly diseases at times . Further , they were raising slogans against unavailability of Sunday as weekly off day for last one year . Their department had also not been allowing them to go on longer holidays for six months or more .
The livestock department has also stopped offering LPR to the employees nearing their retirements .
The paraveterinary staffers were up in arms against Punjab government for not promoting them and not revising their pay scales .
The employees of the livestock department also alleged that the government had been forcing them to sell animal fodder prepared by a specific private company . A senior veterinary doctor told media that the government had stored the fodder in vet hospitals and clinics . They said that in open market price of the specific fodder was Rs1,300 for every 37kg sack . They said that the government had provided 20kg sacks of the fodder each with price tag of Rs620 .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Atlanta Braves had dropped three straight before this week 's series against the Washington Nationals .
That only makes their rare series victory against the defending NL East champs even sweeter .
Julio Teheran earned their third consecutive victory , Kurt Suzuki homered and Atlanta defeated Washington 13-2 on Wednesday to take two of three from the Nationals .
“ It 's a tough place to win , ” manager Brian Snitker said . “ It 's a very good team and we were coming off a rough series at home . Guys responded well . We started swinging the bats and the bullpen did a great job . It was a good series for us . ”
Brandon Phillips had four hits and three RBIs for the Braves , who had dropped seven consecutive road series against the Nationals and had lost 23 of their last 25 games in Washington before this series . It was Atlanta 's first series victory at Washington since taking two during a three-game set April 4-6 , 2014 .
Teheran ( 6-4 ) matched a season-high with seven innings , allowing six hits and one walk while striking out three against a lineup that did not include resting regulars Anthony Rendon and Matt Wieters .
“ Even if I give up a homer or something , I just have to stay focused and execute pitches , ” Teheran said . “ That 's something I was doing really good — getting ahead in counts and throwing strike one . It was big today . ”
Washington lost its second consecutive series and finished 2-5 on its homestand .
“ It was a tough homestand , ” Washington manager Dusty Baker said . “ This is not the kind of homestand you want to exhibit in front of your home fans . ”
Atlanta was in control from the start against Washington starter Tanner Roark ( 6-4 ) , who gave up two runs before they recorded an out and three total in the first inning .
The Braves would add three more in the third , with Nick Markakis scoring from third after Nationals catcher Jose Lobaton 's pickoff attempt of Matt Kemp caught first baseman Ryan Zimmerman off guard and sailed into right field . Kemp was thrown out at third and left the game the following half-inning as a precaution after experiencing hamstring tightness .
After a walk to Matt Adams , Suzuki hit their fourth home run of the season to make it 6-2 .
Teheran yielded a two-run homer to Brian Goodwin in the second inning , but otherwise encountered little difficulty . They did not allow a runner past second base after Goodwin 's home run .
“ Julio pitched a really good game , ” Kemp said . “ He made one mistake but other than that they were money . ”
Roark surrendered nine hits while matching a season-high with seven runs allowed over five innings .
SUZUKI 'S BREAKOUT
Suzuki 's home run snapped an 0-for-19 slump . The catcher added a single in the seventh , securing their first multi-hit game since May 23 .
ALL IN THE FAMILY
The Nationals selected OF Darren Baker , the son of manager Dusty Baker , in the 27th round of the baseball draft . Darren Baker already holds a place in baseball lore ; as a 3-year-old bat boy during the 2002 World Series , they were swooped up by San Francisco 1B J.T . Snow to avoid injury at home plate .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Braves : The team announced INF Adonis Garcia underwent surgery Monday to repair ligament damage in their left ring finger . Garcia , who is hitting .247 with four homers and 16 RBIs , went on the DL June 7 and is expected to miss about two months .
Nationals : OF Chris Heisey , on the DL since May 24 with a ruptured right biceps , will not join the team on its trip to New York and Miami . “ He 's not close , I do n't think , ” Baker said . “ He 's not as close as they thought they were a couple weeks ago . That injury is a lot more serious than they and we thought it was . ”
UP NEXT
Braves : Rookie LHP Sean Newcomb ( 0-1 , 0.00 ) makes their second start as Atlanta opens a weekend series with Miami at home Friday .
Nationals : LHP Gio Gonzalez ( 5-1 , 2.91 ) seeks their third win in their last four starts as Washington begins a four-game series against the Mets .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Touro Synagogue Cantor David Mintz does n't think there has ever been Zydeco music composed for a Shabbat service . That bit of history will be made at the New Orleans congregation 's 26th annual Jazz Fest Shabbat , April 28 at 7:30 p.m.Sunpie and the Louisiana Sunspots will headline the service , which also features Mintz , the Panorama Jazz Band and the Touro Synagogue choir.Held the first Friday night of Jazz Fest , the service has become a must-stop for Jewish jazz enthusiasts , and the service generally has a packed house.For the last three years , Mintz has commissioned New York composer Toby Singer to do an original work for the service . A former High Holy Days music coordinator for Kahal Kadosh Beth Elohim in Charleston , Singer is doing a Zydeco version of “ Shiru L'Adonai Shir Chadash , ” “ Sing Unto the Lord a New Song. ” Mintz said “ This would indeed be a new song , and we 're really excited about it. ” In planning for Jazz Fest Shabbat , a frequent debate is whether to stick with local artists or go for national figures . “ To go Zydeco goes to our Louisiana roots , ” Mintz said.JazzFest Shabbat began in 1991 with Cantor Steve Dubov , with the New Orleans Klezmer All-Stars as the first guests.Headliners in recent years include Irma Thomas , Kermit Ruffins , Marcia Ball , John Boutte , Joe Krown , Walter Wolfman Washington and Russell Batiste Jr. Last year , Jon Cleary and the Absolute Monster Gentlemen were the guest artists.A veteran New Orleans musician , Bruce Sunpie Barnes worked for 30 years as a park ranger with the National Park Service . Born in Benton , Ark. , they dreamed in Creole as a child . They were an All-American college football player for Henderson State and played for the Kansas City Chiefs . They turned down an opportunity to continue in the Canadian Football League so they could play music and be in nature.He got a job with the Park Service at Jean Lafitte National Park , arriving in New Orleans in 1987 not knowing what to expect.His Delta harmonica style got them noticed , and they quickly made a name for himself . After having dreams of playing an accordion , they saw the accordion from their dream in a store , taught themselves how to play it and immediately landed a job that enabled them to pay off the instrument.By 1991 , they formed Sunpie and the Louisiana Sunspots , taking their name from Little Sunpie , what an aunt called them as a child when they hung around a musical uncle called Sunpie . Their band was one of just a few Zydeco bands in the area.A current member of the Paul Simon Band , they recently did a 58-city arena tour , Paul Simon and Sting Together.In 2015 they authored “ Talk That Music Talk , ” and they are Big Chief of the North Side Skull and Bone Gang , one of the oldest black Carnival groups.Jazz Fest Shabbat is free and open to the public , and will also be livestreamed online . Jazz Fest Shabbat Patrons will have dinner at 6 p.m. , receive VIP seats for the service and have an exclusive concert with Sunpie and the Louisiana Sunspots during dinner .
Gilas Pilipinas coach Chot Reyes tells team to finish stronger in coming knockout stages
A huge number of OFWs celebrated with Gilas Pilipinas on Sunday night after the Filipinos topped Group B in the Fiba Asia Cup and advanced to the quarterfinals outright .
But coach Chot Reyes was quick to remind their gung-ho wards that playing the way they did in a narrow 80-74 win over rugged Qatar , that they wo n't be able to get the job done when they clash with either Japan or many-time nemesis South Korea in the first round of the KO stages on Wednesday night .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ You all know that had we played Korea or Japan tonight , we would be headed home , ” Reyes told their players after they almost blew a 17-point lead and had to withstand a furious finish by the Qataris behind guard Mansour Elhadary .
“ No way we 'll win like that , ” Reyes was quoted in a story sent by the Samahang Basketbol ng Pilipinas , which is providing details of Gilas games with no Philippine-based publication sent to Beirut in Lebanon .
Using speed yet again to win a third straight game with the Filipinos playing without big men Christian Standhardinger and June Mar Fajardo , Gilas took command early and then had a crucial cold spell in the fourth that had the Qataris threatening .
Matthew Wright and Terrence Romeo quelled the last of those uprisings with timely hits from the outside . Wright finished with 25 points built around seven triples , while Romeo made their only two field goals of the night inside the final three minutes .
Meanwhile , Standhardinger , according to a report by TV5 's Jutt Sulit , will play on Wednesday “ pain or no pain ” as the Filipinos await the winner of the Korea-Japan match to be played at 11:30 p.m. ( Manila time ) on Monday .
“ No matter what , pain or no pain , I will play on Wednesday when it really counts , ” said the 6-foot-7 Filipino-German , who sat out their first game in two tournaments with Gilas because of a severe stiff neck and sore shoulder .
Standhardinger , who is averaging 15.5 points and 6.5 rebounds , said that the injury came after a rugged win over Iraq , when “ somebody hit me in the back and I heard it pop . ”
Korea has a history of inflicting a lot of heart-rending defeats on the Filipinos and they actually own a win the last time the two countries met very recently in the Jones Cup in Taipei .
That game had the Philippines making just 1-for-26 from three-point distance in an 83-72 defeat that took the Filipinos out of the title hunt in Taipei .
Gilas did n't shoot that bad against Qatar , but it had 17 turnovers and could n't play defense the way it could as Elhadary got away with 23 points and almost won it by themselves in the endgame .
PORTLAND , Ore. – Rescuers recovered the body of a 28-year-old climber from Hillsboro who died Sunday after falling about 2,500 feet on Mount Adams , the Yakima County Sheriff 's Office said .
Authorities identified the man as Alexander Edward . Crews set out at 2 a.m. Wednesday and returned with Edward 's body at around 4 p.m .
The body was at about 8,500 feet .
Edward was with two other people on the mountain when they noticed they are n't with them anymore and called for help , said sheriff 's office spokesperson Casey Schilperroot . Their companions said Edward had climbing experience .
It 's unclear what caused Edward to fall . Sgt . Randy Briscoe with the sheriff 's office said Edward was caught in some sort of slide , but was not buried . They fell from an estimated 11,000 feet .
© 2018 KGW
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Senators 3 , Penguins 2
W-B/Scranton 1 0 1 — 2 , Binghamton 1 2 0 — 3
1st Period-1 , W-B/Scranton , Gill 1 ( Porter ) , 3:09 . 2 , Binghamton , Akeson 1 ( Varone , Harpur ) , 7:51 ( PP ) . Penalties-Porter Wbs ( tripping ) , 7:23 .
2nd Period-3 , Binghamton , Akeson 2 ( Varone , Rumble ) , 1:11 . 4 , Binghamton , Robinson 7 ( Perron ) , 6:32 . Penalties-Carlisle Bng ( hooking ) , 17:42 .
3rd Period-5 , W-B/Scranton , Guentzel 18 ( Erixon ) , 8:09 ( PP ) . Penalties-Carlisle Bng ( holding the stick ) , 7:21 ; Archibald Wbs ( tripping ) , 11:41 .
Shots on Goal-W-B/Scranton 8-20-18-46 . Binghamton 13-6-7-26 .
Power Play Opportunities-W-B/Scranton 1 / 2 ; Binghamton 1 / 2 .
Goalies-W-B/Scranton , DeSmith 8-1-2 ( 26 shots-23 saves ) . Binghamton , Driedger 5-4-2 ( 46 shots-44 saves ) .
A-4,177
Referees-Peter MacDougall ( 45 ) .
Linesmen-Tom DellaFranco ( 71 ) , J.P. Waleski ( 14 ) .
Three stars
1 . Senators G Chris Driedger — 44 saves
2 . Senators RW Jason Akeson — two goals
3 . Senators C Phil Varone — two assists
By the numbers
9 — games since a Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins player has been in a fight . Pat McGrath had the last one on Dec. 10 at Hershey against Liam O'Brien .
Penguins lineup
F – Sahir Gill-Kevin Porter-Tom Kostopoulos
Jake Guentzel-Jean-Sebastien Dea-Dominik Simon
Garrett Wilson-Oskar Sundqvist-Josh Archibald
Tom Sestito-Teddy Blueger-Ryan Haggerty
D – Derrick Pouliot-Lukas Bengtsson
Tim Erixon-Stuart Percy
Cameron Gaunce-Ethan Prow
G – Casey DeSmith
Doug Carr
Healthy scratches – Reid Gardiner , Danny Kristo , Barry Goers , Jarrett Burton , Pat McGrath
Injury report
Thomas Di Pauli ( upper-body , out six-to-eight weeks ) ; Carter Rowney ( upper-body ; week-to-week )
Up next
The Penguins are off until Tuesday , when they 'll play host to the Hartford Wolf Pack at Mohegan Sun Arena . Puck drop is set for 7:05 p.m .
— Seth Lakso , Staff Writer
Apple Inc on Monday confirmed it had reached a deal to acquire Shazam Entertainment Ltd , the U.K.-based app that lets users identify songs by pointing a smart phone at the audio source .
SAN FRANSICO : Apple Inc on Monday confirmed it had reached a deal to acquire Shazam Entertainment Ltd , the U.K.-based app that lets users identify songs by pointing a smart phone at the audio source .
Apple did not give a price for the acquisition . Technology news website TechCrunch reported the deal on Friday with a price of as much as US $ 400 million , far short of the most recent US $ 1 billion valuation for privately held Shazam .
Apple said Shazam would be a “ natural fit ” with its Apple Music streaming service and it would help users discover new songs . Apple Music has 27 million users and competes against Spotify Ltd , which has 60 million users . Apple said Shazam 's team would be joining the Cupertino company .
In a statement , Apple spokesperson Tom Neumayr said Shazam “ is used by hundreds of millions of people around the world , across multiple platforms . ... We have exciting plans in store , and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today 's agreement . ”
Apple did not elaborate on its plans , but the company will not be able to make any major changes to Shazam until it secures regulatory approval .
Shazam is also available on Android-based devices , but Apple did not say whether it would keep the Android version available . Shazam ended support for a version of its software that runs on Microsoft Corp 's Windows PCs earlier this year .
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Reporting by Stephen Nellis in San Francisco ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
The Los Angeles Chargers have bolstered their offensive line with one of the NFL 's most decorated centers .
The Bolts have agreed to terms with former Dolphins star Mike Pouncey on a two-year contract , the team announced Monday . NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reports Pouncey 's pact is worth $ 15 million .
Los Angeles was Pouncey 's lone free-agent visit since gaining their release from Miami last Thursday . Their signing fills one of the few areas of need on a relatively loaded Chargers roster .
Although Philip Rivers enjoyed one of the lowest sack rates in the league , that was due in large part to their own pre-snap adjustments and uncanny ability to beat the blitz . The blocking woes were more noticeable in the stunted ground attack , which struggled to gain consistency throughout the 2017 season .
Rivers now has the luxury of a three-time Pro Bowl selection at center , sandwiched by the promising second-year guard tandem of Forrest Lamp and Dan Feeney .
Set up for success behind an improved line , Melvin Gordon is a strong bounce-back candidate in 2018 .
WASHINGTON : The US Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate by a quarter point to 1.0-1.25 % on Wednesday ( Jun 14 ) and signalled another increase remains likely this year , despite the recent spate of weak economic data .
In explaining the second rate hike of 2017 , the Fed noted that `` the labour market has continued to strengthen and that economic activity has been rising moderately so far this year . ''
But the US central bank acknowledged that the preferred inflation measure will remain below the two percent target for some time .
The Fed 's quarterly projections show they still anticipate making a third rate increase this year , with the median federal funds rate ending 2017 at 1.4 per cent .
That would be followed by three rate increases in 2018 and three more in 2019 , with the key rate at 2.9 per cent by the end of that period .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Analysts in recent weeks have become increasingly doubtful the Fed will indeed go ahead with a third rate increase later this year , as inflation , consumption and other economic data have indicated the weakness seen in the first quarter has continued .
However , the statement from the Fed 's policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee repeated that it still believes `` with gradual adjustments in the stance of monetary policy , economic activity will expand at a moderate pace , and labor market conditions will strengthen somewhat further . ''
DISSENT
The decision came just hours after government data was released showing the Consumer Price Index fell further from the two per cent target in May , and retail sales declined , pushing Fed futures markets to put the chances for another rate increase this year to below 50 per cent .
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen was holding a press conference to explain the decision further , and observers will look for justification of the Fed 's confidence .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
One FOMC member , Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank President Neel Kashkari , dissented , voting against the rate hike , preferring to keep policy on hold for now .
In their quarterly projections , Fed officials saw the economy growing slightly faster than previously forecast , with GDP up 2.2 per cent this year , a tenth of a percentage point higher than in March , but unemployment and inflation now seen lower .
The estimate for the central bank 's preferred measure of inflation , the PCE price index , was cut three-tenths to 1.6 per cent , while the core PCE , which excludes volatile food and energy prices , was cut two-tenths to 1.7 per cent , according to the Summary of Economic Projections .
In the policy statement , the FOMC said : `` Inflation on a 12-month basis is expected remain somewhat below two per cent in the near term but to stabilise around the committee 's two per cent objective over the medium term . ''
The Fed now sees the unemployment rate ending the year at 4.3 per cent , where it sits currently , rather than the 4.5 per cent previously expected .
The central bank also confirmed that it will begin later this year to implement a plan to reduce the size of its investment holdings , which were built up to record levels during the financial crisis to help support the economy , especially once interest rates reached zero .
As long as the economy `` evolves broadly as expected , '' the plan `` would gradually reduce the Federal Reserve 's securities holdings . ''
By Emmett Berg
| SAN FRANCISCO
SAN FRANCISCO A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc ( UPS.N ) package-sorting centre in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.The victims , like the gunman , were also company drivers , said Steve Gaut , head of investor relations at UPS . The man opened fire while the workers were gathered for their daily morning meeting before they were due to head out on their delivery routes , they added . Two other people were taken to an area hospital with gunshot wounds , San Francisco police said . Authorities did not immediately identify the gunman or the victims.Police offered no explanation as to a possible motive for the shooting . But Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told a news conference the shooting was not an act of terrorism.Police recovered two firearms from the UPS facility , including the murder weapon , which they described as an `` assault pistol . ''
The UPS facility , which employs about 350 workers in the city 's Potrero Hill area , was initially placed under a security lockdown as a precaution.The gun violence there erupted hours after another , unrelated mass shooting at a charity baseball practice in the suburbs of the nation 's capital left a member of congress and several others wounded before the assailant was killed by police . `` We are always saddened by the loss of life to gun violence . Any shooting is one shooting too many , '' San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee said on Twitter .
Gaut said the facility 's employees were dismissed from work once the lockdown was lifted and that most had since left the building . The company is providing trauma and grief counselling . Video footage from the scene showed a massive police presence near the facility , with workers being escorted outside and embracing one another on the sidewalk .
`` Our thoughts and prayers are with all those touched by this incident , '' UPS said in a statement . A similar statement of condolence was issued by James Hoffa , president of the Teamsters union that represents UPS workers . The San Francisco bloodshed came three years after a UPS employee shot and killed two of their supervisors before turning the gun on themselves at a UPS distribution centre in Birmingham , Alabama . That gunman had recently been fired from the facility . The deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history occurred in June 2016 when a gunman claiming allegiance to the Islamic State militant group killed 49 people at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando , Florida.Gun laws in the United States rank among the most permissive of any developed country , with the right to `` keep and bear arms '' enshrined in the Constitution 's Second Amendment . Efforts to tighten national gun control measures failed after mass shootings at an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut , in 2012 and the nightclub shooting in Orlando . ( Additional reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles , Patrick Enright in Seattle and Nick Carey in Detroit ; Writing by Jon Herskovitz and Steve Gorman ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
- Advertisement -
One of China 's largest state-owned automakers has said it will phase out sales of all petrol vehicles by 2025 , as Beijing considers taking all fuel-burning cars off the country 's roads .
Beijing Automotive Group Co ( BAIC ) chairperson Xu Heyi said over the weekend the company will phase out sales of conventional cars in Beijing by 2020 and nationwide by 2025 , according to the official Xinhua news agency .
The decision only applies to cars the company makes itself and will not affect vehicles it makes in partnership with South Korea 's Hyundai and Germany 's Daimler .
The news comes as Beijing debates a nationwide ban , though a date for entirely eliminating petrol vehicles has yet to be announced .
For now China has put in place a series of carrots and sticks to compel carmakers to produce more fuel-efficient and eventually petrol-free cars as it looks to clean up its smog-choked cities .
- Advertisement -
Authorities will implement a complex quota system in 2019 requiring makers to produce a minimum number of electric cars .
Beijing originally wanted to start enforcing the rule in 2018 , but delayed its implementation by a year after Germany and some foreign firms raised concerns .
But as the new direction has been made clear , foreign automakers have ramped up plans to make electric vehicles in China .
Volkswagen is establishing a joint venture with state-owned JAC Motors to make electric vehicles , aiming to get the first electric car to market by next year .
US car giant Ford envisages that 70 percent of all its cars available in China will have electric options by 2025 . Last week it announced a $ 756 million investment with its Chinese joint venture to produce electric cars .
Volvo plans to introduce its first 100 percent electric car in China in 2019 .
Bollywood 's original bad boy , Sanjay Dutt , has lived an off-screen life that is the stuff of movies , with sorrow , scandal and salaciousness to satiate the most vicarious souls . Small wonder then , that the news of their upcoming biopic has got everyone 's ears pricked.After much speculation , the first look teaser of Rajkummar Hirani 's Dutt biopic is expected to release later today , during an IPL match at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai . The full trailer of the film will release on April 27 along with Hollywood film Avengers : Infinity War.The film has been produced by Fox Star Hindi , a sister company of Hollywood giant 21st Fox Century which got acquired by Disney earlier this year . This development might have prompted the makers to attach the trailer to Avengers : Infinity War , cashing on the hype of probably Marvel 's biggest film so far.Ranbir Kapoor will play the conflicted artiste , and the film also stars Anushka Sharma , Sonam Kapoor , Dia Mirza and Manisha Koirala in key roles . Apart from the teaser and trailer , the makers are also expected to release the making video snippets of the film and characters to intrigue audiences . The film is scheduled to release on June 29.Check out Hirani 's tweet on the same below :
In this file photo taken on March 6 , 2018 a general view shows the main entrance to Salisbury District Hospital in Salisbury , southern England .
CHRIS J RATCLIFFE , AFP/Getty Images
LONDON — British police declared a major incident Wednesday after a man and a woman were exposed to a nerve agent close to the city of Salisbury , where a Russian former spy and their daughter were poisoned with the same chemical four months ago .
Emergency services were called to the town of Amesbury in Wiltshire county in southern England , after the pair , both in their 40s , were found unconscious in a property Saturday evening .
“ They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure . . . They are both in a critical condition , ” Wiltshire Police said in a statement .
Police said the two were initially thought to have used heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs . After more tests , police said the pair were exposed to nerve agent Novichok , the same material used on the ex-spy , the Associated Press reported .
British tabloid newspaper The Sun reported that the two were poisoned and that samples were sent to Porton Down , the nearby government laboratory , for testing .
The Sun reported that security chiefs fear that they could have been poisoned with same batch of Soviet-developed nerve agent used on Sergei Skripal , 66 , and their daughter Yulia , 33 , who were found unresponsive on a bench about 10 miles away in Salisbury on March 4 .
More : Former Russian spy Sergei Skripal discharged from hospital after poisoning
Related : Yulia Skripal says nerve agent recovery slow and painful
London 's Metropolitan Police Service said that counterterrorism officers were working with local police on the investigation , “ given the recent events in Salisbury . ''
The places the Amesbury pair — whose identities were n't immediately released — frequented before they became ill have been cordoned off in Amesbury and Salisbury as a precaution and police patrols have increased . The Sun reported that they are not known to have any links to Russia or security services .
Public health officials said there is not believed to be a significant health risk to the public , but this “ will be continually assessed as further information becomes known . ”
More : Who is Sergei Skripal ? Russian spy found unconscious in English park sparks intrigue
Britain says the Skripals were poisoned with Novichok nerve agent and blames Russia . The Kremlin denies any responsibility . Sergei Skripal was jailed in Russia in 2006 for passing state secrets to Britain . They were released as part of a spy swap in 2010 and moved to Salisbury .
That poisoning incident has soured relations between Russia and many British allies including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats on both sides .
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital in April and their father was discharged from the same hospital in May . Both were taken to an undisclosed location for their protection .
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
An 18-year-old herdsman , Mohammadu Suraju , whose cattle destroyed a N4 million cassava farm , on Wednesday appeared before an Ado Ekiti Chief Magistrates ' Court .
The accused is facing a charge of destruction of farm crops .
The Police Prosecutor , Insp Johnson Okunade , told the court that the accused committed the offence on May 15 at Igede Farm Settlement .
They alleged that the accused unlawfully grazed their cattle on the farmland belonging to Mr Andy Ochumba and destroyed cassava valued at N4 million .
The offence contravened ‎Sections 2 and 7 of the Prohibition of Cattle and other Ruminants Grazing in Ekiti State ( as amended ) of 2018 .
The prosecutor had requested the court to remand the accused and asked for adjournment to enable them ‎to study the case file and present their witnesses at the next hearing date .
The accused pleaded not guilty to the charge and their lawyer , Mr Chris Omokhafe , urged the court to grant them bail with a promise that they would be of good conduct and would not jump bail .
Magistrate Adesoji Adegboye , in their ruling , granted the accused bail in the sum of N250,000 with one surety in like sum .
They adjourned the case until July 13 for hearing .
North Charleston police are investigating a reported shooting Thursday morning .
Charleston County Consolidated Dispatch confirmed police , fire and EMS responded to a reported shooting in the 2000 block of Arbutus Avenue .
Dispatchers say the call came in at approximately 5:01 a.m. and say one person is being treated .
The extent of injuries is not known .
This is a developing story . Check back for additional information .
Copyright 2017 WCSC . All rights reserved .
The original 32-team field has been chopped to just four at the Viterra Championship in Winkler .
Even without their skip , the back-to-back provincial champion Team Mike McEwen continues to pile up the victories . With McEwen still battling chicken pox , their other three teammates defeated two-time defending provincial junior champ JT Ryan 5-3 in a playoff round game on Saturday .
RELATED : Top seeds all victorious to start provincial men 's curling championship
That sets up a showdown with 2015 champion Reid Carruthers in Saturday night 's 1-vs-1 Page Playoff game . Carruthers handed Travis Bale of the Fort Rouge Curling Club an 8-4 loss to advance to the championship round .
Carruthers will take on McEwen at 6:00 p.m. for the right to go straight to Sunday 's championship game .
Brandon 's Steve Irwin also secured a spot in the four-team championship round with a victory over Bale . Trailing 5-1 after the sixth end , Irwin stole three points in the eighth end and two more in the ninth en route to an 8-5 win .
RELATED : Mike McEwen voted top seed for Viterra Championship
Irwin will meet Ryan in the other Page Playoff game after Ryan defeated Daniel Birchard of the Pembina Curling Club 7-5 .
The winner of Irwin/Ryan will take on the loser of McEwen/Carruthers in Sunday morning 's semifinal .
The championship game is scheduled for 3:00 p.m. on Sunday at the Winkler Arena .
Chocking up employment losses last month to the temporary hit of a severe hurricane season and reiterating expectations that inflation will strengthen , Federal Reserve policymakers on Friday signaled they continue to see gradual U.S. interest-rate hikes ahead .
AUSTIN , Texas/NEW YORK : Chocking up employment losses last month to the temporary hit of a severe hurricane season and reiterating expectations that inflation will strengthen , Federal Reserve policymakers on Friday signaled they continue to see gradual U.S. interest-rate hikes ahead .
`` Even though inflation is currently somewhat below our longer-run objective , I judge that it is still appropriate to continue to remove monetary policy accommodation gradually , '' said New York Fed President William Dudley , whose regular meetings with Fed Chair Janet Yellen and constant contact with Wall Street banks bolster their influence among Fed policymakers .
While other policymakers largely agreed , they also said they were keeping a close eye on the data , particularly on inflation .
And one offered a strong rebuttal , saying the central bank risked a `` policy mistake '' if it continues raising rates despite inflation data that remains stalled .
`` If we go too far in our zeal to normalize ( rates ) we might push inflation expectations down further and that might hinder our ability to hit our target , '' said St. Louis Fed President James Bullard , who called the September jobs number `` startling '' even given the hurricane . `` The December meeting is going to be too early to make a determination on whether inflation is coming back . ''
Others were more on board with the December increase , though they also offered some skepticism about inflation .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Atlanta Fed President Raphael Bostic , the newest of the 12 Fed presidents , told Reuters in an interview that they continue to believe the U.S. central bank should raise interest rates again by the end of the year , though they are `` not wedded '' to that position and continues to track data closely .
And Robert Kaplan , chief of the Dallas Fed , told reporters that inflation is `` likely building '' given the low unemployment rate , which would make the case for further rate hikes . Though the number of jobs fell in September for the first time in seven years , the unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent and hourly wages rose more than expected .
Striking a somewhat less eager tone than their colleagues though , Kaplan said , `` I 'm going to watch a little bit here . We have the benefit of having a little time and I plan to take it . ''
Last month , the Fed left rates unchanged and announced the well-telegraphed start to a gradual shrinking of its US $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet , which was swollen by massive purchases of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities in the aftermath of the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
But market expectations are high that the Fed will hike rates again in December , especially after Fed Chair Janet Yellen outlined why they are fairly confident that inflation , now at 1.4 percent by the Fed 's preferred measure , will rise toward the Fed 's 2-percent target over the medium term . It would be imprudent , they said in late September , to wait until inflation actually reached that target to raise rates .
Investors are more skeptical of the Fed 's forecasts of roughly three more hikes next year .
Three of the policymakers suggested they would be open-minded about the economic data , and especially inflation readings , for the next several months due to temporary factors weighing on prices and also the hurricanes that struck the United States over the last 40 days .
U.S. President Donald Trump recently interviewed at least three candidates who could replace Yellen when their term as Fed chief expires in February , though they are also reported to be considering reappointing them Trump said last week that they would have a decision in the next two or three weeks .
Bostic , who started their job four months ago and has a vote next year on the central bank 's rate-setting committee , said they expect the Fed , regardless of who leads it , to continue to raise rates in `` a slow , steady return to more normal levels '' in 2018 , `` absent some sign that either the economy weakens dramatically or suddenly , or if it accelerates faster than we might expect . ''
TAX DEBATE
Bostic said their economic forecasts do not include any changes to fiscal policy , in line with many of their colleagues .
Some Fed policymakers have begun to push back on the Trump administration 's assertion that its tax cut plan would boost the economy , cautioning it could instead trigger high inflation , unsustainable debt and an eventual return to sub-par growth .
The proposed tax overhaul includes lowering the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from the current 35 percent .
`` If they use it to invest , then we might see some more robust growth and then we would have to keep an eye on what happens with the level of prices , '' Bostic said .
`` But we 've had other episodes where cash windfalls have been used to buy back stocks and those sorts of things , in which case you are not getting to the same level of productive transmission of that policy . ''
( Reporting by Ann Saphir ; Editing by Paul Simao and Diane Craft )
Officials are rushing to repair the spillways at the Oroville Dam in Northern California and lower the water level in Lake Oroville before rain arrives later this week . They are concerned that damage to an emergency spillway could dump large amounts of water into the Feather River , which runs through downtown Oroville .
Lyft has launched a new subscription-based plan for customers who regularly use the ride-hailing service . According to The Verge , the San Francisco-based ride-hailing company is testing a new monthly subscription service for select customers .
Lyft customers who frequently hail rides using Lyft may be eligible for the new subscription-based plan . Being that Lyft is still testing the new plan , however , details remain unknown at this time . The Verge found that some customers have been offered an all-access pass that 's good for up to 30 standard rides for $ 199 per month while other customers have been offered a similar all-access pass for $ 300 per month . Lyft has also reportedly offered customers a 60-ride pass for $ 399 .
Lyft 's current pricing model charges customers based on mileage as well as their selected vehicle . The standard Lyft service , for instance , costs about 90 cents in most cities whereas the Premier service — included a luxury vehicle like a BMW 5 Series or Cadillac Escalade — costs $ 2.05 per mile . Based on these numbers , you may assume that it 's cheaper to simply using the company 's existing pricing model . While this is probably true for most customers , those use hail rides several times a week could certainly save money by switching to Lyft 's new subscription-based plan .
Founded June 2012 by Logan Green and John Zimmer , Lyft is an on-demand ride-hailing service that allows users to find transportation services using the company 's mobile app . Once the customer has signed up for an account , they or they can request a pickup from a nearby Lyft driver . Lyft supports several methods of payment , including credit card , Apple Pay , Google Wallet and PayPal .
Of course , Lyft is n't without competition in the ride-hailing market . According to rideshareapps.com , Uber is the market 's leading service provider with more than 8 million global users while Lyft is in a distant second with just over 631,000 global users . Lyft has been working aggressively to increase its share of the ride-hailing market , however . Just last year , Lyft expanded its service into 40 states .
It 's unclear when or even if Lyft will roll out its new subscription-based plan to all users . The company has only said that it 's testing the new plan . It has not said whether it will subscription pricing an alternative model from which customers can choose .
Pakistan with about 148,000 new cases of cancer annually can benefit from new research into the molecular structure and genetic make-up of tumors paving way for more targeted cancer treatment , said experts attending the 3rd Annual Surgical Meeting Surgical Oncology – Evidence and Practice at Aga Khan University here Friday .
The conference organized in line with global efforts to achieve targets under goal 3 of the Sustainable Development Goals , aims at ensuring healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages .
Target 3.4.1 of the goal calls for special efforts to reduce deaths caused by cancer till 2030 , said Prof. Dr. Masood Umer , chair of the conference .
They observed that bringing together experts from around the world promotes the sharing of advances in the field of oncology and boost chances of detecting the disease in early stages and deliver more effective treatment for cancer patients across the country .
The 3rd Annual Surgical Meeting was organized in collaboration with the European Society of Surgical Oncology , the American Society of Clinical Oncology ( ASCO ) and the International Journal of Surgery .
Speakers were of unanimous opinion that molecular analysis of brain tissue is revealing the distinctive “ signature ” of tumors that are otherwise of a similar type and stage .
It was noted with satisfaction that a partnership between Pakistani and Canadian researchers is resulting in the transfer of knowledge and skills stemming from this novel research .
Faculty from Aga Khan University were said be to currently working with researchers on the tumor boards of the Sick Kids Hospital in Toronto , Canada , to explore how these molecular insights can enhance the treatment of complicated cases of brain cancer .
“ Insights from molecular biology are helping oncologist select the most suitable course of cancer treatment and more accurately predict the response to targeted therapy , ” mentioned Dr Shahzad Shamim , an associate professor at AKU 's department of surgery .
This , they said will ensure optimal treatment for each tumor and a longer , better quality of life for each patient .. — APP
Related
Congratulations !
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time .
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost . Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC . More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs . Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods , the services you request or are needed to complete the move , and/or on the pricing of each individual mover . Also , certain costs are not reflected in this calculation , for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs .
Share :
Park Chan-kyong - As a decorated war hero who once took out three machine gun nests with nothing but grenades , Choi Deuk-soo knows first hand what is at stake should US-North Korean peace talks fail - and they are doubtful of an imminent breakthrough .
The wizened 91-year-old is one of just five people still alive to have been awarded South Korea 's top military medal , the Taeguk , given for a suicidally brave charge they made up an enemy-held hill in the end stages of the 1950-53 Korean War . “ I hate any war , ” they told AFP from their apartment in Incheon , west of Seoul , apologising for their poor hearing , the result of firing a heavy machine gun for hours during a battle to repel Chinese troops that had come to the aid of North Korea 's communist forces . That war led to an armistice and the two Koreas divided by the demilitarised zone . It is a festering Cold War sore that lives on today , and US President Donald Trump has vowed to combat the threat posed by the authoritarian , nuclear-armed regime in Pyongyang either by talks with their North Korean opposite Kim Jong-un or “ fire and fury ” .
Choi - who was speaking to AFP before Trump cancelled an upcoming summit with Kim only to suggest it might be back on - is not convinced by the recent flurry of diplomatic detente .
“ Another war might have to break out sometime in the future , maybe hundreds of years from now , for the two sides to be reunified , ” they said . “ I doubt whether any deal with Kim Jong-un would hold long because all the North is interested in is material rewards , ” they added , questioning whether Pyongyang was really committed to giving up its nuclear weapons or genuinely seeking peace .
‘ No retreat '
The nonagenarian 's cynicism was forged in the crucible of the Korean War and nurtured by decades of failed peace attempts that have seen North Korea 's regime remain steadfastly in power and oversee its metamorphosis into a nuclear armed state .
Breathing repeatedly through an inhaler to ease their asthma , Choi recalled their own horrifying experience the last time full-scale war broke out on the Korean Peninsula .
The memory that sticks with them the most was the night that won them the Taeguk . On 30 June 1953 their unit was ordered to take back Hill 938 from a brigade of Chinese volunteers who had seized the strategic position earlier that month .
Choi 's battalion was so depleted its ranks had dropped from 500 to just 30 men . “ The top commander gathered us together and handed out cigarettes . They then said : ‘ You only move on . No retreat ' . The company installed a machine gun , threatening to shoot us if we tried to retreat , ” they recalled .
To improve their agility , the soldiers were told to ditch their helmets and take only grenades - the commanders noted that if they needed a rifle they could always grab one from the hundreds of bodies littering the hillside . Under cover of darkness and a smoke screen Choi and their comrades inched towards the enemy .
“ I crawled up to a machine gun post and hurled the first grenade . I finished a second one with another grenade and silenced a third machine gun nest with the remaining two grenades , ” they said .
With the enemy machine guns silenced , reinforcements successfully stormed uphill , bringing an end to the hour-long battle . Somehow Choi emerged unscathed . But only five men from the original 30 survived the night , they recalled . The war ended a month later with the armistice , though the two Koreas remain technically still at war .
‘ How long will it last ? '
Choi said they welcome the fact that Trump was willing to talk to Kim . But they worry about the more bellicose members of the US administration , particularly National Security Advisor John Bolton , a known North Korea hawk .
Earlier this month Bolton - and later Vice President Mike Pence - raised the spectre of Libyan leader Moamer Khadafi , who gave up atomic weapons only to die years later at the hands of US-backed rebels . That comparison drew angry responses from North Korea .
“ That guy with the thick moustache almost blew it up with reckless , unnecessary statements , ” Choi fumed , referring to Bolton . Their hopes for peace are tempered by a cynical realism that comes from decades of witnessing the Korean conundrum , one of geopolitics ' stickiest issues . Last month , like millions of others , Choi watched on as South Korean president Moon Jae-in met Kim in the heart of the DMZ . They shook hands and , at the invitation of Kim , Moon briefly stepped into North Korea .
“ I thought this was a good thing , ” Choi recalled thinking about the current detente . “ But then the next moment , I wondered how long it would all last this time around . ”
China will `` absolutely not '' fire the first shot in a trade war with the United States and will not be the first to levy tariffs , its finance ministry said on Wednesday .
BEIJING : China will `` absolutely not '' fire the first shot in a trade war with the United States and will not be the first to levy tariffs , its finance ministry said on Wednesday .
A person with knowledge of the plan earlier told Reuters China 's threatened tariffs on US $ 34 billion of U.S. goods would take effect from the beginning of the day on Friday . Given the 12-hour time difference , that would have put its implementation ahead of Washington 's . Other media carried similar reports .
Advertisement
But the ministry issued a brief clarification in response .
`` The Chinese government 's position has been stated many times . We absolutely will not fire the first shot , and will not implement tariff measures ahead of the United States doing so , '' it said , without elaborating .
Washington has said it would implement tariffs on US $ 34 billion of Chinese imports on July 6 , and Beijing has vowed to retaliate in kind on the same day .
Earlier , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said China was ready to act , though they did not confirm the start date for Chinese tariffs .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` China has already made preparations , '' Lu told a daily news briefing .
`` As long as the United States issues a so-called tariff list , China will take necessary measures to firmly protect its legitimate interests , '' they added , without elaborating .
China 's yuan rose sharply against the dollar on Wednesday , a day after the central bank assured markets it would keep the currency stable amid growing worries about trade friction , although stocks fell .
Chinese state media on Wednesday kept up a steady drum beat of criticism of the United States .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The official China Daily said the United States was intentionally trying to prevent China from developing to keep it from challenging the former 's role in the global economic order .
`` The U.S. has maintained hegemony in the military and financial fields for many decades . Now it is pursuing economic hegemony , '' the English-language newspaper said in an editorial .
`` It has frequently waged wars against other sovereign countries and made use of the dominant influence of the U.S. dollar in the international markets to fleece other countries . Now it is attempting to resort to an all-out trade and economic war to hold back China 's normal development . ''
Widely-read tabloid the Global Times , published by the ruling Communist Party 's People 's Daily , said the increasingly likely trade war would bring chaos to the world .
`` Counterstrike is major economies ' first reaction to Washington 's trade war , '' it said in its editorial .
`` It 's hard to predict where these moves will lead the world , but Washington will unavoidably pay heavy prices for its attempts to change the whole world to its economic tributary . ''
U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened to escalate the trade conflict with tariffs on as much as US $ 400 billion in Chinese goods if Beijing retaliates against the U.S. tariffs set to take effect on Friday .
Chinese currency and stock markets have been jittery ahead of Friday 's tariff implementation .
( Reporting by Stella Qiu and Ben Blanchard ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
Summer season arrives – things will get busier out and about for a while
Although last weekend was the traditional Memorial Day holiday , I 'm going to take this week to put out my annual reminder to our local readers about the start of our summer season and what that means to the traffic on our county roads and waterways .
With the arrival of the summer season , remember that we are going to be sharing our roads and our lakes with a host of visitors from all over the country , who are coming here to enjoy our beautiful surroundings , camping and boating opportunities .
Remember – these folks drive funny ( and often talk funny ) , but they bring with them pockets full of money that they leave for the most part , in our county when it comes time for them to return to wherever home is for them .
Our economy needs their influx of funds . We need their summer jobs that businesses open because of increased traffic .
We need their gasoline sales . We need their food sales in our grocery stores and restaurants . We need their heads on the pillows of our motels , hotels , cabins and houseboats . We need their boats to rent our storage spaces and we even need them to come down and maybe buy a new boat or PWC .
Shoot , they may like us and our countryside so much they even buy some property and move here – I know several people who have done just that , and they are now not just visitors , but home-owning taxpaying citizens doing even more to help our economy .
If you see one on the side of the road – put your Clinton County Welcoming Committee hat on and stop to see if you can offer any assistance .
But the most important thing to remember is to be patient , and be safe .
As I 've said here for many , many years – give yourself and them , a little extra space on the highways and the lakes . Give yourself a little extra time to get to town in case you get behind a lost tourist pulling a boat and trying to find the correct exit to their Lake Cumberland or Dale Hollow destination .
Let 's have a great summer this time around , and with a little extra attention being paid to the crowded roads and lakes , let 's make this one a safe summer .
In the words that I 've used here for many , many years with the similar column , from Sgt . Phil Esterhaus ( Michael Conrad ) as they turned their officers loose for another tour of duty each week on one of my favorite shows from many years ago , Hill Street Blues . . .
“ Let 's be careful out there ”
In the meantime – let 's take it outside for a few months !
BAGHDAD : Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide car bomb in Baghdad 's Sadr City district on Monday which killed 24 people and wounded 67 others .
Amaq news agency , a site linked to the militants , said in a statement distributed online that the attack had targeted a gathering of Shi'ite Muslims , which the ultra-hardline Sunni group considers apostates .
( Reporting by Stephen Kalin ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Carlisle Companies Inc :
* CARLISLE COMPANIES - UPON UNIT 'S TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES CFSP ACQUISITION CORP REQUIRED TO PAY UNIT TERMINATION FEE OF $ 50 MILLION Source text - bit.ly/2s3XRdR Further company coverage :
Josh Brolin is Brand Walsh from The Goonies again in an awesome photo they shared on Social Media . Josh Brolin was invited to an 80s-themed costume party and had a hard time deciding who/what they should be until their wife stepped in . Brolin seems to be everywhere these days . The Oscar nominated actor was recently on the MCU Avengers : Infinity War set in Atlanta doing motion-capture work for their portrayal of super villain Thanos the Mad Titan . It was also recently announced that Brolin will be joining Deadpool 2 to play Cable . Brolin has been in the gym pumping iron to get superhero ready , teasing all of the asupervisorstioned news through their Instagram page .
Earlier this week Brolin took to their Instagram page to share their self-referencing costume for an 80s themed costume party . Brolin posted a picture of them in their full Goonies gear as Brand Walsh , complete with red bandana , blue workout shorts over grey sweats , muscle tee , and of course a chest expander . Richard Donner 's Goonies came out in 1985 and Brolin still looks like Brand or maybe what Brand 's dad should have looked like , in other words , they look pretty damn good for reprising a character from 32 years ago .
Brolin was tinkering with the idea of going as former Black Flag singer Henry Rollins ( Henry Brollins ? ) , 80 's pop star Boy George , or even a Gremlin until their wife stepped in with the idea of `` embracing your past . '' Henry Brollins would have been a pretty good costume for the newly buff Brolin and they probably could have gotten away with wearing a lot less than Rollins was partial to performing in just tiny shorts and tattoos back in the day . Boy George would also have been pretty interesting , but that one seems like a lot of work . A buff Gremlin could have been pretty cool too , though , but it 's safe to say that Brolin went with the best idea for this party .
Brolin is n't the only former Goonie in the news recently . Cory Feldman is still hard at work promoting their new musical endeavor and Sean Astin just finished filming season 2 of Netflix 's wildly popular Stranger Things , a show that owes quite a bit to the 1985 Goonies . Elsewhere , Jeff Cohen aka Chunk , paid tribute to Goonies director Richard Donner in Los Angeles . Cohen told the story of their childhood and how Donner became a father figure for them and even paid for the former Goonie 's college tuition , paving the way for their very successful legal career .
While a Goonies sequel is more than likely out of the question at this time , there are still plenty of Goonies to go around . Brolin 's portrayal of Thanos in Avengers : Infinity War will hit theaters on May 18th , 2018 and Brolin 's portrayal of Cable in Deadpool 2 will hit theaters in June of that year . Make sure to check out Brolin 's 80s costume party time machine below . Maybe even head over to Cory Feldman 's Bandcamp page and hook them up with a few streams if you feel so inclined .
The ongoing national census , we are told , is designed to get the relevant statistics of the population and , in turn , help the state figure out where we stand as a nation and make policies accordingly . If such indeed is the purpose of the exercise , it has surprisingly failed to include the most critical demographic : blasphemers .
Those who are sceptical about the significance of this particular section of the population , even after thousands spent their precious time and energy to torch a fellow university student in Mardan to death , only need to look at what the government and judiciary have occupied themselves with since the turn of the year .
Ask the Interior Ministry , that has put “ the entire government machinery in motion ” to identify this demographic for the past two months , which includes taking on the Facebook administration for the release of personal information so that the culprits could be sentenced to death .
The IHC has further clarified that these individuals are n't only criminals , but “ terrorists worse than jihadists ” , and forwarded the social media blasphemy case to an anti-terrorism court .
It 's a travesty of justice then that those who post videos , cartoons and words on social media , only get the same punishment as terrorists who use bombs and guns to kill humans .
Of course , like other demographics , accurate calculation of blasphemers in Pakistan is no easy task . It is especially made difficult by the fact that we still do n't have any idea what to call ‘ the others ' in this survey .
‘ Non-blasphemers ' is too vague , does n't help us zoom in on the demographic , and affixes one 's identity in relation to another 's – similar to ‘ non-Muslim ' .
Calling them Muslims would 've been convenient , had there been consensus on whom a Muslim is , and had many of those killed over blasphemy – like Mashal Khan – not been Muslims .
Also , remember that our textbook founding fathers – Muhammad Ali Jinnah , Dr Muhammad Iqbal and Syed Ahmad Khan – had all been accused of blasphemy at some point in the lead up to the creation of Pakistan . Some would say it 's a shame then that blasphemers have been reduced to a dwindling minority .
The identification is also made complicated by the fact that blasphemers are n't a monolith . Those of us who refuse to acknowledge Jesus Christ as God 's son blaspheme against Christianity , those who deny the divinity of Hindu deities commit sacrilege against Hinduism , so on and so forth .
There also are targeted insults to other religions common in pop culture , national television and often state approved school curricula .
Of course , no one needs any reminding on the many ways one can blaspheme against Islam , without intending or even knowing how one did it – because that reminder would be sacrilegious as well .
All this technically means that , to paraphrase , most of us blaspheme against every religion , barring one . Others go one step further .
Even so , the three reactions to the Mardan lynching have , perhaps , come up with the possible identities to divide our nation into on the blasphemy front .
First , those who support the mob ; second who assert that nobody should be killed regardless of whether they blasphemed or not ; third who say murder is only justified if blasphemy is proven and condemned the mob for “ taking law in their hands ” .
With reference to the third : which law are we talking about here ?
The one that says that you could get away with a fine for destroying a temple or church , but words against Islam are punishable by death ?
Or the one that 's dedicated entirely towards judicially outraging the religious sentiments , and denying fundamental rights , of an entire sect of Islam , and needed a Constitutional Amendment to be rammed into the Constitution ?
That law has been crying out to be ‘ taken into hands ' since it was passed three decades ago . And understanding why that 's the case , is crucial in all of us finalising our identities on the blasphemy spectrum .
Once the legal status of a religious ideology is elevated over others , its most radical proponents take command over the implementation of the law . Not only those not adhering to the religion are under the cosh , any nonconforming member of the same religious community is an excommunicated thrown to the wolves as well . That 's how beef and blasphemy militia muster mobs for massacres in India and Pakistan .
Secondly , when you add capital punishment to outraged feelings – which Pakistan , of course , has along with 12 other Muslim states , with India threatening to follow suit – the trial becomes superfluous . For , if a large enough number of religionists claim that their sentiments have been offended , how does a lawyer or judge prove the contrary to the abstract , intangible evidence of human feelings ?
Thirdly , when not a single person has been judicially executed over blasphemy , among the hundreds accused in Pakistan , the stage is further set for the mob . This is why mobs do n't attack blasphemers in Saudi Arabia or Iran . There , mob rule is the penal code , with decapitated heads representing justice and setting the necessary precedents .
This is how Pakistan 's blasphemy law intrinsically legalises mob violence , by allowing those who want to settle personal scores , or pushing others without the superhuman ability of controlling their feelings , to ‘ take law into their own hands ' , since the state is n't following through with the capital punishment for offended sentiments of a religious group that its own penal code sanctions .
Now bringing this to our search for identities ; anyone who supports murder for criticising any particular idea , scripture or individual – like the Constitution of Pakistan – is in effect an integral part of the mob . Conversely , anyone who says that no idea or belief – or lack of one – deserves death , and asks for the blasphemy law to be repealed , is in effect blaspheming as well by ‘ outraging ' this mob .
And so , for all intents and purposes , the blasphemy spectrum is a straight-shooting binary . The Pakistani society can be divided into two segments : the blasphemers and the mob .
The survey question then simply is : to blaspheme or to mob ?
If you were given the choice , would you commit blasphemy or would you prefer to be a part of the mob ? Because in Pakistan , in the year 2017 , there 's no third choice .
Either we blaspheme and repeal the law that has no place in the 21st century , or we continue lynching the ideological minorities as active or passive members of the mob and incinerate any semblance , and remnants , of a tolerant Pakistan .
Those too scared to embrace their identity will be torched by the time they make up their mind .
Has your young child ever asked you a question you just ca n't answer ? You 're not alone - nearly half of parents admit they often struggle to answer their youngster 's tricky questions .
So what 's the solution ? Around 50 % of parents confess to turning to the internet in the hope of finding an answer , while a third just make it up . The survey , by Argos ' Chad Valley Toys , found children under six ask an average 73 questions a day - meaning a lot of Googling and on-the-spot answers for mums and dads !
Child psychologist Dr Sam Wass , from Channel 4 's The Secret Life Of 4/5/6 Year Olds , says : `` As children grow up , it 's natural to be curious about the world around them , and as parents , it 's easy to forget just how much of our children 's knowledge comes from what we tell them .
`` Using educational and visual aids , such as toys , can help soften the difficulty of broaching trickier subjects , '' they advise . `` Familiar items can often help children 's understanding . ''
To help parents withstand the daily question onslaught a little more easily , Dr Wass has come up with some handy replies for some of the toughest queries .
Here 's how to answer nine of the most challenging kids ' questions ...
1 . Is Father Christmas real ?
On this question , you 're often playing catch-up to what they 've heard in the playground . `` So much of childhood is losing its innocence , so we try to keep hold of what we can , '' says Dr Wass .
Ask them what they think , and if they suggest reasons Father Christmas is or is n't real , discuss these with them - and perhaps ask how mummy and daddy could possibly afford all their presents if Father Christmas did n't provide them .
2 . Why do people die ?
It can be tempting to soften the truth about death with a child . But telling them something like , 'Granny went to sleep ' , can backfire and cause more confusion later .
Often , grasping death in the context of nature can help : Compare a person 's life to a tree 's leaves , which bloom in the spring , then change colour and eventually die in the autumn . Or through animals dying , which for many children is their first experience of death .
If someone close dies , perhaps say something like : 'Granny was very old and sick . They do n't talk or eat or breathe any more , and we wo n't see them again . But the love we had for them will stay with us forever . '
3 . Where did I come from ?
For many children , 'from mummy 's tummy ' is an answer that satisfies them for years .
If they ask , 'How did I get into mummy 's tummy ? ' , go for something like : 'Daddy has seeds inside them called sperm . Mummy has eggs inside them instead . When grown-ups make a baby , the sperm from daddy needs to get to mummy 's womb , so one can join up with the egg and fertilise it . That 's the start of a new baby . '
4 . What is God ?
Do n't be afraid to tell your child what you , personally , believe is the answer . It can also help to explain that different people have very different opinions on whether God exists , and , if so , what God is like .
5 . What does 'we ca n't afford it ' mean ?
The answer depends on the age of the child . For an older child , this can be an opportunity to discuss why some people have more money than others . But for a younger child , it might be better to teach about budgeting , and planning , their resources . Tell them everybody has to decide what they most want , and has to save their money for important things .
6 . Why do I have to go to school ?
If your child asks this question a lot , try to find out why . If they just ask once , say school helps them practise using their brain , and make them aware of what they can use their brain for . Remind your child that mummy and/or daddy also have to go to work , to use their brain and earn money .
7 . When you die who will I live with ?
Reassure your child that it 's very unlikely you 're going to die soon , but tell them what would happen to them if you did , and that they 'd live with someone they loved and trusted .
8 . Why is the sky blue ?
You need to know a bit of basic science for this one : Light from the sun looks white , but it 's made from all the colours of the rainbow . The light travels in waves of different lengths , which are reflected off tiny bits of dust and other very small particles in the earth 's atmosphere . Because blue light waves are shorter , they 're more likely to hit the dust and other particles , and get reflected down to earth , making the sky look blue .
9 . Why ca n't I stay up as late as you ?
My instinct would be to use this an opportunity to teach a child about sleep .
Explain that sleep lets our bodies and brains rest , and when we 're asleep and lying flat , our bones can grow . Because adults have stopped growing , children need more sleep than them .
Plus , when we sleep , our brains tidy themselves up and reorganise what we 've learned during the day .
Children are learning new things very fast . For example , the average child learns 10 new words a day . Adults do n't learn so fast , because they already know their words .
The head of the Arab League has called US President Donald Trump 's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel 's capital “ dangerous and unacceptable ” and a “ flagrant attack on a political solution ” to the Israeli- Palestinian conflict .
The statement by Ahmed Aboul-Gheit , the regional bloc 's secretary-general , came after an emergency meeting of foreign ministers from 22 Arab states in Egypt 's capital , Cairo , on Saturday .
Aboul-Gheit said Trump 's decision was “ against international law and raises questions over American efforts to support peace ” between Palestine and Israel .
The shift in US policy “ undermines Arab confidence ” in the Trump administration and “ amounts to the legalisation ” of the Israeli occupation of Palestine , they added .
Leaders from across the globe made similar remarks in the days before and after Trump 's announcement on Wednesday . The US president also ordered the US embassy be moved from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem .
World leaders said the move could derail peace efforts .
During an emergency meeting , UN Security Council members on Friday widely condemned Trump 's decision , which sparked deadly protests in the Gaza Strip and the occupied West Bank .
Demonstrations denouncing the US move were held in a number of other Muslim countries too .
‘ US an aggressor against Palestinians '
Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki , speaking to reporters ahead of the meeting in Cairo , said Palestinians can no longer accept the US as a broker in the peace process because it has now “ positioned itself as a party in a dispute and not as a mediator ” .
Calling for a UN Security Council action against Trump 's decision , al-Maliki added , “ America is being an aggressor against the Palestinian people and against international law . ”
US officials , however , have defended the move , saying Trump remains committed to reviving long-stalled talks between the Palestinians and Israelis .
The status of Jerusalem , home to sites holy to Muslims , Jews and Christians , is one of the core issues in the perennial Israeli-Palestinian conflict . After occupying the city 's eastern part in the 1967 War , Israel annexed the territory , and proclaimed it as its “ eternal , undivided capital . ”
The Palestinians , however , see East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state , a position Aboul-Gheit backed in their opening statement on Saturday .
“ We call upon all countries that support peace to refuse the decision of the US president . We consider the decision unfair and unjust . We call upon everyone to recognise Palestine as a state and East Jerusalem as its capital , ” they said .
Speaking at the meeting , Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry said Trump 's policy change put the “ region on the verge of explosion ” .
Mohammed Bin Abdulrahman Al Thani , Qatar 's foreign minister , called for “ all possible measures under international law ” , while their Lebanese counterpart called for the League to consider imposing sanctions on the US .
“ Pre-emptive measures must be taken against the decision … beginning with diplomatic measures , then political , then economic and financial sanctions , ” said Gebran Bassil .
Statements made for ‘ public consumption '
But despite the rhetoric in the Cairo meeting , Marwan Bishara , Al Jazeera 's senior political analyst , said Arab states , in practice , differed in their reaction to Trump 's decision .
“ I doubt that all this will come together and culminate in any serious decision or action plan , ” they said .
“ We will probably be left once again for the Arab street , rather than the Arab League , to do something moving forward . ”
Ali Abunimah co-founder of Electronic Intifada , an independent online news publication focusing on Palestine , concurred .
“ The Arab League meeting and the Arab League summit will amount to nothing , as it has amounted to nothing for decades , ” they told Al Jazeera from the US city of Chicago .
“ All the statements being made by the Arab regimes are strictly for public consumption because the Arab public is clearly outraged as the massive demonstrations in cities across the world showed .
“ But in reality , most of these regimes – Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Egypt and Jordan – are very close to Israel . They either have formal or tacit ties and so they will do nothing in practice other than issue statements . ”
Meanwhile , the leader of Egypt 's Coptic Church on Saturday cancelled an upcoming visit with US President Mike Pence in protest of the shift in US policy . Pope Tawadros II said Trump 's move “ did not take into account the feelings of millions of Arab people ” .
The grand imam of Cairo 's Al Azhar Mosque said they would not meet Pence either , while Palestinian leaders stated that Trump 's deputy was not welcome in the occupied territories .
[ SOURCE : AL JAZEERA NEWS ]
Comments
comments
SAN FRANCISCO : British cybersecurity researcher Marcus Hutchins pleaded not guilty on Monday to federal charges they built and sold malicious code used to steal banking credentials .
Hutchins , 23 , rose to overnight fame within the hacker community in May when they helped defang the global `` WannaCry '' ransomware attack , which infected hundreds of thousands of computers in May and caused disruptions at factories , hospitals , shops and schools in more than 150 countries .
They were arrested earlier this month in Las Vegas on unrelated hacking charges . U.S. prosecutors have claimed that they and an unnamed co-defendant advertised , distributed and profited from malware code known as `` Kronos '' between July 2014 and 2015 .
The case has drawn intense interest from the hacker community for the implications it may pose for cyber research and concerns it may deteriorate an often tense relationship between hackers and law enforcement .
Hutchins is a `` brilliant young man and a hero , '' their attorney , Marcia Hoffman , told reporters on Monday shortly after the arraignment .
`` He is going to vigorously defend themselves against these charges , and when the evidence comes to light , we are confident they will be fully vindicated , '' they said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
If downloaded from email attachments , Kronos left victims ' systems vulnerable to theft of banking and credit card credentials , which could then be used to siphon money from bank accounts .
( Reporting by Dustin Volz , editing by G Crosse )
The Inspector General of Police , Ibrahim Idris , on Monday ordered the immediate withdrawal of police personnel attached to politicians , multi-national companies , business entrepreneurs and corporate individuals .
Idris also said a memo would be forwarded to President Muhammadu Buhari for approval .
The memo , according to the IGP , is expected to serve as guideline for deployment to VIPs , political , public office holders and others in the country .
They said the move was imperative because of the present security challenges in the country .
And , following alleged abuse of police spy number plates , the IGP directed that all holders of such numbers to return them and re-apply .
They stated these at the Force Headquarters in Abuja during the monthly meeting with commissioners of police and other senior officers .
They said : “ In view of the current security challenges in the country , it has become expedient for the NPF to streamline the deployment of its personnel attached to political and publlc office holders , aimed at enhancing effective and efficient policing of the country .
“ To this effect , a memo will be forwarded to the President for approval . This will serve as a guideline or template for deployment to VIPs , political and public office holders in the country .
“ Accordingly , a directive for withdrawal of all police officers deployed to VIPs , political and public office holders , with immediate effect , is hereby given .
“ This directive includes business entrepreneurs , multi-national companies as well as corporate individuals . ”
Beijing : China always values the good neighbourliness and friendship with India , but it is also firm on upholding its `` sovereign rights '' , interests and territorial integrity , Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Saturday .
Beijing handled the Doka La standoff with `` restraint '' , showing the `` emphasis '' it places on ties with New Delhi , they said .
Touching on China 's relations with major countries and its diplomatic initiatives last year , Yi , in a lengthy article in the Chinese International Studies journal , dwelt about Sino-India ties , stating that Beijing 's diplomatic engagement with New Delhi resulted in India withdrawing its troops and equipment from Doka La .
The journal is published by China Institute of International Studies , a think-tank attached to the Chinese Foreign Ministry .
The 73-day standoff at Doka La over which Bhutan also has counterclaims began in June last year when Indian troops objected to Chinese army building a road close to India 's Chicken-Neck Corridor , a narrow corridor connecting north-eastern states .
The standoff ended on 28 August after Chinese troops agreed to stop building the road following which both the sides agreed on the `` expeditious disengagement '' of personnel at Doka La , according to the External Affairs Ministry .
Yi said China always values the good neighbourliness and friendship with India as `` we are each other 's big neighbours and ancient civilisations '' .
In the meantime , China is also firm in upholding its sovereign rights and interests and territorial integrity , they said .
`` We handled the Indian border troops trespass into China 's Dong Long ( Doka La ) area in our national interest , on just grounds and with restraint . Through diplomatic means , we engaged with the Indian side and it withdrew its equipment and personnel .
`` This demonstrates not only the value and emphasis we put on relations with India but also our sincerity and sense of responsibility in maintaining regional peace and stability , '' the foreign minister said .
`` We believe as we continue to engage in in-depth strategic communication and promptly dispel strategic misgivings , the strategic value of China-India cooperation will speak for itself and there will be a prospect of 'the Dragon and Elephant dancing together ' and 1+1=11 effect as expected by the leaders , '' Yi said .
On Chinese diplomacy in general , they said China will continue to break new ground in pursuing major-country diplomacy with Chinese characteristics in the new era .
`` We will take a longer and broader perspective , and be even more open-minded and resourceful in our diplomacy . We will give more consideration to the overall interests of the world and humanity , and work in a proactive manner , '' they said .
China will firmly uphold the existing international system with the UN at the core , and protect and expand the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries , they said .
`` We will continue to act as a responsible major country to contribute to world peace , promote global development , and uphold the international order , '' Yi added .
A Federal High Court in Lagos on Tuesday , ordered that hearing notices be issued and served on the National Assembly and others in a suit by Nigerian Bar Association ( NBA ) Second Vice President Monday Ubani .
Mr Ubani and John Nwokwu , also a lawyer , are praying for an order , compelling senators and House of Representatives members , to refund N13.5million and N10 million monthly running costs , which they allegedly collected in the last three years .
The lawyers are contending that the running cost is illegal as only the Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission ( RMAFC ) had the power to determine salaries and allowances of political office holders .
Attorney-General of the Federation , MAFC , the Senate and the House of Representatives are the respondents .
When the case was called on Tuesday , plaintiffs ' counsel , J. O. Igwe , told Justice Chuka Obiozor that the court 's sheriff failed to serve the defedants with the suit in spite of being “ mobilised ” about three weeks ago .
“ We mobilised them three weeks ago and last week , they assured us that the proof of service was in court , but we got to court to discover that the defendants have not been served .
“ In the circumstances , we are left with no choice than to ask for a further hearing date. ” they said
The plaintiffs , in their originating summons , are asking the court to determine whether by relevant sections of the 1999 Constitution , the National Assembly members have the power to fix their salaries , wages , remuneration or allowances .
The lawyers are asking the court to determine “ whether RMAFC can delegate its power to determine the salaries or remuneration of the National Assembly or political office-holders and/or if such power is subject to usurpation by the National Assembly or any other body ( ies ) . ”
Messrs Ubani and Nwokwu are asking the court to determine whether the allocation of constituency projects and funds to the tune of N200 million the lawmakers is not ultra vires , illegal and unconstitutional .
They are asking for an order of perpetual injunction “ restraining the National Assembly , whether by themselves , officers , or through any person howsoever , from further receiving the sum of N13.5 million monthly allowances or running cost or whatever sum as a running cost and N200million as annual constituency project . ”
They are asking the court to order the refund of all the running costs they received since 2015 within 14 days of the judgment .
Justice Obiozor has adjourned until October 29 for hearing .
Ottawa : Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau was heckled on Saturday by protesters during a townhall as they defended their governments decision to support the expansion of a trans-mountain pipeline through British Columbia ( BC ) .
The prime minister was greeted by a chorus of boos amidst cheers by another section of people as they walked into the Vancouver Island University hall at Nanaimo town in British Columbia during the last lap of their cross-country tour , according to CBC .
The reports said Trudeau defended their decision to approve the Kinder Morgan pipeline by justifying their ideas
about protecting the environment while ensuring the balanced development of the growing economy .
`` We wanted a national carbon reduction plan , a national emissions plan that is going to allow us to reach our climate goals , to reach our Paris [ climate accord ] commitments , '' they said .
`` But in order to do that , part of moving forward is approving the Kinder Morgan pipeline , '' Trudeau said . `` It is something many people feel very strongly about on either side , but that is the nature of the compromise we had to make in the best interests of Canada . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
An incident in Falkirk , Scotland , went viral after a local mom posted about a stranger trying to lure their daughter and a friend into the woods . Furthermore , it was only the actions of a local bystander that prevented this person from getting away with the children . As a result , they were treated like a hero .
The mom of one of the girls explained the events in their Facebook post . They said , “ This absolute beastie scum tried to get my daughter and their friend to go into the woods with them in broad daylight . They were playing at the park when he 's approached them on their bike asking if they would help them find their jacket . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Obviously , this was deeply concerning to all involved . Additionally , the man was 50 years old and had no business trying to talk to two young girls . However , although the post did not state it explicitly , it 's implied that the stranger may have succeeded in convincing the girls to follow him .
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
North Korea offered a glimpse into its plans to fire missiles near Guam in photos released by its state media on Tuesday , as leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on the plans drawn up by the army amid heightened tensions with the United States .
SEOUL : North Korea offered a glimpse into its plans to fire missiles near Guam in photos released by its state media on Tuesday , as leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on the plans drawn up by the army amid heightened tensions with the United States .
Kim was seen holding a baton and pointing at a map reading `` Strategic Force 's Firing Strike Plan '' , which showed a flight path for the missiles appearing to start from North Korea 's east coast , then flying over Japan and ending near Guam , as Pyongyang announced last week .
The launch location seen in the map appeared to be in the vicinity of Sinpo , the east coastal city that hosts North Korea 's submarine base , said Kim Dong-yub , a military expert at Kyungnam University 's Institute of Far Eastern Studies in Seoul .
Kim said the location near Sinpo fits with what North Korea outlined last week - that four intermediate-range missiles will cross the sky above Shimane , Hiroshima and Koichi Prefectures of Japan , fly 3,356.7 km ( 2,085.8 miles ) for 1,065 seconds and hit the waters 30 to 40 km ( 18 to 25 miles ) from Guam .
`` Every North Korean must have seen this photo on TV and newspapers . North Korea is showing its confidence , telling the United States : if they want to stop it they can try , '' they said . `` It also signals that the North has been studying this for a long time and getting ready to act if it decided to . ''
Tension on the Korean peninsula has risen over North Korea 's nuclear weapons programme , with North Korea and the United States exchanging a flurry of strong rhetoric , each threatening military action , in recent days .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned on Monday that the U.S. military would be prepared to intercept a missile fired by North Korea if it was headed to Guam , while the North 's leader Kim Jong-un alerted their army that it should always be fire-ready .
In 2013 when tensions ran high as North Korea threatened missile strikes on U.S. Pacific bases , including Guam and Hawaii , it also released photographs of Kim inside their military command centre signing the order to put rockets on standby to attack the U.S. mainland .
The pictures then showed a large chart titled `` U.S. mainland strike plan '' and it was seen targeting U.S. regions such as Hawaii , Washington D.C. , and Texas .
North Korea has never carried out its threats to hit U.S. Pacific bases or mainland .
For the Guam briefing , Kim was seen acting as a commander in chief flanked by other army generals . Among the generals was Kim Jong Sik , a veteran rocket scientist and one of the masterminds behind North Korea 's missile programme .
The briefing took place in a war room where other maps of operational zones in South Korea and Japan were hanging on a wall right behind the North 's leader . A black-and-white satellite imagery was seen on the left side of him .
Kim received the briefing on Monday when they inspected the command of the Korean People 's Army ( KPA ) Strategic Force , the North 's Korea Central News Agency said on Tuesday .
They were welcomed by scores of soldiers at the army command , showed photos released separately by state-owned Korean Central Television as well as its official Rodong Sinmun newspaper .
Kim , who praised the army for drawing up a `` close and careful plan '' , said they will watch the actions of the United States for a while longer before making a decision on whether to go ahead with missile launches toward the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam , the report said .
( Reporting By Jane Chung and Ju-min Park , Editing by Soyoung Kim and Michael Perry )
Advertisement
The Minister of Transportation , Mr. Rotimi Amaechi , has given a seven-day ultimatum to the former Aviation minister , Mr. Femi Fani-Kayode ; and Mr. Lere Olayinka , the media aide to Governor Ayo Fayose of Ekiti State , to publicly apologise and pay the sum of N1.25 billion to them ( Amaechi ) for linking them to the seized Ikoyi N13 billion .
Amaechi had through their lawyer , Prince Lateef Fagbemi ( SAN ) , written to Fani-Kayode and Olayinka , claiming that they ( Amaechi ) had been defamed by messages on the duos twitter timeline concerning the controversy surrounding the recovered money .
The immediate past governor of Rivers State warned that there would be stiff legal actions should Fani-Kayode and Olayinka fail to adhere to their demand over the alleged defamatory acts .
Amaechi had in the copies of the two letters dated 14th April , 2017 quoted the offensive aspect of Fani-Kayode and Olayinka respectively as , “ The $ 43 million is Rotimi Amaechi 's . They own the flat it was found in ( sic ) too . NIA 's story is fake news ! NIA does not keep cash in minister 's flats . ”
“ The Osborne Towers , a luxury residential complex in Ikoyi , Lagos , where EFCC said it found $ 43,449,987 , 27,800 pounds N23,218,000 on Wednesday is owned by the Minister of Transportation , Rotimi Amaechi .
“ The house was built by Alhaji Adamu Muazu , the former Chairman of PDP , through a loan from GTBank . They could not repay the loan . So , GTBank took over the house and allocated the pent house to Muazu and two flats .
Advertisement
“ Rotimi Amaechi bought TWO of the flats ( 7A and 7B ) . They then gave 7A to Mo Abdul , the TV presenter , who is suspected to be their girlfriend . But the flat where the money was found belong ( sic ) to Rotimi Amaechi . This is believed to be cash kept for 2019 elections . Let 's see how the cover-up game goes . ”
Apart from the demand for an apology from the duo to be published in five national dailies and their twitter handle , Amaechi specifically asked for the sum of N500 million from Fani-Kayode “ as compensation for the malicious and defamatory claim ” .
He , however caution that the amount might increase should Fani-Kayode fail to address the situation as expected , while Olayinka was asked to also apologise in five national dailies and pay the sum of N750 million “ as compensation for the malicious and defamatory claim ” on their ( Olayinka ) twitter handle .
Parts of the letter to Fani-Kayode read , “ The attention of our client has been drawn to your tweet posted on your Twitter timeline ( @ realFFK ) where you claimed that , “ “ The $ 43 million is Rotimi Amaechi 's . They own the flat it was found in ( sic ) too . NIA 's story is fake news ! NIA does not keep cash in minister 's flats . ”
“ In view of the foregoing and in the spirit of a second chance , we have our client 's ( Amaechi ) instruction to give you an ultimatum of seven days from the receipt of this letter to issue an apology in five national dailies on your twitter handle . ”
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. ( AP ) — An Ohio man accused of ramming their car into a crowd of protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia will remain in jail – at least until they have an attorney .
Judge Robert Downer declined to set bond at a hearing Monday for James Alex Fields Jr. , who faces second-degree murder and other charges , until they have legal representation .
The judge says the public defenders ' office informed them it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday 's protest . Downer said Charles Weber , a local attorney , will be appointed to represent the 20-year-old Fields .
The next scheduled court hearing is Aug. 25 , though Fields ' attorney could request a bond hearing before then .
Fields was not physically present in the courtroom but appeared via a video monitor . They were seated and wearing a black and white striped uniform . They answered questions from the judge with simple responses of “ Yes , sir ” when asked if they understood the judge .
They told the judge , “ No , sir ” when asked if they had ties to the community of Charlottesville .
Fields is charged in the death of Heather Heyer , 32 , of Charlottesville . They died when Fields allegedly slammed their car amid a crowd of people protesting the white nationalist rally Saturday . Fields was arrested shortly after and has been in custody ever since .
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism , idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for their “ deeply held , radical ” convictions on race .
Efforts to recover the body of Mayor Gisela Boniel of Bien Unido , Bohol may have to end next week .
“ We 're looking at a period of 15 days ( since we started the search and retrieval operations last June 8 ) , ” said Chief Supt . Noli Taliño , director of the Police Regional Office in Central Visayas ( PRO-7 ) in an interview on Wednesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Once we utilize the necessary equipment and still we could not find the body , then we have to stop , ” they added .
Gisela 's body was believed to have been dumped into the sea between Bien Unido town in Bohol and Caubian Island in Lapu-Lapu City , Cebu , after they were allegedly shot in the head by their husband , Bohol Provincial Board Member Niño Rey Boniel last June 7 .
Niño and eight others were facing parricide complaint at the Lapu-Lapu City Prosecutor 's Office for allegedly killing Gisela .
The eight others were their cousin Riolito Boniel , driver Randel Lupas , Willy Hoylar , Wilson Hoylar , Restituto Magoncia Jr. , Lobo Boniel , Allan Delos Reyes Jr. and Brian Boniel Saycon .
Of the seven , four were at large . They were Wilson , Lobo , Delos Reyes and Saycon . The rest were arrested with Niño .
Niño is currently detained at the Fuente Police Station stockade located across the PRO-7 headquarters while the four were under the custody of the Regional Special Operations Group ( RSOG ) inside PRO-7 .
Scouring the sea
Divers continued to scour the sea off Caubian Island on Wednesday but still failed to recover Gisela 's body which was reportedly tied to a rock weighing 30 kilos before they were thrown into the waters .
Riolito , who operated the pump boat that was used to transport the body , led authorities to the spot where they threw Gisela 's body .
Riolito , who was endorsed as a state witness by the police , pointed Niño as the one who shot Gisela in the head .
The victim 's two brothers and two sisters dropped by Taliño 's office at Camp Sergio Osmeña , the PRO-7 headquarters in Cebu City , last Tuesday and appealed to the police to help the family secure justice for their slain sibling .
In a written message , Gisela 's family expressed their desire to recover the mayor 's body .
“ We , the family of Gisela Bendong Boniel , are deeply saddened for this sudden loss . We are closely coordinating with the authorities . Our main priority now is to locate them and their body , ” a note distributed to reporters read .
“ The case is now under the hands of authorities and we are certain that justice for our sister will be served . ”
Justice , not money
Gisela 's siblings stressed that they were not asking for any financial assistance in trying to recover their sister 's body .
“ Rumors have been circulating that the family is asking amount for the retrieval ( operations ) . We would like to inform our friends , relatives and Gisela 's friends that the family is not asking for any amount or solicitation for the retrieval of the body or for any purposes , ” they said .
They also asked the public to respect their privacy .
Gisela , Philippine AirAsia 's first female pilot , is a native of Iligan City .
Three of their relatives from Iligan City and Siquijor showed up at the Hilton Wharf in Barangay Punta Engaño , Lapu-Lapu City on Wednesday morning to join in the search and retrieval operation .
But they came a little late and instead waited for the search and retrieval team to return .
Gisela 's aunt Angeles Bendong said they heard about the victim 's death from news reports last week , prompting them to travel to Lapu-Lapu City to get firsthand updates from authorities .
“ We hope that justice will be served , and that all the persons responsible for their death will be incarcerated . We also hope that their body will be recovered , ” they said in an interview .
Gisela 's father already died years ago while their ailing mother was in Iligan City , they added .
Bendong was accompanied by their son Oscar and another relative Jess Bendong in going to Lapu-Lapu City .
Oscar appealed to the people of Bien Unido to express their support to the mayor whom they elected into office last year .
Acting mayor
Acting Bien Unido Mayor Rene Borinaga , in a report over DYTR in Bohol , said town officials agreed to donate P100,000 to PRO-7 to help defray the costs in the ongoing search and retrieval operations .
Borinaga assumed as acting mayor on Tuesday and then met with their department heads and councilors to discuss about releasing the funds for the search of their missing mayor .
Lapu-Lapu City Mayor Paz Radaza told a news conference on Wednesday that the city would continue providing support to the police in an attempt to recover Gisela 's body .
“ We have to support our police officers because the crime , as alleged , happened under the jurisdiction of Lapu-Lapu City , ” they said .
Radaza said Bohol Gov . Edgardo Chatto called them up to express the provincial government 's willingness to help in locating Gisela 's body .
They said they told Chatto that they would contact them if they needed help in the operations .
Body of evidence
The Lapu-Lapu City police earlier said at least P50,000 per day was spent for the search and retrieval operations .
Taliño reiterated that while finding Gisela 's body would boost their parricide case against their husband , it was not necessary .
“ With all the evidence and testimonies of our witnesses , we are optimistic that the cases we filed will prosper , ” they said .
Taliño said PRO-7 got legal advice from a group of retired judges , government prosecutors and private law practitioners who bonded together last year to render free legal assistance to police officers slapped with charges while in the performance of their regular duties .
The group is led by retired Court of Appeals Justice Isaias Dicdican , and retired Judge Silvestre Maamo Jr. of the Regional Trial Court in Cebu City .
NEW YORK : Caterpillar significantly upgraded its full-year forecast on Tuesday ( Apr 24 ) after first-quarter profits wowed Wall Street , but signalled earnings would moderate in the subsequent quarters in 2018 .
Shares of the industrial machine maker , a Dow component , experienced a roller-coaster session , surging just after the company reported a big earnings jump but sagging after executives tempered the outlook in a conference call with analysts and said costs of steel and other materials had risen
Near 1910 GMT , Caterpillar was down 5.7 per cent to US $ 145.28 .
Chief financial officer Bradley Halverson said the just-completed quarter was `` great , '' pointing to `` strength in the global economy as well as favourable pricing for both commodities has benefiting many of our end markets . ''
But Halverson said later in a conference call that the first quarter was the `` high-water mark '' for 2018 , due in part to exceptionally low capital spending in the first quarter .
Halverson said cost inflation for steel and other materials would also weigh on results more as the year continues . In the first quarter , Caterpillar enjoyed exceptionally strong pricing on goods made from these materials that more than offset higher material costs ; the pricing wo n't be as favourable later in the year , they said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Halverson described steel and other commodity costs as a `` headwind all year , '' but noted that many of the company 's clients benefit from the higher commodity prices , leading to more investment .
Caterpillar reported profits of US $ 1.7 billion for the quarter ending Mar 31 , dwarfing the US $ 192 million in the year-ago period . Revenues surged 30.9 per cent to US $ 12.9 billion .
In the construction sector , Caterpillar pointed to `` broad-based growth in all regions '' in 2018 , with North American and China especially strong .
The mining industry , which had been in a bruising slump a couple of years ago , has picked up considerably , leading to higher capital spending by companies .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The company also predicted sales gains in oil and gas due in part to strong demand for well servicing and gas compression applications in North America .
The figures are based on assumptions of continued global growth but it said potential effects from `` future geopolitical risks and increased trade restrictions have not been included in the outlook . ''
The company has been seen as vulnerable to a potential US-China trade war .
Australia out for sweep not India preparation in final test
by Reuters News 02 Jan 2017 , 12:16 IST
Cricket - Australia Nets - Headingley - 10/9/15 Australia 's Steve Smith and George Bailey during nets Action Images via Reuters / Philip Brown Livepic
By Nick Mulvenney
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Steve Smith 's sole aim will be to keep Australia in the winning habit when they take on a Pakistan side contemplating the imminent departure of their most successful captain in the dead rubber Sydney test this week .
With a first test series win of the season already in the bag after the dramatic victory in the Boxing Day test in Melbourne , Australia have continued the reconstruction of their team ahead of February 's four-test tour of India .
The recall of Steve O'Keefe for a twin-spin attack and inclusion of debutant batting all-rounder Hilton Cartwright gives Australia the look of a team getting an early start on preparations for a tour of the sub-continent .
Captain Smith , however , is well aware that little more than a month ago Australian cricket was in crisis after the home series loss to South Africa and their sights are firmly on victory and securing a 3-0 triumph over Pakistan .
`` The selectors probably have an eye on India and the guys that are a possibility to be there , '' Smith told reporters on Monday .
`` ( But ) you ca n't think too far ahead . The conditions are completely different , it 's a different kind of spin that you get out here compared to India .
`` We 're just focused on this test match at the moment , hopefully we can have a clean sweep . ''
Misbah-ul-Haq was so upset by the nature of the innings and 18-run defeat in Melbourne - a loss that ended their hopes of leading Pakistan to a first ever tour triumph in Australia - that they considered retiring from tests immediately .
The 42-year-old , who been considering hanging up their bat for more than a year and has scored only 20 runs in four innings in the series , ultimately decided to lead their country into the match but the end can not be far away .
`` You have to fight as a sportsman and that 's important for me also , '' they told reporters on Monday .
`` Everyone , from the support staff to the players are up for that , so I 'm also up . I need to play at my best . ''
Pakistan will also be looking for better from another veteran batsman in Younus Khan to bolster a line-up that has shown a worrying fragility in their last few test matches .
As in Melbourne , the weather will be a factor with rain forecast at the Sydney Cricket Ground ( SCG ) for all five days from Tuesday .
Head groundsman Tom Parker has promised a bit of traditional SCG turn , which is good news for O'Keefe and off-spinner Nathan Lyon but might also provide fitting conditions for Pakistan leg-spinner Yasir Shah to show the full range of their powers .
( Editing by Sudipto Ganguly )
WELLINGTON : London Olympics bronze medallist Simon Van Velthooven has been training with Team New Zealand 's for this year 's America 's Cup regatta as the syndicate turned to pedal power for their challenge , local media reported on Wednesday .
The team , who officially launch their new AC50 boat on Thursday ahead of the regatta that starts in May , were photographed on Tuesday with their grinders seated and powering the hydraulics needed to control the wingsail with their legs .
Local television then showed the super-fast foiling yacht on Waitemata Harbour in Auckland on Wednesday with four members of the six-man team pedalling , rather than using their arms to power the winches that provide the hydraulic pressure .
TVNZ reported that Van Velthooven , who won bronze in the kierin at the London Games but missed selection for last year 's Rio Olympics , had been involved in helping with the design of the system .
A Cycling New Zealand spokesperson also told local media that Van Velthooven had been granted a leave of absence from their sport 's high performance programme but was unsure as to what they were doing .
Former Team New Zealand skipper Dean Barker , who is leading Japan 's challenge for the America 's Cup , however , was not overly impressed with the innovation , having also considered switching to pedal power but ruled it out .
`` We evaluated it and did n't think it would pay for itself , '' Barker told Radio Sport . `` There 's a real balance ... the theory is 100 percent correct . Cycling will produce a hell of a lot more power .
`` But the dynamics of these boats , changing sides frequently , different manoeuvres , there is a cost to go down that path .
`` Good on them for giving a different concept a go . All the teams have evaluated - we have , Oracle also - and the decision we took is that it is n't going to pay for itself . ''
The regatta for the challenging syndicates - from Britain , Sweden , Japan , France and New Zealand - starts in Bermuda on May 26 with the America 's Cup beginning on June 17 between the winner of the qualifying regatta and holders Oracle Team USA .
( Reporting by Greg Stutchbury ; Editing by John O'Brien )
Provided photo
A pursuit between a suspect vehicle and the Ohio State Highway Patrol ended outside of the Shell gas station on Main Street in Piqua on Wednesday morning .
Provided photo
A pursuit between a suspect vehicle and the Ohio State Highway Patrol ended outside of the Shell gas station on Main Street in Piqua on Wednesday morning .
Provided photo
A pursuit between a suspect vehicle and the Ohio State Highway Patrol ended outside of the Shell gas station on Main Street in Piqua on Wednesday morning .
Staff reports
Provided photo A pursuit between a suspect vehicle and the Ohio State Highway Patrol ended outside of the Shell gas station on Main Street in Piqua on Wednesday morning . https : //www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/07/web1_crash-3.jpg Provided photo A pursuit between a suspect vehicle and the Ohio State Highway Patrol ended outside of the Shell gas station on Main Street in Piqua on Wednesday morning . Provided photo A pursuit between a suspect vehicle and the Ohio State Highway Patrol ended outside of the Shell gas station on Main Street in Piqua on Wednesday morning . https : //www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/07/web1_crash-1-copy.jpg Provided photo A pursuit between a suspect vehicle and the Ohio State Highway Patrol ended outside of the Shell gas station on Main Street in Piqua on Wednesday morning . Provided photo A pursuit between a suspect vehicle and the Ohio State Highway Patrol ended outside of the Shell gas station on Main Street in Piqua on Wednesday morning . https : //www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/07/web1_crash-2.jpg Provided photo A pursuit between a suspect vehicle and the Ohio State Highway Patrol ended outside of the Shell gas station on Main Street in Piqua on Wednesday morning .
TOKYO : Former Porto coach Vitor Pereira has been unveiled as the new manager of Chinese Super League ( CSL ) side Shanghai SIPG , replacing fellow Portuguese Andre Villas-Boas at the helm .
Pereira , who took over at Porto after Villas-Boas left the club to join Chelsea , has been handed the task of ending Guangzhou Evergrande 's dominance after the southern Chinese side notched up a seventh straight CSL success last season .
Villas-Boas steered SIPG to second in the league as well as to the final of the Chinese FA Cup and semi-finals of the Asian Champions League before leaving the club at the end of the season to drive in next month 's Dakar Rally .
SIPG have invested heavily in foreign playing talent in an attempt to claim the title , spending in excess of 150 million euros ( 132.4 million pounds ) over the last two years to lure the likes of Brazilian duo Oscar and Hulk to the China .
Pereira worked as Villas-Boas ' assistant when Porto won the Europa League title in 2011 before taking over as head coach when the latter departed for Stamford Bridge .
( Reporting by Michael Church in Tokyo ; Editing by John O'Brien )
Advertisement
As long as atomic bombs exist , a disaster is inevitable , the head of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons , the winner of this year 's Nobel Peace Prize , said Saturday .
“ We are facing a clear choice right now : The end of nuclear weapons or the end of us , ” Beatrice Fihn told at news conference surrounded by too many empty chairs at the Norwegian Nobel Committee .
“ An impulsive tantrum , a calculated military escalation , a terrorist or cyberattack or a complete accident — we will see the use of nuclear weapons unless they are eliminated , ” they warned .
“ These weapons do not make us safe , they are not a deterrent , they only spur other states to pursue their own nuclear weapons . And if you are not comfortable with Kim Jong-un having nuclear weapons , then you are not comfortable with nuclear weapons . If you 're not comfortable with Donald Trump having nuclear weapons , then you are not comfortable with nuclear weapons , ” Fihn said .
Nuclear weapons , and activities such as their use , testing , development , manufacture , deployment and acquisition , are prohibited by the UN Treaty , and it is only a matter of time before their use is recognised as a crime against humanity and their possession becomes unacceptable for any civilised nation to continue with . This is what happened when treaties prohibiting biological and chemical weapons came into force .
Many foreign countries Working Together with atom bomb power countries towards a Common Goal against to the Norwegian Child Welfare Service ( Barnevernet ) also will not participate in the award of the Nobel Peace Prize 2017 .
The Norwegian Child Welfare Service ( Barnevernet ) has long been accused of overreach in its abusive situations . it is having high-handed practices and its role in countless cases of child confiscation , serving as a brutal reminder of our history 's worst nightmares .
Pakistan : Ambassador , according to the Embassy , ​​is abroad and is therefore prevented from attending . The Embassy is considering sending Level 2 instead .
India : According to the Embassy of India , the ambassador is on holiday when the Peace Prize Award takes place . The Embassy considers sending another , but does not know who .
Israel : The Israeli Embassy should originally send the Embassy Secretary to the Peace Prize Award instead of the Ambassador . The Embassy informed NRK that it was because “ the ambassador would give more opportunity to experience a very nice ceremony , as they themselves experienced it before ” . In order to avoid misunderstandings that the original decision could be politically motivated and related to the year 's peace prize winner , the Israeli ambassador will nevertheless come with the distribution .
China : According to the Embassy of China , the ambassador is on vacation for the year . The Embassy currently has no plans to send someone else instead .
Russia : The Russian embassy first announced that the ambassador would participate in the award of the Nobel Peace Prize to ICAN . Following the publication of the NRK 's ​​case that the ambassadors of the United States , Britain and France boycott this year 's award ceremony , Russia has changed plans and will still not send the ambassador .
USA : The United States will be represented by number two at the embassy , ​​not the ambassador . “ Together with the UK and France , we have agreed on our participation .
UK : The British Embassy should be represented by the Vice Ambassador , not the Ambassador . “ We have agreed with our United States and France about our participation .
France : – This year the French embassy in Norway will be represented by the Vice Ambassador . France will work for disarmament . Like all NATO Allies and all nuclear powers , France is deeply skeptical about what the Treaty prohibits nuclear weapons in the disarmament , and France will not sign the Treaty .
Many countries affected by the Norwegian Child Welfare Service ( Barnevernet ) will send very low level Embassy officials to the Peace Prize Award event at the Oslo city hall .
North Korea : North Korea has no embassy in Norway and is therefore not invited .
The Norwegian Child Welfare Services are periodically the subject of public criticism , generally they are criticised for taking over custody too easily ( i.e. , for having a too low threshold for taking action ) .
( NRK , Norwegian press , Nadarajah Sethurupan )
Exterior vehicle lighting specialist U.S.-based Varroc Lighting Sytems has acquired Istanbul-based Sa-ba Automotive , a statement confirmed Monday .
`` Through Sa-ba Automotive , Varroc Lighting gains valuable manufacturing and production capacity with a 10,000-square-meter manufacturing and technology center near Istanbul , and a new plant under construction in Dimitrovgrad , Bulgaria , '' the statement said . The terms and conditions of the acquisition , however , were not disclosed .
It also noted that the 20,000-square-meter Bulgaria plant will give Varroc Lighting expanded and scalable production capacity for its European customers .
`` This acquisition further underscores our commitment to a global footprint that provides our customers with cost-effective and high-quality lighting products and technology , '' said Stephane Vedie , president and CEO of Varroc Lighting Systems .
`` Turkey is a growing market , and our presence there helps us expand the services we can provide to our growing customer base , while substantially increasing our capabilities in small lighting . ''
In the statement , Varroc Lighting said that the acquisition was the sixth business initiative in the past 16 months that directly support the expansion of its global product portfolio and manufacturing and engineering footprint .
It also noted its manufacturing and product development facilities based in Morocco , Brazil , Japan , and Poland . It recently opened an expanded Lighting Development Center in Ostrava , Czech Republic while expanding manufacturing capabilities in Vietnam .
With the acquisition of the Istanbul-based company , Varroc Lighting now has a global presence in 17 countries across five continents .
SHANGHAI : PSA Group , the maker of Peugeot , Citroen and DS cars , needs more drastic cost cuts and new SUVs to reverse a slump in sales in China , Chief Executive Carlos Tavares said on Tuesday .
The Paris-based group must find `` a new business model '' and bigger purchasing , logistics and manufacturing savings to offset falling prices , Tavares said at the Shanghai auto show .
Their comments highlight the pressures felt by mid-market global carmakers as Chinese consumers turn to increasingly competitive offerings from domestic brands such as Geely , Guangzhou and Baojun , jointly owned by General Motors and SAIC .
The French carmaker builds Peugeots and Citroens in China with 13.7 percent shareholder Dongfeng and assembles its premium DS models with another partner , Changan Automobile .
Shares in PSA , which agreed last month to acquire rival Opel from GM , were down 2 percent at 17.22 euros at 1200 GMT , while the Stoxx Europe 600 autos index was down 1.1 percent .
Competition has intensified in China as rival western brands and their local manufacturing partners slash prices , Tavares told reporters . `` The joint ventures panicked . ''
The Chinese auto market expanded 15 percent overall in 2016 , and growth is expected to be slower but positive this year .
But PSA 's sales fell 16 percent in the region last year and the decline has accelerated since . Deliveries were down by almost half in the first two months of 2017 , when the Citroen brand achieved little more than one-third of its tally for the same period last year .
Demand has also shifted from the saloons and hatchbacks that account for most of PSA 's line-up to higher-riding models and Citroen will soon begin Chinese sales of the new C5 Aircross compact SUV , unveiled at the Shanghai show .
`` More SUVs in the Chinese market is a must , '' Tavares said , adding that the group needs `` much more cost reductions '' .
But Tavares declined to give a progress report on PSA 's earlier pledge to reduce China production costs by 10 percent annually . The cuts were `` hard to achieve '' , they said .
( Reporting by Joseph White ; Writing by Laurence Frost ; Editing by David Evans , Greg Mahlich )
Youku , the video streaming platform controlled by Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba , has partnered with China Central Television ( CCTV ) to stream the upcoming soccer World Cup .
CCTV is the traditional broadcast home of World Cup soccer in China . The deal with Youku covers live streaming of 64 matches as well as off-game sidelights . Youku will be the only one of the big three streaming players to have the competition . Last summer Youku claimed 325 million monthly active users .
The quadrennial soccer tournament is one of the world 's biggest media events and , in many countries , causes schedulers to avoid it or run counter-programming . In countries with large fan bases for soccer , and where competition matches are broadcast in the evening , there is sometimes a negative impact on theatrical box office as well .
The competition this year involves 32 teams . It is being held in venues around Russia from June 14 to July 15 .
China boast tens , perhaps hundreds of millions of soccer fans , and the national government is keen to make the country a force in the sport at a global level . At local level , Chinese soccer teams teams have spent vast sums attracting leading international players and managerial talent , but the Chinese national team consistently struggles and will not be represented in Russia this year .
Dalian Wanda , which has expanded from property into entertainment and sport , signed a deal in 2016 to be a partner of soccer governing body FIFA . That gave Wanda the highest level of sponsorship , and marketing rights to all FIFA competitions , including the next four World Cup tournaments .
James Brightman Editor , North America Wednesday 14th June 2017 Share this article Share
More and more game developers are not only pushing for diversity in the workforce but for more diverse representation within games . This year 's crop of games at E3 is a positive step in that direction , but there 's plenty of work to do , says Feminist Frequency . The organization published its third annual gender breakdown of the games on display at the major press conferences , and the findings show that over half ( 58 out of 109 ) of the titles shown allow for multi-gender options or for players to create their own character .
That being said , where there 's clearly room for improvement is in the games where you are handed control of a preexisting character . Carolyn Petit writes , `` Being given the option to create your own character , or playing as multiple characters of different genders , is great . But it 's worth noting that , in games where a choice of gender is not provided , over three times as many games featured centered on men as centered on women ...
`` We appreciate and commend those games that featured female characters and players in their E3 demos . Anthem , for instance , is a game in which players can determine the gender of their character , but the demo centered on a female character and female player . Presentations like this help to normalize the presence of women in both online and physical gaming spaces .
`` Compared to last year , in which 12 times as many games featured male characters as featured female heroes , this would be a very good year . But the very fact that a year in which the number of games featuring men only outstrips those featuring women by a factor of 3 ½ instead of a factor of 12 qualifies as a 'good year ' is itself tremendously damning , revealing that there is still so far to go before we come anywhere close to achieving gender equity in gaming representations . ''
It 's worth noting that the work Feminist Frequency has been doing is having an impact on game developers . In fact , Arkane 's co-creative director Harvey Smith , explained in an interview with Engadget ( via Polygon ) that the reason Emily Kaldwin was playable in Dishonored 2 was that the team listened to the criticism about gender .
`` At first you take some criticism and you go , 'Wait a minute , ' and then you go look and it 's like , 'Wow , every woman in Dishonored 1 is either a servant , a prostitute , a witch , a queen or a little girl , ' '' Smith said . `` Or a mistress . We had a mistress . That was not our intention .
`` When something like that pops up , you can get defensive if you want , or you can say , 'Guys , let me just ask this : Did we mean that ? ' And the answer is no , we did not mean that . ''
Aside from gender , Feminist Frequency also took a look at the content and gameplay mechanics driving most games at E3 . If the medium of games is to mature and take the art form to the next level , it ca n't rely solely on violence . And yet , Feminist Frequency 's findings show that 80 % of the games featured during the E3 briefings utilized combat or violence as the main mechanic .
Petit adds , `` As with our numbers on gender , it 's important to understand that this data is n't meant to suggest that every game that employs combat mechanics is bad , or that every game that does n't will be good . Additionally , we are in no way equating all games that employ violent mechanics with each other ; the data is n't intended to suggest that the colorful sword-swinging of Tunic is the equivalent of the brutal beheadings we may see in a game like Middle-Earth : Shadow of War . Rather , we present the data to call attention to how prevalent violence remains in games of all kinds , because when violence is so consistently seen as a core component of game design , it limits our sense of what games are capable of and what kinds of stories they can tell . ''
All schools across Powys were closed on Monday morning as Powys started to get moving following the weekend 's snowy weather .
Train services were disrupted with some services cancelled altogether .
Gritters and snow ploughs were out clearing the roads as people slipped and slid to work as best they could .
Youngsters enjoying the snow at Guilsfield . Video by Phil Blagg
Although all schools were listed as closed all day on Monday on the Powys County Council website ( http : //www.powys.gov.uk/ ) , none was yet listed as closed for Tuesday .
A spokesperson for Powys County Council also said : “ Due to adverse weather there will be no refuse and recycling collections today . We apologise for the inconvenience .
“ We also request that you please only contact the highways department in an emergency . ”
Police have warned the picture on our roads is changeable and people are being urged to reconsider travel plans and advised to plan an alternative route in case of road closures . Details can be found at Traffic-Wales website http : //www.traffic-wales.com/ – they urge “ Please check the website before travelling to avoid getting in to difficulty . ”
Dyfed-Powys Police is asking people to consider their options before contacting them , as they are experiencing high demand .
Police should only be called for weather-related issues if there is a significant risk to others , or there has been a collision and someone is injured – in this case call 999 . Otherwise , organisations such as Western Power , BT Openreach , local authority etc . will be better placed to help you . Please only call the police about weather related issues , including road closures , if it is urgent .
Always call 999 in an emergency , such as when a crime is in progress , when there is danger to life or when violence is being used or threatened . If you are deaf , deafened , hard of hearing or have a speech impairment , a text phone is available on 18000 .
For details of school closures visit the Powys County Council website for information : http : //www.powys.gov.uk/
McLaren 's Fernando Alonso will start this weekend 's Japanese Grand Prix from the back of the grid after the Spaniard picked up a 35-place penalty when the team 's mechanics fitted their car with a fresh power unit on Friday night .
SUZUKA , Japan : McLaren 's Fernando Alonso will start this weekend 's Japanese Grand Prix from the back of the grid after the Spaniard picked up a 35-place penalty when the team 's mechanics fitted their car with a fresh power unit on Friday night .
The team broke curfew - during which members associated with the operation of the car must leave the track - after the engine the double world champion used on the opening day of practice suffered a hydraulic issue .
Rules restrict drivers to no more than four power units and its constituent components for the duration a season , and Alonso has long exceeded their allocation as McLaren continues to struggle with a lack of reliability from their Honda engines .
Sunday 's grand prix at Suzuka is the home race for the Japanese manufacturer , who will part ways with McLaren at the end of the season after three years of dismal performances , with the Surrey-based team switching to Renault power units .
Honda will instead supply engines to Red Bull 's junior team Toro Rosso , currently powered by Renault , whose Spanish driver Carlos Sainz has also been hit with a 20-place penalty for exceeding their allocation of engine components .
Mercedes driver Valtteri Bottas will also drop five places for an unscheduled gearbox change .
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Reporting by Abhishek Takle in Suzuka ; Editing by John O'Brien )
Director Feroz Abbas Khan , who is behind the Mughal-e-Azam musical to be staged here next month , says that all those involved in the making of the play knew it had to be perfect.The musical , which will premiere in Delhi on September 8 , is based on the K. Asif-directorial Mughal-e-Azam which starred thespian Dilip Kumar and ethereal beauty Madhubala.While the costumes for the musical have been designed by ace fashion designer Manish Malhotra , the dances which will be mostly in classical form , staying true to the 1960 Indian epic historical drama film , have been choreographed by Mayuri Upadhya.Since the musical 's two different creative aspects have two big names on board , did Khan face any trouble in the co-ordination ? `` No , not at all . The two are collaborators who knew that we have to respect the memories of the original Mughal-e-Azam and all of us knew that we come with great respect for it . It was clear that we have to create a production that pays tribute to that trademark . `` All of them gave their inputs and collaborated in their own ways , '' Khan , who is known for directing plays like Saalgirah , Tumhari Amrita , Salesman Ramlal and Kuch Bhi Ho Sakta Ha said .
In this Dec. 21 , 2016 , photo , President-elect Donald Trump speaks to members of the media at Mar-a-Lago , in Palm Beach , Fla .
Getting off social media wo n't be one of Donald Trump 's New Year 's resolutions , a top aide confirmed Sunday , adding that America can expect more policy pronouncements and newsmakers in 140-character missives from the president-elect before and after their inauguration , NBC News reported .
Days after Trump surprised national security experts by calling for more nuclear arms , incoming press secretary Sean Spicer told ABC News that Trump would n't shy away from using Twitter freely when in office — although the last time U.S. nuclear policy was detailed , it came after a year of deliberation .
`` I think it freaks the mainstream media out that they have this following of over 45-plus million people that follow them on social media , that they can have a direct conversation . They do n't have to have it funneled through the media , '' Spicer said on ABC 's `` This Week . '' `` You 're going to see — absolutely you 're going to see Twitter . ''
Trump 's 2016 was colored by dozens of Twitter-spurred headlines and results — some intended , some not . Take a look at their top 140-character moments .
'Late Night ' : Tweetin ' With the Prez
Host Seth Meyers looks ahead to `` the most tweet-filled presidency in history '' by pulling some President-elect Donald Trump 's best tweets . ( Published Wednesday , Dec. 21 , 2016 )
Early reviews are officially in for the 19th entry in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , “ Avengers : Infinity War. ” The film premiered at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood Monday night , while the film 's wide release is slated for this Friday .
The latest film from Marvel is directed by Anthony and Joe Russo , who are no strangers to the franchise , having directed both the Captain America sequels following “ The First Avenger ” — “ Winter Solder ” and “ Civil War. ” “ Infinity War ” also rides on the coattails of the monumental box office success of “ Black Panther . ”
Variety 's Owen Gleiberman likens “ Infinity War ” to “ What If Marvel Threw a Superhero Party and Everyone Came ? ” And despite the fact that the film is “ knowingly overstuffed , ” Gleiberman further notes that “ it 's the first to push to the wall , to the max , to the ultron the notion that the MCU really is a universe : a vast intermeshed thicket of comic-book icons , destined to be an army that 's greater ( in theory , at least ) than the sum of its parts . If , for decades , the metaphor for propulsive blockbuster filmmaking was the ‘ ride , ' then watching ‘ Avengers : Infinity War ' is like going to a theme park and taking three spins on every ride there . ”
The second installment of “ Infinity War ” is set to hit theaters May 3 , 2019 . Read below to see what the critics are saying about the latest superhero mash-up .
Variety 's Owen Gleiberman :
“ So is the movie a jumbled , top-heavy mess of cynical franchise overkill ? Sort of like the bloated and chaotic ‘ Avengers : Age of Ultron ' taken to the second power ? Far from it . It 's a sleekly witty action opera that 's at once overstuffed and bedazzling . The directors , Anthony and Joe Russo , as they proved in the two ‘ Captain America ' sequels , are far more stylish and exacting filmmakers than Joss Whedon , who made the first two ‘ Avengers ' films . ‘ Infinity War ' is a brashly entertaining jamboree , structured to show off each hero or hero and give them just enough to do , and to update their mythologies without making it all feel like homework . At the same time , you may begin to lose hold of what made each of these characters , you know , special . ”
Vulture 's David Edelstein :
“ Audiences by this point have so much feeling for these characters that the Russos get by with a lot of undistinguished work . People applaud at the first sight of Wakanda , as if cheering its very existence . And while Chadwick Boseman 's T'Challa and their marvelous women warriors have nothing particularly novel to do , merely seeing them again so soon ( with ‘ Black Panther ' still in some multiplexes ) is a treat . ”
Indiewire 's Eric Kohn :
“ ‘ Avengers : Infinity War ' contains the most dramatic cliffhanger of any major blockbuster since ‘ The Empire Strikes Back , ' and everything leading up to it is a marathon . After 18 movies and 10 years of Marvel superheroes battling through overlapping plots , sibling directors Anthony and Joe Russo unite nearly every single character for a series of epic showdowns and one giant , universe-shattering threat . It 's a lot more cohesive than ‘ Avengers : Age of Ultron , ' and the sprawling , busy ensemble often feels like every Marvel movie engaged in overlapping conversation , like a slow-zoom from the Robert Altman playbook laced with CGI . As a virtuoso juggling act , ‘ Infinity War ' has no real parallel in popular culture ; as a movie , it 's an impressive montage of the greatest hits until the gut punch of a finale . ”
Entertainment Weekly 's Chris Nashawaty :
“ Let 's be clear , ‘ Infinity War ' is a movie for the fans . Especially those who 've spent any time wondering what it would be like to witness Chris Hemsworth 's Thor wisecracking with Chris Pratt 's Star-Lord , or tagging along with some of the Avengers as they hightail it to Wakanda ( the arrival there got a rousing wave of applause at my screening ) . It 's the Marvel equivalent of watching the old ‘ We Are the World ' video ( Hey , it 's Bob Dylan singing between to Cyndi Lauper and Huey Lewis ! ) . And for the most part , this super-sized mash-up works better than you 'd expect . There are occasional tonal disparities when you get a smart-aleck character firing off quips next to a stoically straight-faced one like Chris Evans ' Captain America . Even in the real world , if you put a large enough group of people in a room together , all of the different personalities are n't necessarily going to mesh . Comic book heroes , they 're just like us ! ”
CNN 's Brian Lowry :
“ Marvel has set the hype bar high even by its standards with ‘ Avengers : Infinity War , ' a massive assembly of practically every hero in its cinematic portfolio , representing the culmination of a decade 's worth of groundwork . As sheer spectacle the movie amply delivers , hitting the ground running ( and punching and leaping ) , in a gigantic enterprise that colorfully unfolds simultaneously on multiple fronts . ”
Vanity Fair 's Richard Lawson :
“ The story will conclude next year with a part-two film , which gives ‘ Infinity War ' a slightly unsatisfying tang . Still , I appreciate the film 's move toward something concrete , inching us closer to a time when at least some of these stories will be complete . I do n't necessarily wish death upon any of these ( largely resurrectable ) gods and aliens and souped-up humans , but the faint sense of impending finality hanging in ‘ Infinity War 's ' air is refreshing . ”
The Verge 's Bryan Bishop :
“ The long-awaited face-off between the Avengers and Thanos ( Josh Brolin ) , the MCU 's ultimate big bad , is massively entertaining , deftly incorporating dozens of characters across multiple storylines with a kinetic flair . Its devotion to banter and one-liners makes it one of the funniest movies in the studio 's history , but it 's also a film where very bad things happen to good people . After years of movies where even the most mediocre heroes appeared to be invulnerable and indomitable , it 's an arresting jolt — and exactly the film the franchise needed . ”
The New York Times ' A.O . Scott :
“ Considered on its own , as a single , nearly 2-hour-40-minute movie , ‘ Avengers : Infinity War ' makes very little sense , apart from the near convergence of its title and its running time . Early on , someone menacingly ( and presciently ) says , ‘ You may think this is suffering . No : It 's salvation . ' That 's a bit overstated either way . It 's puzzlement and irritation and also , yes , delight . But of course this film , the 19th installment in a series , was never meant to be viewed or judged in isolation . In that respect it should n't really be thought of as a movie at all , at least in the ways people with jobs like mine are accustomed to using the word . Which poses a few difficulties , for me and also , I would argue , for you .
Vox 's Alex Abad-Santos :
“ ‘ Avengers : Infinity War ' feels like a Marvel movie on bath salts . Trying to describe any part of it alone will make you sound like you 've lost your mind ; trying to describe it all kind of makes it sound like it 's lost its mind . And it 's all the more confounding for how closely it mirrors its decade of movie predecessors only to end up shattering that mirror : ‘ Infinity War ' moves , sounds , and acts like a typical Marvel movie , but then unmasks itself as a creature distinctly its own . ”
RELATED CONTENT
Share :
I would like to draw the attention of the authority concerned towards a serious matter . Pakistan is currently going through one of the most threatening problems and issues which is loadshedding of electricity for both domestic and commercial use .
People all over Pakistan who are being deprived of electricity in this saddened summer are extremely frustrated because it has affected their routine work and the bussiness which are being processed in the country .
Karachi , the Metropolitan city of Pakistan according to media reports : Electricity has been going out three to four times a day . With the start of summer in Karachi , darkness come with it in the form of extreme loadshedding . Rise in temperature has intensified unschedule loadshedding , power remain shut down for hours in several localities of the city . Due to destructive loadshedding and unannounced outage in several areas of Karachi has landed people in to an unending misery .
Students are facing problems in studying because of lack of electricity in educational institudes , leading the students to study in this hot weather without the comfort of electricity .
The locals of Karachi have expressed anger over the unannounced shortfall of electricty , not only K.Electric is making them live without electricity but charge them high as compared to normal bills , which is just too much . The protest of loadshedding is being made all over the country .
The government promise to eliminate the longstanding problem of the country has come to an dark end . The continuous rise and fall of electricity has made the life of a Pakistani very problematic .
The authorities concerned should really pay heed to this problem and try to tame it at best because electricity is the basic necessity of a country and its shortfall has dented the national economy . And in this hot summer people are in dire need of relief from this problem .
AIMAN MUNEER ,
Karachi , May 5 .
We now know who won the auction for a 1930s Purdue jersey believed to have been worn by basketball great John Wooden .
Perhaps fittingly , one Boilermaker sports legend stepped up to ensure a major piece of another 's legacy would remain in Mackey Arena for generations .
Via video presentation after the dinner and question-and-answer session at a John Purdue Club `` Boilermakers on the Road '' gathering in Jeffersonville , Drew Brees came forward as the previously anonymous auction winner .
Technically the Boilermaker alum and star New Orleans Saints quarterback is loaning the jersey to Purdue , though they said it `` will reside in the halls of Mackey Arena forever . ''
The auction 's full sale price of $ 264,000 earlier this month — $ 220,000 for the high bid , $ 44,000 for the buyer 's premium — set a record for a college basketball jersey , according to Heritage Auctions .
Brees learned of the jersey 's availability from Orlando Itin , owner of Bruno 's Swiss Inn restaurant in West Lafayette . They and Tom Schott , Purdue 's senior associate athletic director for communications , sent Brees more information about the jersey . That included a Journal & Courier article about how the Neff family of Clinton County passed the jersey down through the years .
`` The first words out of my mouth to them upon finding out the John Wooden jersey would be made available to the public was , ‘ We have to get this for Purdue University . This jersey belongs in Mackey Arena back at Purdue , ' `` Brees said in the video .
Purdue fans gathered at Kye 's event center in this Louisville suburb to land autographs from and rub elbows with Boilermaker coaches .
They did n't know it , but their $ 35 was supposed to get them much more than fried chicken and a smile in the autograph line .
Brees are secretly scheduled to attend as well and reveal the jersey , which has been in West Lafayette since last week . Bad weather scuttled their travel plans , so they instead submitted the video announcement from Peoria , Illinois .
Schott said plans for the the display and care of the jersey are still being discussed . They said Purdue planned to reach out to curators at the College Football Hall of Fame for guidance .
“ Just the rarity , and the fact no one has seen such an item before , ” Schott said of the significance of bringing the item to Purdue . “ Personally I love history , and I love memorabilia . I ca n't think of a more exciting thing to have at Purdue than John Wooden 's jersey . It may be the rarest of college basketball memorabilia . ”
Schott said no Purdue funds were used in the auction , though the athletic department will take on the cost of the jersey 's display and upkeep .
Itin displays a plethora of Purdue and other sports memorabilia in Big O 's Sports Room at their restaurant . They originally hoped the bidding would stay near the low end of its $ 30,000-plus expected auction price .
They soon realized they needed to find a partner with deeper pockets .
Such an honor to bring John Wooden 's 1930-1932 jersey back home to Purdue . Their legend and legacy started here ! # BoilerUp @ CoachPainter @ BoilerBall pic.twitter.com/1nsY4UCSy3 — Drew Brees ( @ drewbrees ) May 30 , 2018
Itin said they have sent Brees items pertaining to Wooden in the past , and the quarterback keeps a picture of the icon in their locker . As the online auction wound down late at night on May 17 , Itin placed a $ 100,000 bid on Brees ' behalf . Two other bidders surpassed the Purdue coalition .
Itin checked in with Brees via text and got the go-ahead to keep bidding into the early morning hours . The final auction price dwarfed the previous record for a college basketball jersey , set by a Lew Alcindor/Kareem Abdul-Jabbar UCLA jersey .
`` He said . 'Big O , do whatever you 've got to do , ' `` Itin said .
Purdue currently displays a Wooden letter sweater in the centerpiece of the Mackey Arena Ring of Honor . However , Schott said displaying the jersey could be more complicated .
Ca n't thank @ drewbrees enough for bringing Coach Wooden 's jersey home . Excited to have it hang in Mackey Arena .
The # Purdue family is something else . pic.twitter.com/osgCS7l08W — Purdue 's Matt Painter ( @ CoachPainter ) May 30 , 2018
Ideally , it would be displayed so fans could see the “ Purdue ” in gold letters with black trim on one side and Wooden 's number 13 on the other .
However , Mackey Arena is a public venue with people walking in and out , creating security concerns for an item with a now-established value of more than a quarter million dollars .
Wooden , a Martinsville native , was a three-time All-American and national player of the year at Purdue prior to their legendary coaching career at UCLA .
Brees was the Heisman Trophy finalist quarterback for Purdue 's 2001 Rose Bowl team . Their Hall of Fame-caliber career with the San Diego Chargers and New Orleans Saints includes the Super Bowl XLIV championship and a multitude of records for passing yards and touchdowns .
Brees ' previous generosity towards Purdue athletics includes a $ 2 million gift in 2007 that helped establish the Drew and Brittany Brees Student-Athlete Academic Center . They also donated an additional $ 1 million in 2015 to support the Purdue Football Master Plan . That plan included the Purdue Football Performance Complex , which opened last fall .
Brees ' emergence as the buyer answers one mystery about the jersey . Others linger . How did Frank Neff , a contemporary of Wooden 's at Purdue and purported longtime friend , acquire the jersey from Wooden ? Per Neff family recollection , Frank kept the jersey in a box in a bedroom drawer and rarely showed it off or even talked about it .
The jersey passed down to John Neff after their grandfather 's death , and they also stored it in a box in their closet for years before researching its authenticity . The once-white wool fabric has yellowed slightly with age , and the jersey bears some slight stains and at least one hole left by moths .
Memorabilia Evaluation and Research Services — known in the collectibles industry by the acronym MEARS — graded the item A9 on a scale of 10 . It vouched for the authenticity of the jersey based on the item 's condition , materials , tagging and other identifiers and the Neff family 's letters of provenance .
Itin , who was initially somewhat skeptical of the jersey , said Tuesday they are `` 100 percent convinced this is genuine . ''
`` This is probably the most rare and unique college basketball jersey ever found , '' said Itin , who received the jersey via Federal Express last week . `` There 's no doubt in my mind . ''
John Neff said they used to live around the corner from Bruno 's . While they always hoped for the highest bid possible , they also hoped the buyer would realize its significance .
Brees helped fulfill both preferences .
`` I thought it was fantastic , '' said Neff , who did not know Brees was the buyer until watching Purdue 's live stream of the event on Facebook . `` I 'm thankful that it was a Purdue alum and that it 's going to stay right where it belongs . ''
© Gannett Co. , Inc. 2018 . All Rights Reserved
[ I ]
[ II ]
One might get shot at if they ventures out night - Rehmat Bibi
[ III ]
CG Jora , surrounded by Bangladesh on three sides with an Indian road leading to it , was fenced only a decade ago .
This place has not given us anything - Birajuddin
It takes one to spot one .
The OPP is taking an unconventional approach to a trucking safety blitz that launched Monday – officers are conducting patrols in truck tractors to better spot drivers who are distracted behind the wheel .
The strategy is being used for the first time during Operation Safe Trucking , which runs through Friday and aims to reduce the number collisions involving commercial vehicles on OPP-patrolled roads .
The five-day blitz tackles speeding , following too closely , seatbelt use , hours of service violations , and distracted , aggressive and impaired driving . Vehicles with mechanical , load security or other safety issues will be tackled with the help of Ministry of Transportation inspectors .
So far this year , the OPP has investigated more than 6,200 transport-truck related collisions and 87 people died in 72 of those crashes , commissioner Vince Hawkes said Monday .
“ Every year , collisions that involve commercial motor vehicles are in the thousands and they result in significant loss of life , ” Hawkes said . “ Adding truck tractors to our list of enforcement tools will enhance our officers ' observation and investigative skills during Operation Safe Trucking and future initiatives that focus on commercial motor vehicle safety . ”
Distracted driving accounts for more than a quarter of crashes involving commercial vehicles , and the OPP warns motorists are n't off the hook during the blitz .
“ Officers will also be addressing dangerous behaviours on the part of all drivers , ” the force warned .
LIVERPOOL : Liverpool are banking on Mohamed Salah and the passion of the Anfield crowd to propel them towards the Champions League final on Tuesday ( Apr 24 ) but Roma stand in their way in a mouthwatering repeat of the 1984 title decider .
Spearheaded by Salah and inspired from the touchline by exuberant manager Jurgen Klopp , Liverpool will look to repeat the blitzkrieg attack that blew Premier League champions Manchester City away in the previous round .
But the five-times champions will be wary of the team that staged a remarkable comeback against European aristocrats Barcelona in the last eight , overcoming a 4-1 first-leg deficit to progress to their first European Cup semi-final in 34 years .
Klopp is credited by both City manager Pep Guardiola and Roma 's American co-owner James Pallotta for transforming 25-year-old Salah , who joined the club from Roma last year , from a rather nervy finisher into a deadly striker who has scored more than 40 times for Liverpool this season .
`` I think the coach there has clearly figured out how best to utilise him , using them in a different position I would say to Roma because you 've got ( Edin ) Dzeko in the middle , '' Pallotta told the BBC .
Roma 's record of losing their past three Champions League games on the road - conceding eight goals in the process - does not bode well ahead of a visit to the home of Liverpool , who have tightened up at the back since the arrival in January of Dutch defender Virgil van Dijk .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Bruce Grobbelaar , the hero for Liverpool in the 1984 penalty shootout against Roma - unnerving Italy 1982 World Cup-winning duo Bruno Conti and Francesco Graziani with their wobbly knees routine - believes their former side will prevail .
`` Liverpool will win the semi-final and final too . Football was invented by the English , do n't forget , '' Grobbelaar said . `` Roma must have been mad to sell Mo Salah . Either that or they really needed the money . ''
Manager Jurgen Klopp has urged Liverpool fans to create an intense atmosphere inside Anfield , not outside , after the Manchester City bus was attacked before their quarter-final . ( Photo : AFP/Paul Ellis )
Despite their rich heritage in the competition , Liverpool - who last won the Champions League in 2005 - have not been in the last four of the competition for a decade .
But captain Jordan Henderson believes this season 's run to the semis could be the start of a new golden era under Klopp .
`` Hopefully this is the start of something special with this squad , '' said the England international . `` The manager has been brilliant since they have come to the club . We 've improved every season and done brilliant this season to get this stage . ''
ROMA WARNING
Roma coach Eusebio di Francesco warned that the pace of Liverpool 's prolific front three of Salah , Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino - who have combined for 83 goals this season - offers a very different threat from Barça 's Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez .
`` We are facing a different rival from Barcelona and we need to be ready for that different challenge , '' said Di Francesco .
`` We have to play our football , impose our style and make the most of Liverpool 's weaknesses .
Di Francesco is often compared to Klopp for their coaching style but they say their managerial style is a mixture of Carlo Ancelotti and Antonio Conte .
For the Roma players there was only one man responsible for their miracle against Barcelona and they were on the touchline .
`` The difference for me was Di Francesco , they changed a lot of things and they got it spot on , '' said captain Daniele De Rossi .
Klopp acknowledges the power of the Anfield crowd but wants to avoid the ugly scenes outside the ground against Manchester City , when the away team 's bus was attacked .
`` In the stadium do it again and better . Outside the stadium , please show the respect we have to show , '' Klopp said .
`` This is such an outstanding football club , an outstanding football family , known for fantastic atmospheres all over the world , so we do n't need to throw whatever at the bus of the opposing team . ''
You are here :
Ishaan , Janhvi promote Dhadak ; 18 years of Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi : Social Media Stalkers ' Guide
What 's more fun than passing off stalking celebrities on social media as work ?
Very little , right ?
And so , we scanned the Instagram and Twitter accounts of celebs from India and abroad , to bring to you weekly updates from the interwebz . Who tweeted to whom ? Who re-posted last night 's party pics ? Who went on a rant about what . Whatever it is , do n't worry , we 've got you covered .
We stalk , you read . Deal ?
Mira Rajput , Shahid Kapoor take a stroll
Happiness .. beside me and inside me A post shared by Mira Rajput Kapoor ( @ mira.kapoor ) on Jul 4 , 2018 at 3:46am PDT
Mira Rajput is currently expecting their second child with actor husband Shahid Kapoor . Their daughter Misha was born on 26 August , 2016 .
Swara Bhasker 's throwback to Sonam Kapoor 's wedding
Sonam Kapoor and Swara Bhasker 's friendship blossomed on the sets of Aanand L Rai 's Ranjhanaa , and it has only strengthened with every passing day . They were last seen together ( on-screen ) in Veere Di Wedding that also stars Kareena Kapoor Khan and Shikha Talsania .
Kangana Ranaut 's photo shoot
Kangana Ranaut will now be seen in Mental Hai Kya ! , Manikarnika : The Queen of Jhansi and another film helmed by Ashwiny Iyer Tiwari .
Janhvi Kapoor , Ishaan Khatter promote Dhadak
A post shared by Ishaan Khatter ( @ ishaan95 ) on Jul 4 , 2018 at 3:20am PDT
Ahead of the release of Dhadak , young actors Janhvi Kapoor , Ishaan Khatter are busy promoting the film . From Harper 's Bazaar cover to the sets of India 's Best Dramebaaz — the Dhadak actors are on a roll .
18 years of Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi
Eighteen years ago Ekta Kapoor and Smriti Irani unfolded what turned out to be Indian television 's biggest soap drama Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi on Star Plus . The show remained at the top of the TRP charts for the longest run . Along with the show , actor-and-now-cabinet-minist er Irani became a household name .
Taapsee Pannu , Diljit Dosanjh 's romance in Soorma
Taapsee Pannu and Diljit Dosanjh will be seen in the upcoming sports biopic Soorma that details the life and struggles of the Hockey legend Sandeep Singh .
Updated Date : Jul 04 , 2018 18:24 PM
The Youth Wing of the Redeemed Christian Church of God will organise a 76-hour praise to God in 16 countries to celebrate the 76th birthday anniversary of the church 's General Overseer , Pastor Enoch Adeboye .
Mr Precious Akingbade , the RCCG National Young Adults and Youth Pastor , announced this at a news conference in Lagos .
They said that the Marathon Messiah Praise would take place in Nigeria at the Youth Center , Redemption Camp , Km 46 , Lagos/Ibadan Expressway .
The 76-hour Marathon Messiah Praise , entitled “ The Great Redeemer ” , will hold from Feb. 26 to March 1 in 16 countries with 150 worship ministers and coral groups .
“ We are dedicating 76 out of 8,760 hours of the year to praise God for the life of Daddy Adeboye .
“ It aims at ushering a new pattern of worship that will redefine the perspective of men to worship and praise in this dispensation .
“ Countries that will be participating this year are Nigeria , U.S , Canada , England , Australia , Spain , Scotland , United Arab Emirates , Cameroon , Kenya , Netherlands , Sweden , Malaysia , South Africa and Ireland .
“ This is a giant step in our quest to bring Marathon Messiah Praise to the doorstep of every living being , ” they said .
Akingbade said that more countries were included in this year 's programme .
“ We will be having two separate stages this year – Nigeria and the Diaspora .
“ The Nigeria stage will be at the Youth Center , Redemption Camp , while the Diaspora will have 15 stages spread across 15 participating countries .
“ The stage in Nigeria will host the 76 hours of praise and worship non-stop while the stages in Diaspora nations will share the 76 hours among themselves , and it will hold concurrently .
“ Over 100,000 live participants and over 10 million viewers are expected to attend and watch the event , ” they said .
Akingbade said that more than 4,000 people had registered as volunteers in various departments across the participating countries to make the event hitch-free .
According to him , accommodation and welfare have been made available to all the volunteers .
They are optimistic that God would make the occasion successful .
The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Adeboye will be 76 years old on March 2 .
Adeboye succeeded Josiah Akindayomi , the Founder of RCCG , who died in 1981 .
After just two days of advance voting in the Calgary municipal election , officials say nearly 20,000 people have cast their ballot , about double the amount in the last two elections .
Half of that number came from the first day alone and officials say it 's a huge difference from the last municipal election , where the total voter turnout was only 39 percent .
More young people are also exercising their right to vote and city officials are holding a number of information sessions to boost those numbers .
The mayor 's communications advisor Daorcey Le Bray and Scott Crockett from the Calgary Chamber of Commerce spoke at a session at the Trolley 5 Brewpub on Thursday night .
Young people who attended say they are anxious to make an educated decision on voting day and want to make sure they know their vote counts .
“ How does this actually apply to me , as the little person , as a one single female in a city of a million ? How does my vote matter ? How do you actually help me as a person ? So , I 'm really curious to see how it is on an individual level compared to just a masses level , ” said Lyndsay Rolfsen , a young voter who attended .
The drive-up voting station set up at McMahon Stadium closes at 6:30 p.m. , but there are a number of other places accepting ballots ahead of Election Day . They 'll be available until October 11 .
Meanwhile , a new poll has been released regarding another controversial issue as the campaign moves forward .
A survey , conducted by Mainstreet Research , explored feelings in the city about secondary suites and found that people are quite divided over the issue .
The results show that 43 percent of respondents support new rules to allow secondary and basement suites throughout the city while 42 percent do n't want the units to be allowed in Calgary .
The poll also looked at the feelings of decided voters and found 63 percent of Nenshi voters are for secondary suites and 62 percent of Smith voters are against them . 45 percent of voters who have decided to vote for Andre Chabot are in favour of secondary suites .
You can see the full results of the poll below :
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '2466 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` live '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 161 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` live '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 161 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
The Los Angeles Chargers are planning on having their first-round pick wide receiver Mike Williams make their professional debut in October , according to NFL Media 's Ian Rapoport .
Sources : # Chargers eye an October debut for first-round pick WR Mike Williams as they return from a herniated disc : https : //t.co/q0XCmxRM2Z — Ian Rapoport ( @ RapSheet ) August 14 , 2017
Williams has been on the Physically Unable to Perform list ( PUP ) since the beginning of training camp , after suffering a herniated disc injury in their back during the offseason .
Related Chargers WR Mike Williams could miss entire season
The Chargers believe that the former Clemson Tiger is making significant enough progress with their rehabilitation that surgery is n't a necessity .
Getting Williams around October could be just what the doctor ordered , considering that around then is when players tend to get dinged up .
Then throw in how unlucky the team has been with injuries over the last couple of seasons and October may end up being the right time for the Bolts to get the No . 7 overall pick on the field .
It was inevitable : there would be more beef to sell in this third year of U.S. cow herd expansion . Better news emerged by spring : more of it would be premium quality . Even better by summer : the rancher , restaurateur and retail partners in the Certified Angus Beef brand were headed for another record year .
Sales of 1.121 billion pounds marked an increase of 106 million lb. , or 10.4 percent over last year . That makes CAB 's 39th fiscal year ending Sept. 30 one of its best , and part of a two-year , 25 percent rate of growth .
`` This is more than a celebration of marbling , '' CAB President John Stika said at the brand 's annual conference in September . `` This is about relationships and the people who have elevated the relevance of this brand in the eyes of the consumer and across an entire industry . ''
Encompassing seven of the 10 best sales months in CAB history , FY 17 set an 11th consecutive annual sales record , continuing a 13-year-streak of year-over-year growth .
The gratitude , Stika said , belongs first to the ranching families who meet consumer demand with `` intentionality '' and uncommon speed . Meaningful genetic improvement takes years , `` but fortunately , the economic signals sent to producers have been loud and consistent , and they 've responded in a big way . ''
They credited a dramatic and positive shift in quality as producers rebuilt their herds .
Recommended Stories For You
`` They literally and intentionally assembled the highest-quality , most Angus-influenced cow herd we 've ever seen in North America , '' they said . In fact , CAB 's 33 licensed packing plants saw a continued increase in Angus-type cattle identified , up 12 percent from last year to reach 15.2 million head .
After years of drought and downsizing , cattle replaced and bred with an emphasis on genetic and genomic potential entered the market . Access to that increased and focused supply led graders to certify a record of more than 87,000 carcasses per week , totaling 4.53 million for the year . That set an all-time high and annual CAB acceptance rate of 29.7 percent , more than double the 2006 rate .
Supported by a strong supply , CAB 's market share expanded as well . In 2006 , only 6.6 percent of all fed cattle harvested through licensed packers were eligible to earn the brand name by meeting all 10 of its quality specifications , and 37.5 percent of fed cattle graded USDA Select . Lacking demand , the Select share fell to just 18 percent in 2017 , eclipsed by the niche that took over mainstream market share at 18.4 percent for CAB .
Even so , the branded beef marketplace is more crowded , noisier than ever , Stika said , so licensed partners from a global network of more than 19,000 had to become even more innovative and forward thinking .
They met the challenge as CAB sales exploded in 49 foreign markets , reaching 174.5 million pounds–a 26.4 percent increase over last year and the best year ever for international sales . New markets include China , the Dominican Republic and Peru .
The brand 's retail division represented more than 40 percent of total sales in FY 17 , setting a record of 456 million lb . sold . Lower prices generated more sales flow and opportunities to feature the brand in advertising . CAB 's top 50 licensed retail partners saw an average of 6.6 percent growth .
The foodservice division climbed 30 million lb . higher than last year to reach a record 385 million lb . sold . Licensed broadline distributors and specialty meat companies increased sales by more than 9 percent , while sales to licensed restaurants increased more than 12 percent , demonstrating the value of the brand to chefs who prize its consistent quality , and patrons who crave its flavor .
The summer season brought demand for ground beef and premium steaks , while roasts remained a staple for holiday celebrations and family gatherings .
Leading the charge were end meats with an 85-million-lb . increase , up 13.5 percent over last year , with ground beef sales growing by 1.7 million lb . to total 158.6 million lb . Sales of middle meats were up 8.4 percent .
Consumers also demanded 35.3 percent more CAB brand Prime in FY 17 , lifting sales to 20.7 million lb .
The world 's largest and leading beef brand remains in a long-term growth trend , with partners who study the market to ensure it stays that way . Those who purchase balanced-trait registered Angus bulls at least average for marbling and ribeye area help supply the brand owned by Angus producers and sought by consumers who want Angus beef at its best .
Through management and genetic decisions that improve their herds and satisfy consumers , cattle producers stand to earn $ 50 or more per head as a share of the $ 50 million in grid premiums CAB cattle earn each year
`` I still contend to this day that Certified Angus Beef allows us all to be a part of something bigger than ourselves , '' Stika said .
Through an alignment of goals and philosophies , all are focused on the same quality endpoint .
The Progressives Congress ( APC ) on Tuesday , inaugurated Screening and Appeal Committees ahead of its May 5 primary election for the July 14 governorship poll in Ekiti .
The party 's National Organising Secretary , Sen. Osita Izunaso , who inaugurated the committees in Abuja , said screening was mandatory for all aspirants .
They charged the committee to continue in the APC 's tradition of adhering to due process and to ensure fairness during the exercise .
Izunaso said that the committees should rely on the party 's 2014 guidelines for the nomination of candidates for public office .
They also said that the committee should be guided by the party 's Constitution and the amended 1999 Constitution in carrying out the assignment .
They disclosed that 33 aspirants picked the party 's nomination form for the election , saying that it was the highest recorded by the party .
Responding on behalf of the committees , the Chairman of Screening Committee , Mr Timipreye Sylva , promised that the committees would be thorough and fair to all aspirants in carrying out the assignment .
“ We will do a thorough job and make sure that no misfit or anybody not qualified passes through this committee , ” they said .
Other members of the screening committee are Samaila Yusuf , Hajia Gamawa , Ayo Afolabi , Bilyamin Shinkafi , Alhaji Mohammed Mustapha and Mr Denton Ogbuehi , who will serve as secretary .
The Appeals Committee has Abuzarri Ribadu as Chairman , Tunde Esan as Secretary and Kayode Oseni , Osaro Buzugbe and Edem Selong are members .
The federal government has activated all procedures to prevent travellers infected with Ebola Virus Disease ( EVD ) from gaining access to any of the nation 's airports .
To ensure that this objective is achieved , the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria ( FAAN ) and Port Health , a department under the Ministry of Health have intensified the screening of passengers for the deadly communicable disease .
Officials of FAAN at the airport explained that all passengers coming in from West Africa and other countries around the world are constantly screened by the thermal screening machines deployed to D and E arrivals of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport ( MMIA ) , Lagos even without the knowledge of the passengers .
The Airport Regional Manager , South West , Mrs. Victoria Shin-Aba , in an interview with aviation journalists Wednesday , said that apart from the thermal screening machines , the agency also had public health emergency programmes put in place for that purpose by the management .
They insisted that the facility was equipped to the recommended standards of the International Civil Aviation Organisation ( ICAO ) and World Health Orgnisation ( WHO ) .
Shin-Aba , however , disclosed that rather than the infrared method , which was physical screening used in the past , the government had moved up to thermal screening method , which erased physical screening exercise and reduced contacts with passengers .
They explained that with this , arriving passengers would be unaware of their screening by its officials deployed to the two arrival points .
They also disclosed that despite the seeming complacency on Ebola screening virus in most countries of the world after the 2014 sad experience , FAAN did not relax the screening at the airport , but adopted a more sophisticated method and dropped the old screening method , which they described as manual .
“ A mock exercise to know how we are ready for the outbreak was carried out about two weeks ago in this terminal and the exercise was successful , which shows that we are ready to tackle the scourge and ensure that passengers with the disease are not allowed into the country through our entry points .
“ There are some outcries that we are not screening arrival passengers at the airport . This ca n't be true because what we do now is thermal screening with a monitor , which screens every passenger that comes in even without their knowledge . Whatever we do here is in accordance with ICAO and WHO standards . However , we do n't isolate any passenger because of the screening . ”
Also commenting , the acting General Manager , Medical , FAAN , Dr. Kehinde Ayotunde , said the scanners , which were provided by FAAN were already installed at the two entry points of the international wing of the airport .
“ FAAN only collaborate and support port health services in terms of materials the service would need to carry out their duties . All the preventable measures are being taken by FAAN to ensure that we do n't allow anyone with communicable disease into our country . ”
Mr. Kingsley Eze , a passenger on Kenya Airways who departed from the United Arab Emirates , lauded FAAN for the proactive measures taken to ensure the disease did n't enter the country through the gateways .
They explained that some of the passengers were also screened in the UAE , stressing that whatever that could be done to prevent it from penetrating Nigeria should be done by the government .
Also , John Nnamdi , another passenger on Kenya Airways , said they were aware the deadly disease broke out in Democratic Republic of Congo again some few weeks ago .
They said the efforts deployed by the government was good for the country and it further showed the seriousness the government attached to the lives of its citizenry .
TAMPA , Fla. -- Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston and fiancee Breion Allen now have a new addition to their home .
Allen , Winston 's high school sweetheart , delivered a healthy baby boy , Antonor Malachi Winston , a few days earlier on June 29 .
The original due date was July 4 .
Winston named the baby Antonor after their father , whom they are very close to .
According to Winston 's mother Loretta , they chose Malachi as the middle name because it 's the family 's favorite book from the Bible , the last book of the Old Testament . In Hebrew , it means `` my messenger '' or `` my angel . ''
The baby 's birth has come during a challenging time for Winston and their family . They currently face a three-game suspension after the NFL deemed that they inappropriately touched a female Uber driver in March 2016 .
They also just recently parted ways with their agents , Greg Genske and Kenny Felder , who had represented them since the start of their NFL career .
SINGAPORE : The Urban Redevelopment Authority ( URA ) and Housing and Development Board ( HDB ) have released three sites for sale at Dairy Farm Road , Sims Drive and Tampines Avenue 10 .
The URA site at Dairy Farm Road , under the Confirmed List , is for residential development and commercial use at the first storey , authorities said in a press release on Thursday ( May 31 ) . The site at Sims Drive is for residential purposes and the site at Tampines Avenue 10 is slated for an HDB executive condominium .
Advertisement
All three sites have a lease of 99 years and can yield an estimated 1,880 residential units , with about 500 housing units at Dairy Farm Road , 680 at Sims Drive and up to 700 at Tampines Avenue 10 .
The Dairy Farm Road land parcel , opposite Dairy Farm Nature Park , is more than 19,000 sq m in size and has a permissible gross floor area ( GFA ) of about 41,000 sq m .
It is expected to attract `` a healthy level of competition '' from developers due to its proximity to the Hillview MRT station and easy access to the Pan Island Expressway and Bukit Timah Expressway , said real estate firm JLL .
`` Homes on this land parcel will enjoy good rental demand from expatriates as it is sited just adjacent to the soon-to-be completed international school ( the German European School Singapore ) , '' said JLL 's head of research and consultancy Tay Huey Ying .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The tender for the Dairy Farm Road site will close at noon on Sep 4 .
Applications for the other two sites are available under HDB 's reserve list , meaning developers can trigger a tender for the sites if they indicate interest at a minimum price that is accepted by the Government .
JLL 's Ms Tay expects both the Sims Drive and Tampines site to be triggered for sale .
The Sims Drive site , which is near the Sims Vista market and hawker centre , measures about 16,000sq m and has an estimated GFA of about 48,000 sq m .
The Tampines EC site is located near an international school , as well as other HDB blocks and condominiums . The site area is about 25,000 sq m and it has a maximum GFA of close to 70,000 sq m .
This land parcel holds `` high potential '' to be triggered for sale , said Ms Tay .
`` Developers ' hunger for EC sites is evident in the 17 bids and record-breaking top bid attracted by the Sumang Walk EC GLS site when tender closed in February 2018 , '' they noted .
Location plan for land parcel at Dairy Farm Road . ( Image : URA )
Location plan for land parcel at Sims Drive . ( Image : URA )
A wild incident that saw gunshots fired in Regent Park Monday and a car speeding recklessly through downtown streets before smashing into oncoming vehicles and police cruisers ended with four young men in handcuffs .
“ Given what could have happened , we 're lucky there were no serious injuries , ” Toronto police spokesperson Mark Pugash said Wednesday .
They also noted two guns were taken off the street in this “ latest example of excellent police work ” by Toronto cops .
It was initially a plainclothes officer , working in the Parliament-Dundas Sts . area , who spotted four men in a vehicle seemingly attempting to disguise their identities , police say .
The officer called for assistance and another plainclothes officer responded . By then the car was just south of Dundas at Coatsworth St .
An armed occupant allegedly got out of the vehicle , stood on the sidewalk on Parliament and fired at traffic and pedestrians .
Police do n't believe anyone was hit .
The man then got back into the vehicle which drove off as the plainclothes officers followed . Other uniform and plainclothes officers quickly responded and joined the pursuit .
Cops say the vehicle was boxed in by police vehicles at Sherbourne and Shuter Sts .
Officers attempted to arrest the occupants but the driver allegedly reversed into a police vehicle , then drove at a uniformed officer , who was hit but not seriously injured .
Police allege the vehicle then sped towards oncoming traffic , blew a red light at Shuter and Jarvis Sts . and collided with a taxi .
The vehicle allegedly crashed into another taxi and drove along the sidewalk , narrowly missing pedestrians , before the driver lost control and struck another police car .
Four men emerged and then ran from the vehicle .
Officers arrested four suspects and seized two loaded firearms .
Harlem Baldwin , 20 , Sharrieff Muhammad , 22 , and Kareemallah Muhammad , 18 — all of Toronto — and Shakiem Anderson , 21 , of Mississauga , face a slew of charges .
cdoucette @ postmedia.com
Adam Schefter explains that Ezekiel Elliott will be appealing their six-game suspension to the same people who assigned them the punishment , adding that it 's hard to see how Elliott and their team will receive a `` tremendous reduction . '' ( 2:02 )
Ezekiel Elliott 's appeal of their six-game suspension will focus on testimony given by the Dallas Cowboys star 's former girlfriend to the NFL , according to documents obtained by the Fort Worth Star-Telegram .
Editor 's Picks Jason Garrett not sure Ezekiel Elliott will play in preseason With Ezekiel Elliott scheduled to miss the first six games , the Cowboys could look to get Darren McFadden and others more time with the first team .
Elliott will file their appeal Tuesday , four days after the NFL suspended the running back for violating the league 's personal conduct policy .
Elliott will argue , according to the documents , that their ex-girlfriend , Tiffany Thompson , made multiple threats to `` ruin their career . '' The appeal also will highlight text messages from Thompson that encouraged a friend to lie to police about an alleged domestic assault in July 2016 .
Elliott 's father , Stacy Elliott , tweeted Monday that their son 's `` legal team is ready to fight '' and copied a portion of the Star-Telegram 's report .
My son 's legal team is ready to fight ! Let 's deal ! ! ! You will know the set up and PLOT ! pic.twitter.com/GSt7QTJehs — Ambassador Elliott ( @ stacy_elliott ) August 14 , 2017
The Columbus ( Ohio ) City Attorney 's office announced in September that it would not pursue charges against Elliott because of `` conflicting and inconsistent information , '' but the NFL can penalize a player even without legal charges .
The NFL announced the suspension Friday after a 13-month investigation . Elliott 's teammates were surprised at the length of the discipline , especially because owner and general manager Jerry Jones said on multiple occasions that they did not anticipate a suspension after seeing the information the NFL had .
NEW YORK : Wall Street stocks jumped on Wednesday ( May 30 ) as investors took a more optimistic stance on the Italian political crisis that sent them fleeing in the prior session .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 306.33 points ( 1.26 per cent ) to close the day at 24,667.78 .
Advertisement
The broad-based S & P 500 advanced 34.15 points ( 1.27 per cent ) to 2,724.01 , while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index rose 65.86 points ( 0.89 per cent ) to 7,462.45 .
The crisis in Italy continued to hover , with anti-establishment leader Luigi Di Maio seeking to resurrect a populist coalition that collapsed at the weekend by offering the president a compromise over a controversial pick for economy minister .
In any case , investors adopted a more benign view of the situation , bidding up bank shares that tumbled in Tuesday 's session on what-ifs that included a eurozone implosion or widespread defaults .
`` Yesterday was a bit overdone , '' said Nathan Thooft of Manulife Asset Management .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` The reality is that the Italian political dynamics are n't going to be solved any time soon , '' they said . `` The market today is realising we do n't really know what the outcomes are going to be but we are not going to bet on the worst-case scenario . ''
US economic data was fairly positive if not stellar : the government estimated first-quarter growth at 2.2 per cent , a bit below the prior estimate .
And the private sector added 178,000 jobs in May , a bit below expectations in a report that comes ahead of the more closely-watched US jobs report on Friday .
A Federal Reserve `` beige book '' report described US firms as largely upbeat despite trade uncertainties and growing labour shortages .
Taylor Swift won their trial against a Colorado radio personality on Monday after a jury found that the former DJ assaulted and battered the pop star by groping their bare bottom , and awarded them the symbolic $ 1 in damages they had sought.Swift cried and hugged their mother as the verdicts were read in U.S. District Court in Denver and mouthed an emphatic `` thank you '' to members of the jury as they left the courtroom.The six-woman , two-man jury , which deliberated for less than four hours following a sensational week-long trial , also rejected claims by radio personality David Mueller that members of Swift 's management team - their mother and a radio station liaison - got them fired from their `` dream job '' as a DJ by making false accusations . `` I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life , in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this , '' the 27-year-old singer said in a statement released immediately following the verdicts . `` My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard , '' Swift said , adding that they would make donations to organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.Mueller , 55 , showed no reaction as the verdicts were read.The DJ had initiated the litigation after they were fired from their job after the groping claim was reported to the radio station . In their lawsuit , they called the groping accusations false , and they sued Swift , their mother , Andrea , and radio station liaison Frank Bell over their termination.During closing statements in the case , Mueller 's attorney , Gabriel McFarland , argued that their client was a respected industry veteran who would never have risked their $ 150,000-per-year radio job by grabbing a major celebrity 's rear end.But Swift was firm on the witness stand , saying that there was no question in their mind that Mueller had intentionally slipped their hand under their skirt to clutch their bare bottom . Them attorney , Douglas Baldridge , said during their closing remarks that Swift was seeking only $ 1 in damages because they had no desire to bankrupt Mueller , but only wanted to send a message . `` It means 'no means no ' and it tells every woman they will decide what will be tolerated with their body , '' Baldridge said of the principle Swift was trying to defend.US District Judge William Martinez on Friday dismissed Mueller 's accusation against Swift , saying there was no evidence that they had acted improperly . The judge left standing the entertainer 's assault and battery countersuit against Mueller.He also left intact a single claim by Mueller accusing Swift 's mother and Bell of interfering with their contract and effectively ending their career at radio station KYGO-FM . The jury rejected that claim.Before the trial , Martinez had tossed out Mueller 's defamation-of-character claim against Swift , ruling that they had waited too long to file a lawsuit on those grounds .
Share :
SADIQABAD : Candidates of Pakistan People 's Party [ PPP ] for National and Provincial assemblies urged people of their constituencies to vote the PPP to get rid of the miserable circumstances they had been going through .
During an address to a public meeting at Union Council [ UC ] Wahid Bakhsh Laar , Makhdoom Syed Murtaza Mehmood , PPP candidate for NA-180 and Mumtaz Ali Khan Chang , candidate for PP-266 , flayed that the former PML-N rulers had caused an unbearable loss to the country . They expressed their optimism that people of their constituencies would ensure the PPP 's success in the upcoming general election by voting for the party . They vowed to lay the foundation of a new era of progress and prosperity in their constituencies by introducing new development projects for public welfare .
Local notables including Sardar Ali Nawaz Laar , Raees Wahid Bakhsh Mehr , Haji Mehmoodul Hassan , Malik Pathan , and Abdur Rehman Namdar were present on the occasion . They assured the PPP 's candidates of their all-out support in the forthcoming polls .
Earlier , Murtaza Mehmood and Mumtaz Ali Khan Chang were accorded a warm welcome on their arrival at the public meeting . People showered them with flower petals .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Amy , a mother of five children , was recently diagnosed with the rare “ cyclic vomiting syndrome , ” a disorder with sudden and repeated episodes of severe nausea , vomiting and physical exhaustion .
The episodes can last from a few hours to several days and there 's no cure , they said .
“ For a few years , I was extremely sick and I still am today , ” Amy wrote in a letter to Valley Santa . “ I will end up having it for the rest of my life . ”
Amy said the illness has caused them to lose their teeth and they take quite a few medications .
“ I am unable to work and am currently waiting to hear from Social Security , ” they wrote .
Amy asked for Valley Santa 's help in providing Christmas presents for them children .
They said there is only once source of income in their household , their husband 's , but they will be laid off soon .
“ I have no income and currently my ex-husband has n't paid their child support in over a year , ” they wrote . “ We do n't even live paycheck to paycheck . By the time we pay rent plus all the utilities , we hardly have enough for anything else . Any help will be greatly appreciated . ”
Newcastle United have extended an investigation following allegations of bullying and racism at the club .
An inquiry was launched after claims were made against the side 's under-23 coach Peter Beardsley in January .
Chief executive Lee Charnley is leading a wider investigation into language and culture at all levels of the club .
Former England and Newcastle player Beardsley , 56 , denies the allegations and has taken a period of leave during the inquiry .
Initial allegations against Beardsley , who has been in their role since 2009 , were made by 22-year-old academy player Yasin Ben Al-Mhanni – who claims they were the victim of non-racial bullying .
Findings from that inquiry – including reported claims that Beardsley used racial language against several African players in the academy – were expected to be made public a fortnight ago but have not been released .
Test Boost Elite It is a memory booster . it 's also called Indian viagra . It improves preference for lovemaking and enables to perform higher in bed . It relieves you from pressure , digestive problems , arthritis , diabetes , and genitourinary issues . It improves energy , stamina and offers powerful treatment for weak spot . It boosts muscle tissues and controls blood sugar . It helps to restore the broken tissues . It relieves males from fatigue and gives powerful remedy for PE to last longer in bed and fulfill a lady with captivating $ exual satisfaction . http : //t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce 's political future was in doubt on Monday after it emerged they may be a dual citizen , placing the conservative government 's slim parliamentary majority at risk.Australia does not allow dual citizens to sit in parliament , meaning Joyce 's revelation that they possibly hold New Zealand citizenship has major implications for the government.The obscure rule was little known until recently but several lawmakers have fallen victim to it in recent months , leaving parliamentarians scrambling to clarify their ancestral ties . `` Needless to say , I was shocked to receive this information , '' Joyce told parliament about the news they may be a dual citizen . `` I 've always been an Australian citizen born in ( regional city ) Tamworth . Neither me nor my parents had any reason to believe that I may be a citizen of any other country . `` The dual citizenship crisis kicked off in July when the minor Greens party 's co-deputy leader Scott Ludlam resigned after revealing they had dual Australian-New Zealand citizenship.The crisis soon claimed other victims , including Canadian-born Greens senator Larissa Waters and Resources Minister Matt Canavan , who left cabinet after finding their mother signed them up to Italian citizenship in their 20s.Joyce said Monday they might have New Zealand citizenship , by descent , but did not quit cabinet or parliament and instead referred their election to the High Court . `` The New Zealand High Commission contacted me to advise that on the basis of preliminary advice from the department of internal affairs ... considered that I could be a citizen of New Zealand by descent , '' they said.While Joyce -- the leader of the Nationals party -- is born in Australia , they told parliament their father was born in neighbouring New Zealand and moved to Australia in 1947.The revelations could spark a crisis for Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull 's Liberal-National coalition government , which won national elections last year with 76 seats in the House of Representatives -- a narrow one-seat majority.Turnbull on Monday wrote to Labor opposition leader Bill Shorten to ask if their party wanted to refer any MPs over their citizenship status to the High Court so all the cases could be considered as a bloc , The Australian newspaper reported.Canavan and minor party One Nation 's Indian-born Malcolm Roberts have already had their elections referred to the court , with the judicial body to decide if they had taken reasonable steps to renounce their foreign allegiances.Almost half of Australia 's 24-million-strong population is made up of people born overseas or who had at least one parent born overseas , last year 's census revealed . Indigenous people account for about three percent of the population .
UNCASVILLE , Conn. ( WTNH ) – Governor Dannel Malloy is continuing their efforts to improve the criminal justice system in Connecticut .
Malloy has made the issue one of their top legislative priorities , focusing on combating what 's known as the ‘ school to prison pipeline . ' They have also taken steps to separate young offenders from the general prison population .
The governor will attend the Council of State Governments ' Eastern Regional Conference annual meeting and regional policy forum in Uncasville , where they will participate in a panel discussion on criminal justice issues .
Connecticut Department of Correction Commissioner Scott Semple , reporter Kevin Johnson of USA Today , Deputy Executive Director Jeff Dion of the National Center for Victims of Crime , and President and Founder of JustLeadershipUSA Glenn E. Martin will also be attending the event at Mohegan Sun .
We may think of the FTSE 100 as the domain of globe-spanning oil majors and banks but the smallest constituent by market cap of the UK 's large-cap index is a surprisingly tiny £1.7bn . For fast growing AIM-listed ASOS ( LSE : ASC ) I reckon joining this more illustrious index is a very achievable target .
Indeed , ASOS could already be in the FTSE 100 if it moved its listing to the main market as its market cap is already a whopping £4.3bn . This may seem a lofty valuation for an AIM-listed share but the online fast fashion juggernaut posted £1.4bn in sales last year , a full 26 % increase over the year prior .
Although investing in an AIM-listed online-only fast fashion retailer may seem a tad risky for the more risk-averse investors among us , I believe ASOS has incredible long-term staying power . The key is management 's prescient decision several years ago to open its online store to other global and smaller fashion brands .
Sales from these other brands now account for 56 % of total revenue . They serve to broaden ASOS 's appeal in foreign markets and provide a significant safety cushion should the company 's own designs fall out of favour with consumers .
Bringing in outside brands was also an important step in the company 's target to become the Google or Facebook of fashion for 20-somethings . This is a very ambitious plan , but the company is already the number one online retailer for its core demographic in Australia and the UK and is fast rising in popularity in the US and EU .
With double-digit growth continuing unabated in each of its markets , no debt whatsoever to constrain growth and a proven ability to continually relate to 20-somethings across the world , I reckon the future is bright indeed for ASOS .
Not too far to go now
Measured by its £1.5bn market cap , premium mixer maker Fevertree Drinks ( LSE : FEVR ) would be within shouting distance of the FTSE 100 were it not listed on the AIM . The reason I believe it has the potential to become one of the UK 's biggest firms is its rapid expansion into new markets and the increasing array of drinks it produces .
Fevertree 's premium tonics , lemonades and cola are now sold in over 50 countries and have been a huge hit with consumers . The company 's pre-close trading update for 2016 showed year-on-year sales increases of 118 % in the UK , 39 % in Europe , 55 % in the US and 88 % in the rest of the world . All told , it expects annual sales to jump 75 % year-on-year to around £102m .
Also encouraging is the fact that founders Charles Rolls and Tim Warrillow are still in the management team and together own around 21 % of the outstanding shares . This leads me to believe they 're in it for the long haul and reminds me of the success of founder-led firms such as Ted Baker .
Fevertree shares are very pricey at 55 times forward earnings , which could mean significant volatility should the company post one or two less than satisfactory trading updates . But with a huge first mover advantage over competitors , loads of cash on the balance sheet and plenty of room to penetrate new markets and introduce new beverages , I still like it over the long term .
Prefer growth shares with a longer track record of success ?
If so , the Motley Fool 's Head of Investing has released a free report on their Top Growth Share . This company has increased sales every single year since going public in 1997 and does n't look like it will be slowing down anytime soon . To discover why shares of this British brand are up over 250 % in value over the past five years alone , simply follow this link for your free , no obligation copy of the report .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Booz Allen Hamilton said on Friday it won a $ 621 million federal contract to develop and implement cybersecurity tools across the U.S. government .
The contractor , which earns billions of dollars a year contracting with U.S. intelligence agencies , said it was selected for a six-year task order to support the Department of Homeland Security 's program known as Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation , which includes cybersecurity support for cloud and mobile devices and incident response services .
To assess health standards , make recommendations
To assess political commitment , financing , quality service delivery and policies
Ministry bars civil society from meeting regional director
Can they convince gov't on discriminatory health policy ?
TEFO PHEAGE
Dr Matshidiso Moeti , the first female World Health Organisation ( WHO ) Regional Director for Africa who also happens to be a Motswana is in the country in a visit that is expected to discuss a lot of burning issues regarding Botswana 's health standards and other developmental issues in relation to health .
The visit which is their first official trip to the country since assuming their highly powerful position in 2015 , is expected to discuss a variety of issues including health policies , financing , quality service delivery and above all , the country 's political commitment towards health .
They will meet the Vice President , Mokgweetsi Masisi , Minister of health , Dorcus Makgato , Permanent Secretary in the Ministry , Shenaaz El-Halabi , MoH Senior Management and Selected District Health Management Heads , Minister of International Affairs and Cooperation ; then visit the Sir Ketumile Masire University Hospital where they will be hosted by Minister of Tertiary Education , Research , Science and Technology Dr Alfred Madigela and MoH assistant Minister Makgalemele ; then go to WHO Botswana office , and visit SADC Executive Secretary , Dr Stergomena Lawrence Tax among many others .
Them visit comes at a time when Botswana has made notable strides in the health sector notwithstanding a few problematic areas . Currently the Ministry of Health and Wellness is undergoing a restructuring process that is aimed at achieving quality service delivery . The exercise is expected to roll out many experts from the headquarters to the communities where services are mostly needed . Botswana just like the rest of the world is facing pressure to establish and maintain the core skills needed to thrive in a rapidly changing health market .
The landmark visit by Dr Moeti , a physician , public health specialist and medical administrator , is expected to improve performance by evaluating every key operational , clinical and governance function in the country and health experts suggest that their visit will have long lasting benefits on the country 's health development .
Human rights advocates will also want to see and hear of their contribution in important battlefronts for HIV which are not adequately covered or constrained by non- progressive policy and legislative action . Such areas include the key populations like sex workers , homosexuals and prisoners sex as well as foreign prisoners who have been denied treatment by the government .
WHO has noted a diversity of situations within which civil society organisations ( CSOs ) currently interact with the state around health goals .
It is through state and CSOs interaction and collaboration in the different spheres of health governance and action ( policy , health promotion , service provision , community outreach , resource mobilisation and monitoring health systems ) that quality and times service delivery was achieved .
CSOs are frequently observed to be a source of experience , expertise and information . Numerous studies indicate that CSOs provide new insights and approaches to people-centred and participatory development .
They pioneer and provide services to communities poorly reached by the state or market and further promote transparency and accountability in decision-making , create livelihoods and economic opportunities and promote human rights and improved justice systems . In many cases they also facilitate policy change in states and societies to reflect people 's circumstances and needs .
Botswana Network on Ethics , Law and HIV and AIDS ( BONELA ) Director Cindy Kelemi said as civil society “ there are a lot of issues that we would like to share and engaged the director on , particularly the issue of external funding discontinuation which is a confusing transition in the delivery of health services on our part among many others , ” they said . The importance of CSO in health care delivery systems , Kelemi added , can not be under-rated in Botswana as they play a central role in service delivery and development of democracy .
WHO ‘ s position on health
The WHO constitution enshrines “ …the highest attainable standard of health as a fundamental right of every human being. ” According to WHO , the right to health includes access to timely , acceptable , and affordable health care of appropriate quality . This is the agenda the Director is expected to push in all their engagements .
Advertisement
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development , Chief Audu Ogbeh , has commended the federal government 's initiative to introduce modular refineries to replace the illegal refineries in the Niger–Delta region of the country .
They gave the commendation in a statement made available to the media in Abuja , yesterday .
Chief Ogbeh said “ the plan will give the people of the region a sense of belonging , an opportunity to own and protect the facilities and also guarantee peace in the Niger-Delta Region . I think it is about the only way to guarantee peace and full participation by the people of the Niger-Delta in that industry which is their own more or less . ”
In relation to the communities , Ogbeh said the plan will enable them earn money directly from the oil industry , create jobs for the teeming youths and will also help stop the bombing of oil pipeline and facilities .
“ They will have crude allocated to them , they will refine and if eventually there are about five such refineries in that region one in each of the states or even more , it means instead of exporting crude all the time we will export refined products ” , they said .
Advertisement
Concerning the development of the region , they said when Nigeria export refined products , the country will earn dollars directly and the profits will be channeled into water , education , power and other infrastructural development in the region .
They said the people will refine crude the right way with the support of the government and the activities will open up the area for business because aside the refineries other businesses will be attracted to the area .
Ogbeh said the plan when perfected will be a fair deal for the people of the Niger-Delta region and they hope the people will respond positively to the government 's plan by coming on board as they will eventually be the majority shareholders .
“ My prayer is that the people of the Niger-Delta will respond and that they will be anxious to participate in the ownership and the management of those refineries and I think finally something more concrete is coming on now to stabilise the region ”
They congratulated the Acting President on the announcement as it will go a long way to end the crisis in the region when it is finally operational in a month 's time will be a fair deal for the people of the Niger-Delta region and they hope the people will respond positively to the governments plan by coming on board as they will eventually be the majority shareholders .
Matthew Bates admits he 's enjoying having the experience of Ged McNamee and Champions League winner Ross Turnbull alongside them the dugout .
But the caretaker will not be swayed from their ideals of how they want their Hartlepool United side to play .
Bates brought in former Sunderland academy manager McNamee and ex-Boro and Chelsea keeper Turnbull , after Craig Harrison was given their marching orders by the club hierarchy .
And , according to those in the dressing-room , the impact has been stark .
Confidence has flooded back as Pools have managed to fight tooth and nail for two vital points against promotion chasers in the last two weeks .
They face a totally fresh challenge tomorrow , when Pools travel to fellow relegation-threatened outfit Barrow .
And Bates admits it is nice to have two coaches they trust alongside them on the touchline .
On the impact of McNamee and Turnbull , Bates said : “ His ( Turnbull ) coaching style is good and I think the goalkeepers are enjoyin working with him .
“ Ged is good for me to speak to , someone to bounce ideas off and I think it 's been enjoyable for both of them too .
“ Having Ged with me is positive .
“ I have my own ideas and wo n't be swayed on what I do . But it 's nice to be able to discuss things with them – little formation changes , substitutions and the like .
“ It 's a stressful place to be in the dug out and having someone there to speak with is a big help .
“ He 's very experienced , as I have said before they were my first coach at the Manchester United centre of excellence when I was eight or nine years old . He 's been at Sunderland a long , long time and involved with the first-team when Kevin Ball was appointed caretaker .
“ He seems to be enjoying it here . Both of them do . It 's a bit different for them two , as it has been for me . ”
CTV Calgary Staff
Smoke from the B.C . wildfires is being pushed into the southern part of the province and health officials are advising people with respiratory issues to be aware of the conditions and to take precautions .
Environment Canada issued a special air quality statement on Monday morning for Calgary and surrounding communities and says the smoke is expected to clear out during the day .
The statement was ended for Calgary just after 3:45 p.m .
Air quality in the city is currently rated at a four , which is a moderate risk , and the weather agency says it should be lowered to a two overnight .
Health officials say residents may experience increased coughing , throat irritation , headaches or shortness of breath and that children , seniors and people with breathing issues are especially at risk .
Alberta Health Services has the following advice for those who are susceptible to smoke :
Monitor your symptoms
Minimize physical activity outdoors
Remain indoors with windows , doors and air circulation fans/vents closed
If you drive to another location , keep windows and vents closed . Run your car fan on re-circulate mode to avoid drawing in outdoor air
Officials say people can also reduce the presence of smoke indoors by :
Close and lock all outside windows and doors , including attached garage doors .
Turn down furnace thermostats and furnace fans to the minimum setting . Do not attempt to extinguish pilot light .
If you have an air-conditioner , keep the fresh-air intake closed and the filter clean to prevent outdoor smoke from getting inside .
Avoid running fans , such as “ whole-house fans ” or “ fresh air ventilation systems ” , that bring more smoky outdoor air inside .
Switch all floor registers to closed position .
Close fire place dampers on wood burning fireplaces .
Do not use wood burning fireplace , wood stoves or other smoke-producing appliances or features , including candles .
For more on Air Quality Advisories from Alberta Health Services , click HERE .
Stay up-to-date with the weather and air quality conditions on the Sky Watch Weather App . FREE download HERE .
A Calgary wildlife centre has cured a porcupine with a snoring problem .
The Kyne family has shared their backyard with the rodent they named Billy Jo for the past several years .
They recorded video of them sleeping and when staff at the Calgary Wildlife Rehabilitation Society watched it they realized the porcupine 's problem was more than a sleep disorder .
Billy Jo 's top teeth are deformed allowing their bottom teeth to keep growing right up into their nose making it hard for them to breathe .
“ You could see the two bottom incisors were growing up over top of the upper incisors which is abnormal and they were penetrating the nose and into the nasal cavity , ” says Jenna McFarland with the Calgary Wildlife Rehabilitation Society .
Porcupines , like beavers , need to chew things and grind their incisors or their teeth will keep growing and growing .
“ It 's a very common medical issue with rodents and rabbits and hares and we see that quite a bit here , ” says McFarland .
It would n't have been much longer before the dental problem killed him .
Last week , Billy Jo had dental surgery at the society 's facility in northwest Calgary where they trimmed back their incisors .
“ Their roots are very far down , almost right into the bones of the skull , so they are far below the surface and those nerves are not exposed in any of the exposed tooth so it does not hurt at all to cut them off it 's kind of like clipping a toenail , ” says McFarland .
A couple of days later with new shorter teeth Billy Jo was released back into the wilds of the Kyne family 's backyard north of Calgary .
“ He definitely had way more energy once they were getting enough air . They were eating with fewer struggles , ” says McFarland . “ When they actually got back to the property the report for the next couple of days was they were running around and travelling further than they ever had before . They were walking up and down strutting their stuff . ”
The Calgary Wildlife Rehabilitation Society treats wild animals in order to release them back to the wild .
Right now the society is caring for some porcupines , a muskrat , and several birds including a Great Horned Owl .
Stratford Emergency Medical Service celebrated 40 years of providing emergency medical service to the Town of Stratford at an awards dinner and ceremony at Oronoque Country Club on Dec. 8 .
Stratford EMS employees , volunteers and supporters , along with members of local government and hospitals , commemorated the history and success of the organization that has served the Town of Stratford since 1977 .
“ Our organization has come a long way and is now recognized as one of the premiere organizations in the State of Connecticut , ” said Michael Loiz , director of EMS
SEMS has been evolving as call volume has been increasing . The organization serves a population of nearly 52,000 people , and responds to over 7,100 calls per year . Since 2009 , SEMS has responded to approximately 53,000 calls for service .
Mayor Elect Laura Hoydick were present as well as other state and local dignitaries . Harkins was presented a special recognition award by the Stratford Volunteer EMS Association and SEMS Administration for their years of support and work with SEMS .
The EMS Director 's Life Saving Citation was awarded to Parking Authority Officer Matthew White and Police Officer Maria McAvoy for providing life saving CPR/AED to a gentleman who collapsed in September .
Other awards went to :
Most Valued Provider : EMT Anthony Constantini
Most Improved QA/QI : EMT John Toomey and Paramedic Alex Hawkins
Paramedic of the Year : Paramedic Dane Dorta
EMT of the Year : EMT Jessica Archick
Volunteer of the Year : EMT John Toomey
Rookies of the Year : EMT Chris LaCava and EMT Ryan Kardamis
Dispatchers of the Year : Alexandra Gaydos and Heather Admans
Crew of the Year : Paramedic Cate Saldier and EMT Steve Roberts
Director 's Award : EMS Administrator , Kevin Giasullo
Criticall Care Excellence Awards : Paramedic , David Rodriguez
Outstanding Leadership : SVEMSA President , EMR Tom Hallas
Special Recognition Award : Paramedic , Sean Campbell
Award of Distinction : EMT Barry Kelly and EMT John Butler for 40 years of Volunteer Service
Fore more information regarding Stratford EMS visit stratfordems.org .
WILLIAMSVILLE , N.Y. ( WIVB ) – A teacher at St. Gregory the Great school in Williamsville has been placed on administrative leave following their arrest .
Amherst Police notified the school late Tuesday afternoon of the arrest of Scott Schaefer , 43 , of Amherst , a teacher at the school .
Schaefer was charged Tuesday with endangering the welfare of a minor and disseminating indecent materials to a minor . The charges stem from an investigation into Schaefer 's inappropriate text messages to a juvenile victim , according to Amherst Police .
Schaefer was arraigned Wednesday in Amherst Town Court and held in lieu of $ 25,000 cash or $ 50,000 bond .
The District Attorney 's Office has been involved with this investigation . No further information is being released at this time .
The principal of St. Gregory the Great said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing and that the school ca n't comment further at this time .
“ We stress that , as always , the safety and security of our students is top priority . ”
St. Gregory the Great is a pre-K through 8 Catholic school .
The contractor who shut down Donald Trump 's Twitter account has told Reuters they did so by mistake , but says they believe some of the U.S. president 's recent tweets breach the social network 's ban on hate speech .
FRANKFURT : The contractor who shut down Donald Trump 's Twitter account has told Reuters they did so by mistake , but says they believe some of the U.S. president 's recent tweets breach the social network 's ban on hate speech .
Bahtiyar Duysak , 28 , said they clicked `` a few wrong things which I should n't have done '' on Nov. 2 , their last day at Twitter , causing Trump 's @ realDonaldTrump account - which has 44 million followers - to be taken offline for 11 minutes .
At the time , Twitter blamed a customer support employee on their last day at work and has since said it has taken steps to prevent such an incident happening again . Trump blamed a `` rogue employee '' for the temporary loss of their account .
In an interview in Frankfurt , Duysak told Reuters they are n't paying attention when a complaint came in an hour before they were to leave Twitter 's San Francisco office for the last time , after cutting short a six-month assignment .
They thought they were dealing with one of many fake Trump accounts .
`` You should always double-check things before taking an action , '' Duysak told Reuters Television .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Twitter has not confirmed whether Duysak was the ex-employee responsible . The company declined to comment on Duysak 's actions or its investigation into the matter when contacted by Reuters .
Duysak said that some of Trump 's posts since the incident - in particular their retweeting of anti-Islamic videos posted by a British far-right fringe group - were a breach of Twitter 's rules banning hate speech .
`` You do n't need to be an expert to understand that a policy violation has happened , that the rules were broken and that this can lead to hatred being spread , '' they said .
Twitter said it had no comment , and the White House did not respond to a request for comment .
After stints at Youtube and Google , Duysak joined Twitter as a safety policy operations agent on July 24 , according to correspondence seen by Reuters . The job involved checking violations of Twitter 's rules that could not be dealt with by its automatic computer systems .
Duysak , born in Germany to a family of Turkish origin , left the United States a few days after the incident and returned to their home town of Paderborn . They said they had hired a lawyer who liaised with the Federal Bureau of Investigation and assured them they had no case to answer .
They said they had apologised to , and made peace with , Twitter .
( Additional reporting by David Ingram in San Francisco ; Editing by Nick Tattersall and Kevin Liffey )
Islamabad
Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Zafar Mahmood Abbasi Monday called on Commander Kuwait Naval Forces Brigadier General Khaled Abdullah and Commander Coast Guard Kuwait Cdr Sheikh Mubarak Ali Yousuf Al-Sabah during their official visit . During the meeting with Commander Kuwait Naval Forces , Brigadier General Khaled Abdullah , Admiral Zafar Mahmood Abbasi discussed matters of mutual interest and bilateral naval collaboration , says a press release here .
Both the dignitaries also discussed avenues to enhance bilateral cooperation between both the navies in the field of training , provision of technical manpower and expertise . Commander Kuwait Naval Forces acknowledged the role played by Pakistan Navy in providing training and trained Human Resources to Kuwait Navy .
They emphasized the significance of close and strong bilateral naval association in diverse realms between Pakistan Navy and Kuwait Navy . Brigadier General Khaled Abdullah also lauded the role and commitment of Pakistan Navy for initiating sustained and credible efforts to maintain regional maritime peace and stability . The Naval Chief also met Ghulam Dastgir , Ambassador of Pakistan to Kuwait and Ex . Pakistani servicemen . The visit would greatly augment the bilateral cooperation between both the countries in general and Navies in particular.—APP
LAHORE : The Nawa-i-Waqt Fund for Stranded Pakistanis in Bangladesh received Rs98,000 on Wednesday .
Dr Muhammad Asghar Nadeem , from Lahore , contributed Rs50,000 while Syed Zafar Iqbal , from Rawalpindi , Rs 20,000 .
Sikandar Parvez , Salahuddin , Syed Yamaz Hassan Gillani , Syed Shabbir Hassan Gillani ( Lahore ) , Ghulam Mustafa ( Khushab ) , and Inamullah Beg ( Haripur ) donated Rs5,000 each .
Javed Iqbal Mughal advocate , from Sialkot , donated Rs3,000 .
This morning , Dell confirmed previously published reports in an SEC filing , that it is considering various options to possibly reorganize itself . Reports emerged last week suggesting the Dell board was planning a meeting to discuss options for dealing with the enormous debt it took on when it acquired EMC in 2015 for $ 67 billion .
The SEC filing confirmed earlier reports that it was considering three options . The first is a Dell public stock offering , essentially an IPO , although it would be the second time Dell went public . Michael Dell took the company private in a $ 24 billion deal in 2013 . The company had originally gone public back in 1988 .
Other options include “ a business combination with VMware ” or doing nothing . The latter seems unlikely since changes to the tax law mean a growing interest bill on the company 's $ 46 billion outstanding debt .
The filing goes onto say that the company would have preferred to keep this quiet , but because of leaks and its fiduciary responsibility as the owner of an 82 percent stake in VMware , it had little choice but to issue this paperwork with the SEC .
“ We would normally keep our deliberations confidential until a particular course of action is determined , but because Dell Technologies owns ~82 % of VMware , we are required to make a public filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , ” the company stated in the filing .
VMware felt compelled to issue a press release on the matter after the SEC document was made public , which appears to be an attempt to reassure customers and stockholders while the companies decide what to do .
While Dell owns the majority stake in VMWare from its deal with EMC , the company still operates independently with its own CEO and board of directors . It is also traded publicly as a separate stock holding .
Both the filing and the VMware release made it clear that nothing had been decided yet and all options were being considered . What 's different now is that what was rumor last week has been confirmed with this filing .
The full SEC document is embedded below :
SINGAPORE : A 42-year-old man was on Wednesday ( Feb 15 ) found guilty of “ severely ” sexually assaulting their eldest daughter for more than two years , when they were between 11 and 13 years old .
They were convicted by the High Court of 10 charges - nine for sexual assault and one for committing an indecent act with a child .
The offences were committed in the family 's Choa Chu Kang flat between 2011 and 2014 , and ended only when the girl told their mother about what happened .
The girl had tolerated the abuse for years , even though they often felt “ angry and confused ” after each episode of abuse , because they were afraid to break up their parents ' marriage , Deputy Public Prosecutor ( DPP ) April Phang said .
But after a particularly bad instance of abuse on Apr 15 , 2014 , they confided in their mother . “ She could not allow their mother to remain in a marriage with the accused , ” DPP Phang said . The girl thought “ her mother deserved a better husband ” . The couple have two other children together .
The distraught mother kicked their husband out of the house on Apr 17 . Weeks later , they lodged a police report , applied for a personal protection order against their husband in the Family Court and filed for divorce at the Syariah Court .
At trial , the man accused their ex-wife and daughter of “ slander ” and claimed they were trying to frame him . They also said it was “ inconceivable ” that they could have had intercourse with their daughter because a botched penis enlargement procedure had left their penis disfigured .
However , the prosecution questioned why the father did not bring up the botched procedure until 2016 , when they had nearly two years to prepare their defence since being arrested in 2014 .
DPP Phang argued that the father 's evidence on their deformed penis must be “ an afterthought , fabricated to exonerate themselves from these serious charges ” .
VICTIM WAS `` UNUSUALLY CONVINCING '' : JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER
In finding the father guilty of all charges , Judicial Commissoner Aedit Abdullah also noted that although the man had “ relied on the condition of their male organ ” , they had not raised this point in two years despite having given at least 10 statements to police investigators .
The JC also found the girl to be an “ unusually convincing ” witness , “ not shaken on the stand and capable of giving a cogent account ” . “ I did not find ( any evidence ) to support the ( father 's ) allegation that the ( abuse ) was dreamt up , ” JC Abdullah added .
During the trial , the girl testified that their legs were forced apart and that they were made to perform sexual acts on their father . They said could not refuse him , even though they tried . In at least one instance , when they refused to open their mouth , their father squeezed their jaw or neck until they did . The court also heard that the man had used olive oil or their brother 's hair gel on them before the assaults .
About 30 family members were in court to hear the verdict .
The defence has requested time to prepare a mitigation plea . The man , who is on bail of S $ 100,000 , is expected to be sentenced next month .
Worried about militants sneaking into a restive Chinese region from war-torn Afghanistan , Beijing is in talks with Kabul over the construction of a military base , Afghan officials say , as it seeks to shore up its fragile neighbor . The army camp will be built in Afghanistan 's remote and mountainous Wakhan Corridor , where witnesses have reported seeing Chinese and Afghan troops on joint patrols .
The freezing , barren panhandle of land bordering China 's tense Xinjiang region , is so cut off from the rest of Afghanistan that many inhabitants are unaware of the Afghan conflict , scraping out harsh but peaceful lives . However they retain strong links with neighburs in Xinjiang , and with so few travelers in the region local interest in the Chinese visitors has been high , residents told AFP on a recent visit there .
China 's involvement in the base comes as President Xi Jinping seeks to extend Beijing 's economic and geopolitical clout . The Chinese are pouring billions of dollars into infrastructure in South Asia . With Afghanistan 's potential to destabilize the region , analysts said any moves there would be viewed through the prism of security . It worries that the Daesh terrorist group militants fleeing Iraq and Syria could cross Central Asia and Xinjiang to reach Afghanistan , or use the Wakhan to enter China , analysts say . Afghan and Chinese officials discussed the plan in December in Beijing , but details are still being clarified , Afghan defense ministry deputy spokesperson Mohammad Radmanesh said .
KUALA LUMPUR : The slight girl in a turquoise headscarf held back tears as they recalled what happened when they fled to Malaysia from Myanmar 's violence-hit Rakhine state . Just 12-years-old at the time , they were forced to wed a man they did not know , and who was more than a decade older than them
The teenager , who is not being named by Reuters because they are still only 13 , is like hundreds of Rohingya girls escaping persecution , violence and apartheid-like conditions in Rakhine , only to be sold into marriage to Rohingya men in neighbouring Malaysia , migrant groups and community members said .
Separated from their family while escaping to Malaysia , they said they were caught by traffickers and held for weeks in a filthy and brutal jungle camp near the Thai-Malaysian border with dozens of others . Them captors told them a Rohingya man was willing to give their freedom if they agreed to marry him .
`` The ( trafficking ) agent said I had been sold to a man and I asked , how could do they do that ? ... My heart was heavy and I was scared , '' the girl said in an interview in Kuala Lumpur .
Reuters could not independently verify certain aspects of their story but their mother confirmed they were held in the camp for weeks before being released .
The girl 's plight is just one illustration of the hardships faced by many Rohingya Muslims , a minority group in Myanmar who are regarded by the nation 's government as illegal migrants from Bangladesh , entitled only to limited rights .
Since 2012 , violence and communal clashes have seen hundreds of Rohingya killed while tens of thousands have fled , seeking refuge in neighbouring countries such as Malaysia , Thailand , Indonesia and Bangladesh . In the most recent crackdown , security forces and police committed mass killings and gang rapes and burned villages in northern Rakhine , a U.N. investigation published earlier this month found .
MALAYSIA CRITICISED
It has been common for Rohingya women escaping Myanmar to wed Rohingya men in the country they fled to , usually through marriages arranged between families , rights groups said . Some of these arranged marriages would be for underage girls .
But a growing number are becoming victims of human traffickers who sell women and girls to Rohingya men as brides .
Matthew Smith , executive director of the Southeast Asia-based migrant and refugee protection group Fortify Rights , said the group had seen a “ significant ” rise in the number of child brides following increased violence in Rakhine .
There are no official statistics on how many girls have been sold into marriage . In 2015 , the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said in a report it had identified 120 Rohingya child brides in Malaysia but it was unclear how many were trafficking victims .
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has spoken out strongly in the past few months against Buddhist Myanmar over its handling of the violence in Rakhine and the Rohingyas ' plight .
But rights groups say Malaysia , which has not signed the U.N. refugee convention , has been complicit in the abuse of Rohingya asylum-seekers because they are treated as illegal migrants with no official access to jobs , healthcare or education . They live in poverty working illegally in restaurants or construction sites .
The Malaysian government launched a project this month that enables 300 Rohingya people to be employed , a move welcomed by rights groups .
The Malaysian government did not return requests seeking comment for this story .
CHILD MARRIAGES ALLOWED
Child marriages are also tolerated in Muslim-majority Malaysia . Under Islamic law , Muslim girls under 16 can marry with permission from the Shariah court , though in the case of the Rohingya marriages in Malaysia there is no court involvement – Rohingya imams conduct them and while a marriage certificate is printed there is no indication it is a legal document under Malaysian law .
The girl who was married was taken to Kuantan , on Malaysia 's east coast , where they said they quickly learned that their new husband was controlling and abusive . They confiscated their mobile phone and did not allow their family to see them They were left alone for days in the house .
Eight months into the marriage , they reconnected with their parents and four younger siblings , and was rescued by their father , who had travelled to Kuantan to find them
The girl 's husband did not respond to calls seeking comment for this story .
They now live with their family in a one-room shack in a small village on the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur .
While they feel safer now , they said they were afraid that they may have to return to their husband , who has refused to grant them a divorce .
Sharifah Shakirah , a refugee themselves and founder of the Rohingya Women Development Network , said Rohingyas have no legal status in Malaysia , and their marriages are not recognised . This can make it harder for law enforcement to intervene in domestic abuse cases , even when they involve children .
`` To ask help from lawyers and police is not easy because they ( Rohingyas ) do n't have legal status . Even when cases of child brides are reported , the police do n't take action , '' said Sharifah , who provides help and counselling to Rohingya women .
'LIFE OF DIGNITY '
According to UN statistics , some 56,000 Rohingya are living in Malaysia , although migrant groups say the number is much higher as many are undocumented . The community is mainly spread across impoverished suburbs around the capital Kuala Lumpur .
For young men in this small , marginalized community , finding a partner and having a family is a way of elevating their social status and having a normal life , according to Rohingya men interviewed by Reuters .
The lack of eligible women in Rohingya communities in Malaysia has created a demand for brides , while some families see marriage as a way to reduce their financial burdens , said Belal Hossain Shamia , 32 , a Rohingya father of three in Kuala Lumpur whose sister was a child bride .
A former trafficking agent , a Rohingya man identified only as Ali , told Reuters there is a growing demand for Rohingya brides . Smuggling syndicates can get up to 7,000 ringgits for each girl 's release to their family or sale to a man .
Ali kept guard at a jungle trafficking camp near the Thai-Malaysian border . They said women and girls travelling alone or whose families were unable to pay the release fees were sold .
`` There were girls there who were about 15 or 16 . They have no choice ... '' they said .
Yasmin Zokir Ahmad , 18 , recalled how their husband , a Rohingya who worked as a grass-cutter in Kuala Lumpur , paid a trafficking agent 3,500 ringgits to marry their two years ago .
This was after a harrowing nine-month journey to Malaysia , which included a voyage by sea and a long period in a Thai jungle camp where they were often denied food or water .
`` I did n't have a choice . I needed to marry them because I need support and protection , and I want to live a life of dignity , '' Yasmin said . Them husband declined to comment .
BEIJING : Heavy smog that blanketed northern China at the weekend cleared somewhat on Monday , with flights in Beijing back to normal , but it was likely only to be a brief respite with more choking smog expected to return to the wintry north within 24 hours .
Weather forecasts on Monday showed the smog would return to Beijing and nearby Tianjin city from Tuesday . It was expected to persist until Thursday in Hebei , the heavily industrialised province that surrounds the Chinese capital , and Henan and Shandong provinces as the north battles freezing temperatures .
Authorities have been issuing smog alerts across China 's north since mid-December , leading to orders for hundreds of factories to cut production or close outright and for restrictions on motorists to cut emissions .
Pollution alerts are common in northern China , especially during winter when energy demand , much of it met by coal , soars .
A pollution index that measures the average concentration of small breathable particles , known as PM2.5 , dropped to just over 100 micrograms per cubic metre in Beijing early on Monday from more than 500 on Sunday night .
The safe recommended level of PM2.5 is 10 micrograms per cubic metre , according to the World Health Organization .
A customer service staff member at the Beijing Capital International Airport said flights were returning to normal . Heavy smog on Sunday caused hundreds of flights to be cancelled and highways to shut , disrupting the first day of the New Year holiday .
On Monday , the Beijing government maintained its orange alert for heavy pollution and continued a ban on heavy-duty construction trucks from using the roads .
An orange alert is the second-highest level in a four-tier pollution warning system adopted by Beijing when China , worried that its heavy industrial past was tarnishing its global reputation and holding back development , declared a `` war on pollution '' in 2014 .
Despite that declaration , public anger is mounting about pollution and what many Chinese sees as government talk , but little action , to end it . That anger has occasionally spilled over into protests .
Late on Sunday , the Ministry of Environmental Protection said 62 northern cities had issued yellow , orange or red alerts .
The latest bout of air pollution began on Friday . China has struggled to tackle the problem effectively after decades of breakneck economic growth , much of it based on heavy industry and the coal-fired power sector .
( Reporting by Cheng Fang and Chen Aizhu ; Editing by Paul Tait )
Uber Technologies Inc 's drive to become a major player in the trucking business is off to a bumpy start , with analysts and industry executives questioning what exactly the company can bring to the sprawling US $ 700-billion industry .
SAN FRANCISCO : Uber Technologies Inc 's drive to become a major player in the trucking business is off to a bumpy start , with analysts and industry executives questioning what exactly the company can bring to the sprawling US $ 700-billion industry .
The San Francisco ride-services giant had planned to disrupt freight hauling by offering a complete package of trucking technology including self-driving trucks and smartphone-based logistics services .
But what has emerged so far , industry watchers say , is a modest effort to build a brokerage service connecting truckers looking for loads to shippers with cargo to haul .
Uber 's self-driving truck effort is weighed down by a high-stakes lawsuit over allegedly stolen trade secrets linked to its US $ 680-million purchase of self-driving trucking startup OttoMotto last year . Testing of the autonomous technology has slowed and several Otto engineers have been redeployed to Uber 's cargo business , according to state transportation agencies and Uber officials .
Meanwhile , that unit , dubbed Uber Freight and launched publicly in May , looks a lot like the firms it is trying to displace . Rival startups and old-line transport firms alike have come out with apps to match truckers to cargo . Uber Freight also uses a conventional call center and online `` load boards '' where truckers have found work since the dot-com era began .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` The world does n't need another broker , '' said Eric Gilmore , chief executive of Turvo , a Sunnyvale , California logistics startup that 's trying to wring paperwork out of the shipping process .
Turmoil among Uber 's top ranks could also prove damaging as the company grapples with a series of scandals related to its hard-charging culture and business practices . Just this week , Uber Chief Executive Travis Kalanick announced they are taking a leave of absence ; their second-in-command Emil Michael left the company ; and board member David Bonderman resigned .
HITTING THE GAS
Uber executives say the company 's push into trucking is moving forward at full throttle . Bill Driegert , director of operations at Uber Freight , said the business is shipping `` large brand names '' and has `` a solid core of drivers who have signed up and are using it regularly . ''
`` We are all in on this , '' Driegert said . `` We are in it for the long-term and we think we can make a difference . ''
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Still , they acknowledged that Uber 's self-driving truck initiative and its freight business are on separate tracks , with no plans to collaborate on a full complement of services anytime soon . Otto does n't yet have a commercial product for customers to buy .
That 's a different message from last fall . In a September interview , just a month after Uber acquired Otto , the startup 's co-founder Lior Ron told Reuters they expected truckers would be using the firm 's driverless technology to haul freight by 2017 as part of a suite of trucking services offered under the Uber banner .
In April , Uber retired the `` Otto '' name without explanation and now lumps the business into its Advanced Technologies Group , a unit that works on a variety of self-driving technologies and mapping .
Detours and course-corrections are typical with any startup . Uber 's challenge is to make inroads in a fragmented , low-margin industry where many shippers and brokers have ties going back decades .
Delivering cargo requires more complex logistical planning than does ferrying people home from bars . The financial stakes are higher too . Goods can spoil and shippers and fleet managers can lose money if a load does n't arrive on time .
Uber must prove `` they have the same capabilities as any broker that has been doing this for years , '' said Thom Albrecht , president of Sword & Sea Transport Advisors , a Virginia-based consulting firm .
Investors are counting on it . Optimism that the San Francisco ride-services giant can `` Uberize '' other transport businesses has propelled the firm to a US $ 68 billion valuation , despite its lack of profits . Uber lost US $ 708 million in the first quarter , down from US $ 991 million in the fourth quarter last year , the company said recently .
Privately held Uber is under pressure to go public . Investors , including Saudi Arabia 's Public Investment Fund and Fidelity Investments , are waiting for a big payoff .
But Uber has struggled to dominate other markets the way it has ride-hailing . Its food and package-delivery services , UberEats and UberRush , for instance , are n't major players in their categories .
`` This is ambition porn at its finest , '' said Anand Sanwal , chief executive of venture capital data company CB Insights . `` Uber continues to enter new verticals to feed the narrative that their total addressable market is massive . ''
Uber 's trucking aspirations are achievable and it continues to invest in both Uber Freight and its autonomous truck division , Uber Freight 's Driegert said .
`` They are two independent businesses and we are both charging forward at 100 miles per hour , '' they said .
AUTONOMOUS DRIVING DUEL
Still , the distancing of Uber Freight from Otto , two businesses Uber once saw as complementary , removes what trucking industry executives say was Uber 's distinct advantage in the crowded logistics market : self-driving technology .
Otto 's future could hinge on a lawsuit filed in February by Alphabet Inc 's self-driving car unit , Waymo , against Otto and Uber . The lawsuit claims Otto co-founder and former Waymo employee Anthony Levandowski stole more than 14,000 documents containing Waymo trade secrets before decamping to start Otto . When Uber purchased Otto in August , the most important asset was Levandowski , who is recognized as one of Silicon Valley 's top experts in self-driving technology . They quickly are named head of the Advanced Technologies Group and reported to Kalanick .
Uber fired Levandowski last month after they refused to turn over the Waymo documents , which had been requested by the federal judge overseeing the case . A trial is scheduled for October .
Levandowski has asserted their constitutional right against self-incrimination . Their attorneys did not respond to a request for comment . Uber has never denied that Levandowski took the files , which Waymo alleges include confidential designs . But Uber contends no information contained in those documents made its way into Uber 's self-driving technology .
The suit is one of several controversies now dogging Uber .
The company last week fired 20 employees following an internal investigation into 215 claims of sexual harassment , discrimination , bullying and other employee concerns . Its executive ranks have been decimated after a wave of departures .
Uber also faces legal battles related to how it classifies and pays its drivers as well as a federal criminal probe relating to its use of technology to evade regulators .
Otto 's autonomous driving efforts , meanwhile , appear to have downshifted .
After making a splash last year with test runs in Colorado , Ohio and Nevada - including a US $ 500 deal to haul 52,000 cans of Budweiser in a self-driving truck for Anheuser-Busch - Otto has not done additional test runs in those states .
An Uber spokesperson declined to offer an explanation , but said the company hoped to demonstrate the technology in action again soon .
Otto trucks continue to be tested in California , but not in fully autonomous mode , a separate Uber spokesperson said . California regulators are investigating the company over whether it used self-driving technology without approval .
The North American trade association for independent truck drivers says it held talks with Otto as recently as a couple months ago , but any prospect of using the technology is premature . `` From our side , it 's been mostly a matter of educating Otto '' about the truck industry , said Todd Spencer of the Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association . `` They realize there is a tremendously big market , if only they can find something that works . ''
( Additional reporting by Alexandria Sage in San Francisco ; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Marla Dickerson )
Tensions over North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs continue to simmer . I 'm Davan Maharaj , editor-in-chief of the Los Angeles Times . Here are some story lines I do n't want you to miss today .
TOP STORIES
Staredown on the Korean Peninsula
Harsh words have long been a staple in the game of brinksmanship between Washington and Pyongyang , usually followed by some kind of calm . This time , “ the era of strategic patience is over , ” Vice President Mike Pence says , and if it was n't clear already from the U.S. missile strike in Syria and the “ mother of all bombs ” in Afghanistan , they put it bluntly on their trip to the Demilitarized Zone . “ North Korea would do well not to test [ President Trump 's ] resolve — or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region. ” They also gave a cold stare across the border , while North Korean soldiers took pictures of them and their entourage . Pence continues their Asian trip today .
More Politics
-- Today 's special election in Georgia will give Republicans a chance to reassert power or Democrats a chance to flip a Republican House seat .
-- Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says the Trump administration is unlikely to meet its self-declared August deadline for enacting tax reform .
-- Calexit , stage left : The author of the initiative to secede from the U.S. has called it quits on their proposal for a 2018 ballot measure .
-- Justice Neil M. Gorsuch took their seat on the Supreme Court for the first time and quickly joined colleagues in firing questions at lawyers in three highly procedural disputes .
Why the Border Patrol Likes Trump 's Laid-Back Approach
The U.S. Border Patrol is the largest federal law enforcement agency , with a budget of more than $ 13 billion and nearly 20,000 agents last year . Still , the union representing the rank and file has long argued that they do n't get enough support to do their jobs , and in 2012 , a union member started “ The Green Line ” podcast to voice these frustrations . Now civil rights advocates are watching with alarm as the union feels it has a kindred spirit in Trump , who called into the show last year and said they were going to let agents “ do their job the way they want to do it . ”
Berkeley as the National Theater of Protest
It was billed as a “ free speech ” rally by conservative activists and staged in Berkeley , one of America 's most famously liberal cities . Before it even began , fists were flying , including those of a white supremacist now being investigated by their school , Cal State Stanislaus . The combatants generally were n't locals ; they were extremists on the left and right who had traveled , some from as far away as Missouri , to make Berkeley their stage . Many freely admitted they were there simply to make trouble .
Protesters face off in Berkeley . David Butow / For The Times Protesters face off in Berkeley . Protesters face off in Berkeley . ( David Butow / For The Times )
Why Turkey 's Vote Could Hurt the West
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is known to hold a grudge . After a coup attempt less than a year ago , they initiated a government purge of 170,000 people . Is the West , and more specifically Europe , their next target ? Though Trump congratulated Erdoğan about a vote that appeared to greatly expand Erdoğan 's authority and let them serve 15 more years in office , European election observers have added their voice to concerns about it being rigged . That , in turn has set the Turkish leader to bash Europe . While it plays well at home , it could mean more instability in the fight against Islamic State , dealing with the migrant crisis and even NATO .
Their Kids Are Dying , but They Say God Will Make It Right
In most states , failing to seek medical care for a child would be a crime . Not so if you live in Idaho and are a member of the Followers of Christ , a small Christian denomination that believes in faith healing . Idaho is one of a handful of states that give religious groups exemptions from criminal prosecution and civil liability for the deaths of children attributed to medical neglect . A sheriff is trying to get the law changed , but it 's an uphill fight .
CALIFORNIA
-- Design flaws , construction shortcomings and maintenance errors caused the Oroville Dam spillway to break apart in February , according to an independent analysis .
-- L.A. County is looking to strengthen the safety net for its neediest residents with funding for the homeless , social workers and healthcare .
-- In an attempt to ease the burdens of student debt , the state is considering a role in helping to refinance private loans .
-- A new mural in San Diego 's Chicano Park depicts the plight of migrant workers and denounces Trump 's planned border wall , but some residents say it should n't be in a public park .
Antonio Conte says they have no plans to speak with Italian FA vice-commissioner Alessandro Costacurta over the Italy job and intends to see out their contract at Chelsea .
Costacurta had claimed they would travel to London to speak to Conte , who is under pressure at Chelsea following Wednesday 's 3-0 home defeat to Bournemouth – the club 's worst defeat since April 2016 .
Asked whether they had any plans to speak with Costacurta , Conte said : “ No , no . I must be honest , no .
“ Costacurta is a friend and we played together in the national team in 1994 .
“ Maybe they forgot I still have 18 months of contract with Chelsea and my intention , my will , my desire is to respect this contract . ”
Chelsea have won just one league game this year and failed to reach the Carabao Cup final after defeat to Arsenal , leading to reports Conte could be sacked with former Barcelona head coach Luis Enrique in line to take over .
The Italian signed an improved two-year deal with Chelsea last summer and insists they remain committed to the club .
They said : “ My intention , my will is to respect the contract . We signed a three-year contract and I think our desire is to continue and to respect the contract .
“ But from the start of the season , I remember our defeat after Burnley , there was a lot of speculation about my sacking .
“ I 'm not interested in this and my only desire is to continue to work , be focused on my team and try to do the best with this team . ”
Conte also welcomed the pressure surrounding their future at Stamford Bridge as their side take on Watford on Monday .
Asked about speculation over their job , the 48-year-old said : “ It does n't affect me . This season the situation has always been the same , with a lot of pressure , a lot of pressure , a lot of pressure around me .
“ I do n't understand why it 's only around me – maybe because it is Chelsea .
“ The pressure is normal , the pressure is life . If I stay without pressure , I do n't like it . I like to have the pressure and I like this type of situation .
“ If I see there is no pressure it is not good for me , it is not good for the players because when the situation is too calm , you risk being relaxed and to lose the anger and the fire . I like to live with this pressure . ”
KUALA LUMPUR : Japanese beverage company Suntory has issued a recall for some of its Ribena cordial drinks in Malaysia .
In a press release on Friday ( Aug 11 ) , Suntory 's regional general manager for Malaysia , Hong Kong and Singapore Lee Hon Tong said : `` We wish to announce that during a routine quality check in our factory , we found one error in our manufacturing process . ''
As a careful measure , Lee added that the company had taken `` a voluntary decision '' to withdraw all Ribena cordial drinks with specified expiry dates from Saturday ( Aug 12 ) .
These are the batches of Ribena brands , with their respective expiry dates , that have been recalled :
Ribena Cordial Blackurrant ( May till August 2018 ) ; Ribena Cordial Blackurrant and Glucose ( May till August 2018 ) ; Ribena Cordial Blackurrant and Strawberry ( February till March 2018 ) ; Ribena Cordial Blackurrant and Blueberry ( February till March 2018 ) ; Ribena Cordial Blackurrant and Apple ( April till May 2018 ) .
Mr Lee added that Suntory has also temporarily stopped deliveries for all Ribena cordial drinks from its factory in Shah Alam to its distributors and trading partners .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The company added that the safety of its consumers is of the utmost importance and that it constantly monitors and checks all information related to its product in a safe and effective way .
`` We guarantee that we will try our very best to resolve this issue and will announce as soon as we can when we are able to continue our manufacturing process and product deliveries , '' Mr Lee added .
BERLIN : Germany 's interior ministry is already working on preparing agreements with other European Union countries to return refugees to the countries in which they first registered their asylum claims , a ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday .
Interior Minister Horst Seehofer is due to travel to Vienna on Wednesday , where they will hold talks with Austria 's Chancellor Sebastian Kurz , and Hungary 's Prime Minister Viktor Orban is scheduled to meet Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin .
Advertisement
Ministry spokesperson Eleonore Petermann added that there was as yet no timetable for the signing of any agreements .
( Reporting by Thomas Escritt ; Editing by Michael Nienaber )
In today 's roundup , Netflix released an early slate of its 2018 documentaries and History marks high viewership for “ Knightfall ” and “ Vikings . ”
RATINGS
The December 6 premiere of History 's “ Knightfall ” was watched by more than 3.0 million Total Viewers based on Live+3 viewing ( +71 % over Live+SD ) . Week two of “ Vikings ” Season 5 delivered 3.5 million Total Viewers in L+3 , growing +6 % versus the season premiere . This marks the first time in any season that “ Vikings ” has seen an increase in week two .
DATES
Netflix announced its early slate of 2018 documentaries . “ The Trader ( Sovdagari ) , ” winner of the Best Short Documentary Award at Hot Docs and part of Sundance ‘ s 2018 shorts program , will be released Feb. 9 follows Gela as they sell secondhand clothes and household items from the back of their minibus while travelling the Eastern European country , Georgia in search of potatoes . “ Ladies First , ” which premieres on March 9 , tells the story of Deepika Kumari who , as a girl born on the roadside to abject poverty in rural India , went in search of food , stumbled upon archery , and within four years became the number one archer in the world. ” Ram Dass , Going Home , ” centered around the psychedelic pioneer , author of Be Here Now , spiritual teacher , and advocate for death-and-dying awareness Dass as they approach the end of their life , will be released on April 6 . “ End Game , ” which will also make its world premiere at the 2018 Sundance Film Festival , follows medical practitioners who are working on the cutting edge of life and death and will be released on May 4 .
EXECUTIVE NEWS
MRC has promoted DJ Jacobs to Chief Financial Officer and Headof Business Development . Jacobs , previously SVP Corporate Development , will oversee a newly
combined Corporate Strategy , Finance , and Business Development Department where they will be in charge of MRC 's new business initiatives , film and TV underwriting , strategic planning , M & A , and financings . Jacobs who joined the company in 2011 will continue reporting to co-CEO 's , Asif Satchu and Modi Wiczyk . They are a member of the team overseeing MRC 's film co- financing efforts and greenlighting original films and TV series including “ Baby Driver , ” “ Mortal Engines , ” “ Ozark , ” for Netflix and the upcoming Starz original series , ” Counterpart . “
Mike Napodano has been named senior vice president and chief technology officer for Disney-ABC Television Group . They will report to Bruce Rosenblum , president , Business Operations . As the senior member of the Disney-ABC technology team they will oversee the long-term technology vision and implementation and will be responsible for media operations and distribution , network operations and engineering , IT strategy and operations , and an integrated enterprise-wide consumer data platform . This includes a focus on the use , optimization and replenishment of current technology solutions , as well as an expanded responsibility for forward-looking digital technologies . They will also supervise the design and management of an enterprise-wide data platform for leveraging consumer data and driving business insights .
President of the Dominica Nursing Association ( DNA ) , Rosie Felix , has said that salary is a major issue for nurses who are leaving Dominica in droves .
They noted that it is the reason why nurses are leaving the island to seek employment elsewhere .
“ Salary takes up 50 percent of the problem and the other 50 percent , a combination of problems , ” they stated . “ It is a fact that nurses are leaving for better salary abroad . ”
According to Felix , a nurse migrating to a neighboring island gets a start-off salary of $ 5,000 .
“ Our top nurse , their start-off salary is below $ 5,000 , ” they stated .
They said some time ago a job consultancy exercise here in Dominica recommended a significant increase for nurses but that document has been pushed aside .
“ A few years ago , the Caribbean Center for Developmental Administration did a job consultancy exercise here and DNA , we were pushing for that along with the unions and other stakeholders , ” they said . “ The consultants recommended or justified , basically , that nurses do need a salary upgrade and they recommended a significant salary upgrade . This document and this recommendation have been put aside , cast aside , so nurses continue to work for less than we really need at this time .
They remarked that what nurses want is “ professional pay for professional work . ”
“ Nurses will tell you when they go to the bank , the bankers are telling them to get a husband so they could get a loan together because their salary is not enough for them to secure a house loan or land loan , ” Felix said .
Figures from the Ministry of Health show some 14 nurses including retirees departed the island since Hurricane Maria devastated Dominica last September .
In 2017 , a total of 14 nurses including retirees also left the island .
This is a total of 28 nurses and officials fear this could have an impact on health services in Dominica .
Health Minister , Dr. Kenneth Darroux , said on a recent radio program that the nursing service in Dominica is ‘ fast nearing critical levels ' but some people are making it appear worse than it really is .
LOS ANGELES — Marvel 's continuing space opera Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 has yet to hit theatres , but plans are already in the works for the third instalment .
On Monday , James Gunn announced on Facebook that they would be returning to write and direct Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 3 . Gunn also wrote and directed the first and second Guardians films .
The franchise stars Chris Pratt , Zoe Saldana , Dave Bautista and features the voices of Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel .
In their post , Gunn said that Guardians 3 will come after 2018 's Avengers : Infinity War and conclude the story of this iteration of Guardians of the Galaxy , helping to launch Marvel 's next 10 years .
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 hits theatres on May 5 .
The Bank of Canada held its key interest rate target , but hinted that rate hikes
The Bank of Canada is seen in Ottawa on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday , but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter .
The central bank held steady its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country 's big banks — at 1.25 per cent .
A statement released with the decision noted that exports were more robust than forecast as data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment , but also pointed to softer real estate activity into the second quarter as the market ” continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates . ”
“ Going forward , solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018 , ” it said .
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track , but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies .
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target , but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data .
“ In particular , the bank will continue to assess the economy 's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity , ” it said .
Related : Bank of Canada holds benchmark interest rate as economic growth moderates
Related : Bank of Canada says Canadians owe $ 2 trillion as it mulls next rate hike
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday , but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year .
The central bank 's statement had “ a hawkish tone , suggesting the next rate hike is not far off , ” said TD Bank senior economist Brian DePratto .
“ All told , the positives seem to outweigh the negatives , ” DePratto wrote in a note to clients .
“ Gone was the reference to ‘ caution ' that typified the last few statements . Today 's statement instead chose the term ‘ gradual ' to describe the approach to policy adjustments . Importantly , interest rate sensitivity and the evolution of economic capacity remained areas of particular focus . ”
The central bank 's decision to keep its trend-setting rate on hold came as inflation sits above the two per cent midpoint of its target range of one to three per cent and core inflation has crept past the two per cent mark for the first time since 2012 .
It noted that inflation will likely be a bit higher in the near term than was forecast in its April monetary policy report due to recent increases in gasoline prices , but that it will look through the transitory impact of the fluctuations at the pump .
The central bank has raised its key rate three times since last summer , increases that have prompted the big Canadian banks to raise their prime rates which are used to set the rates charged for variable-rate mortgages and other variable-rate loans .
Its next scheduled interest rate decision is set for July 11 when it will also update its outlook for the economy and inflation in its monetary policy report .
Craig Wong , The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
As fundraisers go , this is one of the sweetest around .
And it 's for a cause very close to many hearts - mine included . Cupcakes for animal welfare . And the safety and well-being of our forever furry friends .
Raising funds and awareness is as easy as , well - cupcakes ! In fact , we 're all being encourged to preheat ovens and start baking up a storm for National Cupcake Day , coming up fast Feb. 27 , all in order to make - or bake a difference in animals in need .
Now in its fifth year , National Cupcake Day is presented in partnership by the Ontario SPCA and the BC SPCA , and is a collaborative event to support local SPCAs and Humane Societies across Canada .
In 2016 , animal lovers across Canada raised over $ 615,000 in support of their local animal welfare societies .
The campaign has raised $ 1.85 million to date .
And it really is an easy event to participate in - all you have to do is register to host a National Cupcake Day party and invite co-workers , friends and family . Guests donate to the participating animal welfare charity of the host 's choice in exchange for a cupcake ! By doing so , you 're raising critically-needed funds for animals that are abused , abandoned , neglected or no longer wanted .
Cupcake Day parties can be held anywhere , and on any date in February .
“ National Cupcake Day is fun , delicious and , best of all , it changes the lives of animals that have endured hardship and cruelty , ” says celebrity chef Anna Olson , host of the Food Network 's Bake with Anna Olson and official ‘ Cupcake Crusader ' for the campaign . “ The funds you raise will have a significant impact on the animal welfare societies in your community , ensuring that their life-saving work continues . ”
I ca n't add to that . I 'm going to be hosting a cupcake day in my office knowing it 's one of the sweetest - and easiest - fundraising events around .
Here are a couple of recipes to get you started . And follow the details on the sidebar if you 're interested in hosting your own National Cupcake Day , too .
* * *
How you can get involved :
1 . Register for FREE at nationalcupcakeday.ca
2 . Receive for your Cupcake Host Kit to arrive in the mail or download it online .
3 . Customize your Personal Fundraising Centre online and ask your friends , family and colleagues to support your fundraising efforts .
4 . Send your friends and family an email through your participant centre , encouraging them to show their support by donating online .
5 . Plan your National Cupcake Day Party for home , work , school or wherever you think people would love to eat cupcakes .
6 . Hold your National Cupcake Day Party on Monday , Feb. 27 or any day in February that works for you .
7 . Bake , decorate and eat !
- Visit nationalcupcakeday.ca to register , bake and donate .
Some sweet inspiration :
RHUBARB CUPCAKES WITH STRAWBERRY CREAM CHEESE ICING
Look for rhubarb in frozen food section , or substitute frozen berries if you can not source . Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario .
Cupcakes :
1 cup ( 250mL ) all-purpose flour
1 tsp . ( 5mL ) baking powder
1/4 tsp . ( 1mL ) salt
1/3 cup ( 75mL ) butter , at room temperature
3/4 cup ( 175mL ) granulated sugar
2 eggs
1/2 tsp . ( 2 mL ) vanilla
1/4 cup ( 60 mL ) milk
3/4 cup ( 175mL ) diced rhubarb ( about 1/4-inch/0.5 cm )
Icing :
1/4 cup ( 60 mL ) cream cheese , softened
1 Tbsp . ( 15mL ) butter , at room temperature
3 Tbsp . ( 45mL ) strawberry jam
2 cups ( 500mL ) icing sugar , sifted
2 tsp . ( 10mL ) milk
Strawberry jam ( optional )
Line a muffin pan with paper liners ; set aside . In medium bowl , whisk together flour , baking powder and salt . In large bowl , using electric mixer , beat butter until creamy . Gradually beat in sugar until well combined . Beat in eggs , one at a time . Add vanilla and beat until fluffy . Gradually beat in flour mixture , alternating with milk , just until smooth . Stir in rhubarb . Using ice cream scoop or large spoons , spoon batter into prepared muffin pan , filling about 3/4 full .
Bake in 350F ( 180C ) oven for 20 to 22 minutes , or until tester inserted in centre comes out clean . Let cool in pan on a rack for 5 minutes ; remove cupcakes onto rack and cool completely .
ICING : In medium bowl , using electric mixer , beat cream cheese and butter until smooth . Beat in jam . Add icing sugar and milk ; beat until very smooth . Spread icing over cooled cupcakes ( or use piping bag ) . If desired , drizzle a bit of strawberry jam ( thinned with a bit of water ) , over icing . Store in airtight container and refrigerate up to 3 days .
Makes 12 cupcakes .
CARROT AND TRIPLE-CHOCOLATE CUPCAKES
Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario
Cupcakes :
1/2 cup ( 125mL ) unsalted butter , at room temperature
1 cup ( 250mL ) light brown sugar
3 eggs , separated
1 tsp ( 5mL ) vanilla
1/2 tsp . ( 2mL ) almond extract
1 cup ( 250mL ) coarsely grated carrots ( about 3 medium )
1-1/2 cups ( 375mL ) all-purpose flour
1/2 cup ( 125mL ) cocoa powder
1-1/2 tsp . ( 7mL ) ground cinnamon
1 tsp . ( 5mL ) baking soda
1/2 tsp . ( 2mL ) baking powder
1/4 tsp . ( 1mL ) freshly grated nutmeg
1 cup ( 250mL ) buttermilk
1/3 cup ( 75mL ) semisweet chocolate chips
Icing :
1/2 cup ( 125mL ) unsalted butter , at room temperature
1 cup ( 250mL ) icing sugar
2/3 cup ( 150mL ) cocoa powder
1/4 cup ( 60 mL ) buttermilk
1 tsp . ( 5mL ) vanilla
Decoration :
Half pkg . ( 8 oz/227 g pkg ) marzipan
Red and yellow food colouring
Using electric hand mixer , beat butter with all but 1 Tbsp . ( 15 mL ) of brown sugar until fluffy . Add egg yolks , vanilla and almond extract ; beat again . Stir in carrots . Set aside .
In large bowl , sift together flour , cocoa powder , cinnamon , baking soda , baking powder and nutmeg . Fold into butter mixture , alternate with buttermilk , making 3 additions of flour mixture and 2 of buttermilk . Fold in chocolate chips .
In separate bowl , beat egg whites until frothy . Beat in remaining 1 Tbsp . ( 15 mL ) brown sugar until stiff . Gently fold into batter until just blended . Divide among 12 paper-lined muffin cups . Bake in 375F ( 190C ) oven for about 25 minutes or until tops are springy to the touch . Let cool completely on rack .
ICING : In bowl , beat together butter , icing sugar and cocoa powder for about 1 minute or until fluffy and smooth . Beat in buttermilk and vanilla until smooth . Spread over cooled cupcakes .
TOPPING : Knead marzipan to soften . Tint with food colouring by combining one part red food colouring to two parts yellow to make orange . Form into 12 small carrot shapes . Roll edge of small knife around each carrot , making light indentations . Make small hole in top of each carrot with toothpick ; press fresh carrot greens ( leaf ) into hole .
Makes 12 cupcakes .
PUMPKIN BACON PUPPY PAW COOKIES
Chef Anna Olson created this special cupcakes for puppies and dogs in mind !
4 slices turkey bacon
1½ cups ( 375mL ) pure pumpkin puree
3/4 cup ( 175mL ) milk
1/4 cup ( 60mL ) vegetable oil
1 large egg
1 2/3 cups ( 250g ) whole wheat flour
1-1/2 tsp . ( 7mL ) baking powder
1/4 tsp . ( 1mL ) baking soda
1/4 tsp . ( 1mL ) ground cinnamon
Preheat oven to 375F ( 190C ) and line 2 baking trays with parchment paper .
Cook bacon over medium high heat until crisp , flipping it over 3/4 way through cooking , about 8 minutes in total . Drain bacon on a paper towel , but reserve fat in pan if you wish to use it in treats . Add cooked bacon to bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely ground . Add pumpkin puree , milk , oil and egg and pulse until smooth . Add flour , baking powder , baking soda and cinnamon and pulse until mixture is a smooth paste .
Fill a piping bag fitted with a large plain tip with mixture and pipe “ puppy paw ” shapes onto prepared trays . To do this , first pipe centre pad to each paw about 1-1/2 in . ( 36 mm ) across , and then pipe 3 smaller dots above base , to maketoes . Bake treats for about 15 minutes , until they lift easily from tray . Allow treats to cool on tray before packing in an airtight container .
Treats will keep for up to 4 days in an airtight container ( unrefrigerated ) or they can be frozen indefinitely .
Makes about 2 ½ dozen soft treats .
Saudi Arabia lifted a 35-year-old ban on cinemas on Monday , prompting celebrations from film fans , directors and movie chains eyeing the last untapped mass market in the Middle East .
RIYADH : Saudi Arabia lifted a 35-year-old ban on cinemas on Monday , prompting celebrations from film fans , directors and movie chains eyeing the last untapped mass market in the Middle East .
The first theatres could start showing films as early as March , the government said , part of a liberalising reform drive that has already opened the door to concerts , comedy shows , and women drivers over the past year .
Cinemas were banned in the early 1980s under pressure from Islamists as Saudi society turned towards a particularly conservative form of the religion that discouraged public entertainment and public mixing between men and women .
But reforms led by 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman have eased many of those restrictions , as the government tries to broaden the economy and lessen its dependence on oil .
`` Opening cinemas will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification , '' said Minister of Culture and Information Awwad bin Saleh Alawwad .
`` By developing the broader cultural sector we will create new employment and training opportunities , as well as enriching the Kingdom 's entertainment options . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
In a nod to conservatives , the government said the films would be censored to make sure they remain `` in line with values and principles in place and do not contradict with Sharia Laws and moral values in the kingdom . ''
The details of that censorship were not announced , but could be extensive in a country where images of women are often crossed out on advertising .
There was no immediate reaction from the kingdom 's Wahhabi clergy and conservative groups , who have responded to past suggestions about bringing back cinema with outraged social media campaigns .
Public objections to the reforms have been more muted in recent months , after authorities launched a spate of arrests clamping down on critics of the programme .
`` CINEMA IS JOY ''
Up to now , the kingdom 's film pioneers have had to focus on foreign markets to get their works shown .
`` Saudi Arabia is always in the news , but it 's nice to be in the news in this way , '' said Los Angeles-based Saudi director Haifaa Al Manour , who released the first full-length feature shot entirely in the kingdom , Wadjda , in 2012 .
`` I feel like we 're about to relive what Egypt was like in the '50s , '' they said , referring to the explosion of film-making in what is now the epicentre of Arabic popular cinema .
Prince Mohammed has also sought to promote a more tolerant form of Islam and crack down on extremism , a cause Mansour said would be furthered by films .
`` If you want to fight terrorism , you need to give people a love of life . A love of life comes from joy , and cinema is joy . ''
Thousands of Saudis currently travel to Bahrain , the United Arab Emirates and other countries for their entertainment . The government has said it wants to retain the money spent on those trips .
Regional cinema chains have also been eyeing the Saudi market , keen to tap the spending power of the young people who make up roughly 70 percent of the kingdom 's population .
Dubai-based mall operator Majid Al Futtaim , which owns the VOX Cinemas chain , said it wanted to open the first movie theatre there .
`` We are very happy about this announcement , as you can imagine , we have been waiting for it for quite some time , ” said chief executive Alain Bejjani .
The government said it expected to open more than 300 cinemas with more than 2,000 screens by 2030 , building an industry that would contribute more than 90 billion riyals ( US $ 24 billion ) to the economy and create 30,000 permanent jobs over the same period .
A commission chaired by Alawwad will announce details of licensing and regulations over the next few weeks , it added .
Locations for the first cinemas are still under study , but would likely be in top population centres , Fahad al-Muammar , the supervisor of cinema in the kingdom 's General Commission for Audiovisual Media , told state TV al-Ekhbariya .
( US $ 1 = 3.7502 riyals )
( Reporting by Sami Aboudi , Andrew Torchia , Alexander Cornwell and Reem Shamseddine ; Editing by Hugh Lawson and Andrew Heavens )
Lonzo Ball walked over to a cluster of reporters , gingerly . Their left ankle was covered in black medical tape with blue wires emerging from it from the treatment they received toward the end of Friday 's practice .
As scheduled , Ball was limited in Friday 's practice because of a sprained left ankle . It is uncertain if they will play Sunday against the Sacramento Kings in Las Vegas .
“ It 's getting better every day , still day to day . Got out there today , tried to practice a little bit but I was limited , ” Ball said . “ … Went over some plays , just being out there with my team , showing them I 'm still here for them . Regardless of whether I play Sunday or not I 'm going to be here . ”
Ball said they will travel with the team for the Las Vegas game . Proceeds of that game will be donated to family members , victims and first responders who were impacted by the shooting on Sunday night .
Lakers coach Luke Walton said Ball is day to day .
“ We 'll see , ” Walton said . “ We would love to have them out there , obviously . But we are not going to , if they are not ready to go then they wo n't play . ”
tania.ganguli @ latimes.com
Follow Tania Ganguli on Twitter @ taniaganguli
Kano State Hisbah Board says it arrested no fewer than 94 beggars in Kano metropolis last month for allegedly violating the law banning street begging in the state .
Malam Dahiru Nuhu , the officer in charge of Anti-Begging Unit of the Board , disclosed this while speaking with the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) on Saturday in Kano .
Nuhu said that the suspects were arrested during different raids in the metropolis , adding that 24 of them were children , while 70 were adults .
They said the arrests were carried out in areas around motor parks and restaurants but that the beggars were however , released and warned after confirming that they were first time offenders .
Nuhu urged people to shun begging but instead , use their hands to better their livelihood .
NAN reports that violation of the law banning street begging in the state attracts a minimum of three months jail term if convicted .
European Union countries have the right to shape their courts according to the own traditions , Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki told the European Parliament on Wednesday .
BRUSSELS : European Union countries have the right to shape their courts according to the own traditions , Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki told the European Parliament on Wednesday .
They were speaking after another of their government 's sweeping changes to the judiciary entered into force in Poland on Tuesday , triggering fresh street protests over the overhaul criticised by the EU for undercutting the courts ' independence and hence the rule of law .
Advertisement
( Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska and Robert-Jan Bartunek )
Bob Dylan has been accused of borrowing heavily for part of the Nobel Literature Prize lecture they finally delivered to the Swedish Academy last week .
LOS ANGELES : Bob Dylan has been accused of borrowing heavily for part of the Nobel Literature Prize lecture they finally delivered to the Swedish Academy last week .
The singer-songwriter 's remarks on how the book `` Moby Dick '' influenced them bear a close similarity to the SparkNotes summaries of the Herman Melville classic novel , according to an analysis on Slate.com .
SparkNotes.com provides study guides for students in literature and other fields .
Author Andrea Pitzer , writing on Slate.com on Tuesday , listed some 20 sentences from the portion of Dylan 's lecture on `` Moby Dick '' that closely resembled phrases or ideas on the SparkNotes website on the book .
They included lines from Dylan 's online lecture such as `` Ahab 's got a wife and child back in Nantucket that they reminisce about now and then . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
The entry from SparkNotes reads `` musing on their wife and child back in Nantucket , '' Pitzer noted .
Dylan 's representatives did not return calls for comment on Wednesday . Dylan , whose songs include `` Blowin ' in the Wind , '' `` The Times They Are A-Changin '' and `` Like a Rolling Stone , '' has admitted in the past that they draw from other influences .
In a 2012 interview with Rolling Stone magazine , they brushed aside criticism that they plagiarized the work of other artists by saying : `` It 's called songwriting . It has to do with melody and rhythm , and then after that , anything goes . You make everything yours . We all do it . ''
The media-shy Dylan , 76 , delivered their lecture to the Swedish Academy last week just within the six-month time limit set by the organisation in order for Nobel laureates to receive the 8 million crowns ( US $ 900,000 ) that goes with the prize . They chose not to attend the annual ceremony and banquet in Stockholm .
`` If the Moby Dick portion of their Nobel lecture was indeed cribbed from SparkNotes , then what is the world to make of it ? Perhaps the use of SparkNotes can be seen as a sendup of the prestige-prize economy , '' said Pitzer .
( Reporting by Jill Serjeant ; Editing by Peter Cooney )
The UN imposed sanctions on a Congolese general on Friday for supporting the massacre of civilians by a suspected militia in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo .
General Muhindo Akili Mundos , an ally of President Joseph Kabila , is one of four names to be added on to the UN sanctions committee list , said Monusco , the organisation 's peacekeeping mission in the country .
General Mundos was officially commander of the Congolese army 's military operations against the Allied Democratic Forces ( ADF ) , a Ugandan Islamist group , in the country 's Beni region from August 2014 to June 2015 .
At least 400 civilians were massacred in attacks attributed to the ADF in that period , and the UN says Mundos was involved .
“ Under the command of Mundos , the FARDC ( Congolese army ) did not intervene to prevent ” the ADF from targeting civilians , said a copy of UN documents seen by AFP .
“ Mundos recruited and equipped ex-combatants from local armed groups to participate in extrajudicial executions and massacres by the Allied Democratic Forces , ” the UN said .
Three militia leaders are also on the UN sanctions committee list , including Guidon Shimiray Mwissa , from the NDC-R militia , who is accused of recruiting “ child soldiers ” .
Lucien Nzambamwita ( also known as Andre Kalume ) , a military leader from the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda ( FDLR ) and Gedeon Kyungu , who is “ implicated in serious human rights abuses ” , are also on the list .
The UN document says the four men “ pose a threat to the peace , stability , and security of the DRC ” .
“ These sanctions cover a very wide range of targeted measures such as arms embargos , travel bans and even financial or diplomatic measures , ” the UN said on its website .
Activist investor Pershing Square Capital Management LP said on Monday the chief executive of Automatic Data Processing Inc had `` unfairly characterized '' their interactions in an effort to make the hedge fund 's requests `` appear unreasonable '' .
REUTERS : Activist investor Pershing Square Capital Management LP said on Monday the chief executive of Automatic Data Processing Inc had `` unfairly characterized '' their interactions in an effort to make the hedge fund 's requests `` appear unreasonable '' .
ADP had earlier this month said Ackman wanted effective control of the company through five board seats and a CEO change .
Pershing , led by billionaire investor William Ackman , said on Monday it had not sought effective control of ADP at any time and had expressed an openness to work with CEO Carlos Rodriguez . http : //bit.ly/2hZYzDR
According to a filing on Monday , Pershing said Rodriguez had mistakenly sent an email to Ackman instead of ADP 's general counsel on Aug. 6 .
In the mail , Rodriguez said they did not find Ackman 's willingness to work with them to be credible as it was conditioned on them having the same view .
The hedge fund had proposed three nominees to ADP 's board last week , setting the stage for a proxy contest with the human resources outsourcing company .
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee and Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru ; Editing by Arun Koyyur )
The Union Budget presented on 1 February had some fascinating and unexpected aspects . First was the lack of defence spending , which upset our strategic experts . India spends Rs 4,00,000 crore a year on its army . To put the number in perspective , the Modicare scheme ( which we will discuss later ) , that intends to cover 50 crore poor Indians , is estimated to cost only Rs 10,000 crore a year .
The spend on the army includes a pension payout which is 10 times bigger than Modicare , meaning Rs 1,00,000 crore . One Rank One Pension is something no other government servant , like mail carrier , sweeper or teacher gets . Only retired soldiers demand and secure such permanent benefits from a poor nation . The 4 lakh crore does not include another Rs 30,000 crore or so that India spends annually on groups like the CRPF , which are also on permanent defence deployment in Kashmir and the Northeast . They are included in the definition of 'armed forces ' and protected by laws like AFSPA .
While the Narendra Modi government has not cut defence spending , it has increased it only by about 6 percent per year , each year , since 2014 . This is only marginally more than the rate of inflation , meaning actual spending has been more or less flat . Experts worry that at a time when the Chinese government is becoming aggressive in its zone of influence , India is not taking up the challenge . To me , this attitude of Modi , which is to talk loudly but carry a small stick , is wise . I do n't have any problem with nations maintaining armies . It is not really a question of becoming an unarmed nation or turning the other cheek or anything like that . But we must put our security in perspective and prioritise . The average Indian citizen is far more likely to be affected by disease and poverty than a Chinese invasion . We must put our security in that context and if we do , then Rs 4,00,000 crore is too high a price and Rs 1,00,000 is too high a pension payout .
Whatever other experts might feel , I think Modi has done a terrific job in restricting , if not quite cutting , this absurd sum . Let us now turn to the scheme that is being called Modicare . It will offer insurance to 10 crore families , and if we count the average family as five people , it covers 50 crore individuals with a maximum benefit of Rs 5 lakh per family .
Experts have the following issues with this scheme : First off , that Arun Jaitley has not allocated enough money for it . Only Rs 2,000 crore has been allocated while the actual cost is likely to be much higher . Insurance premiums for a coverage of Rs 5 lakh is likely to be around Rs 1,100 to Rs 1,400 per year per family . This means an amount of around Rs 11,000 crore to Rs 14,000 crore .
Secondly , that the scheme is only an announcement . The government says it will take six months to work out how the scheme will work and begin to implement it in the second half of the year . Surely , it should have been thought through first and then announced .
Thirdly , the scheme expects state governments to pay about half the cost , and this conversation with states has not started . Fourthly , that such schemes already exist in a few states ( which are already paying Rs 1,100 or so ) but they have not made sufficient impact .
Fifth , for many Indians , it is the physical access to a quality hospital that is the problem . Good facilities do not exist in many parts of India and so , an insurance-based solution does not resolve the lack of basic infrastructure . Sixth , studies have shown that India 's government medical facilities are among the worst in the world , including issues like absenteeism and unaccountability . So the problem is also governance . It would be an abdication to ignore this and look only at insurance schemes .
All of these objections have merit and need to be addressed . However , the health plan is still an excellent idea . Even if it is only an announcement , it will force the government to spend at some stage . It elevates the issue of the health of the weakest and most deprived Indians . It brings healthcare into the national conversation , from where it has been absent unlike defence and one rank one pension .
As long as the pressure exists , the money will be found . Once the citizen is armed with the money , they will also demand the facility . Whether Rs 5 lakh is sufficient or not is also something we will discover .
For all of these reasons , I think this move is a terrific one . I have no love of sympathy for the sort of religious majoritarianism that Modi has practised all their political life . What is happening under them is frightening and alarming on that front . But that should not stop us from applauding them when they come up with something good . The health scheme has changed the national conversation . For that reason , it must be supported .
This week , 1,100 new words and phrases have been added to the Oxford English Dictionary as part of a quarterly update to keep up with language trends . This means terms like `` snowflake , '' `` hangry , '' and `` mansplaining '' are now official entries .
To qualify for the list , the OED requires several independent examples of a word being used . The dictionary 's researchers then consult experts when deciding if the term should be added to the 829,000 words already included in the guide .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
`` Mansplaining , '' which did n't exist a decade ago , is defined as explaining something `` needlessly , overbearingly , or condescendingly , esp . ( typically when addressing a woman ) in a manner thought to reveal a patronizing or chauvinistic attitude . '' Researchers say the word was first used on a social networking website back in 2008 .
Most Popular
The term `` hangry '' is n't as new as we might think , however . According to Katherine Connor Martin , Head of US Dictionaries , the word — which describes that agonizing experience of being both starving and increasingly angry — dates from 1956 , when it was used in a psychoanalytic journal .
And while `` snowflake '' is often used as a derogatory term on social media , it has its roots in more positive connotations , Connor explains . `` The OED 's entry traces 'snowflake ' back to 1983 in a more affirmative sense , referring to a person , especially a child , regarded as having a unique personality and potential . '' Today , it 's used as an insult for `` a person characterized as overly sensitive or easily offended , or as feeling entitled to special treatment or consideration . ''
# hangry # muyfan # estoyhangryminutosíminutambién # pacienciajavito A post shared by Natalia Villalba ( @ natalia3villalba ) on Feb 1 , 2018 at 11:49pm PST
A number of parenting terms have been added to the collection , such as `` TTC '' or `` trying to conceive , '' after the dictionary worked with online parenting forum Mumsnet ahead of the update .
Here are some of the other new words and phrases to know , along with their definitions :
Me time : time devoted to doing what one wants , typically on one 's own , as opposed to working or doing things for others , considered as important in reducing stress or restoring energy .
Ransomware : A type of malicious software designed to block access to applications or files on a computer system until a sum of money is paid . In early use also : a type of open-source software which is available free of charge but requires a fee for access to all features , functions , or updates .
Selfy : Self-centred ; selfish .
Swag : Bold self-assurance in style or manner ; an air of great self-confidence or superiority .
Tomgirl : a girl or woman who acts or dresses in a manner conventionally more associated with boys .
Deglobalization : The process of making something less global and more regional in nature , focus , impact , etc . ; esp . the reversal or decline of globalization , or its effects ; an instance of this .
BFN/ BFP : `` big fat negative/ big fat positive '' ( relating to the results of a pregnancy test ) .
CIO : `` cry it out , '' a method of sleep training in which the child is left to fall asleep on its own and caregivers do not respond immediately to its cries .
Tom Swifty : A humorous sentence typically consisting of reported speech attributed to a speaker ( frequently `` Tom '' ) , followed by an adverb which relates punningly to what has been said .
Tommy John : Designating surgery in which the ulnar collateral ligament in the elbow is replaced with another tendon from elsewhere in the patient 's body or from a cadaver ; of or relating to such surgery . Frequently in Tommy John surgery .
Follow Delish on Instagram .
Download the Delish app .
From : Country Living UK
Over 246 million ( 246,355,190 ) meals has been served to date to primary pupils across 20 states in the country , since the first meal served in December 2016 under the National Homegrown School Feeding Programme .
The total figure is expected to reach 313,928,420 meals by the last week of February 2018 .
Also , the School Feeding Programme now feeds 6,044,625 pupils in 33,981 public primary schools across 20 states .
More states are expected to be added to the programme this year . The NHGSFP plans to implement feeding in a total of 28 States , while it aims to link farmers to school feeding markets .
In the same vein , several milestones were recorded by the Buhari administration 's National Social Investment Programmes in 2017 , in line with its inclusive growth plan , which includes tackling poverty and hunger , and creating jobs for Nigerians .
About 40,000 direct jobs have since been created from the School Feeding Programme across the participating states . The 20 states that have so far been covered by the NHGSFP include : Anambra , Enugu , Oyo , Osun , Ogun , Ebonyi , Zamfara , Delta , Abia , Benue , Plateau , Bauchi , Taraba , Kaduna , Akwa-Ibom , Cross River , Imo , Jigawa , Niger , and Kano .
Also , in 2017 , the school feeding programme collaborated with the Federal Ministry of Health to deliver an integrated deworming programme for pupils in all public primary schools classes 1 to 6 across 17 states nationwide .
Meanwhile , the School Feeding programme now has a social media-based quality assurance tracking system , # TrackWithUs , ensuring that required standards for menu for pupils and meal distribution are adhered to across the states in a transparent manner .
Similarly , the Conditional Cash Transfer has so far recorded over 280,000 beneficiaries in 21 states , while about 300,000 Government Enterprise Empowerment Programme , micro-credit , interest-free loans have been disbursed nationwide .
In the same vein , in 2017 , the N-power scheme , which is targeted at providing jobs for unemployed young graduates , started its physical verification process for the 2017 applicants .
In 2018 , more beneficiaries are expected to be added to about 200,000 young graduates currently employed under the scheme .
A total of N900 billion was appropriated for the SIPs in 2016 and 2017 ; with N500 billion appropriated for 2016 and N400 billion appropriated for 2017 .
However , the total amount released was N110 billion for 2016 and 2017 , with the total expenditure of N109 billion .
Below is a breakdown of the N109 billion released between October 2016 and November 2017 for the SIPs , namely : GEEP , CCT , NHGSFP , N-power , and general expenditure .
The GEEP expenditure was N11,700,200,466 , while the CCT gulped N5,235,401,087 .
In the same vein , between October 2016 and November 2017 , N22,370,719,017 was expended for the Home-grown School Feeding Programme ; while N69,731,256,122 was expended on N-power , which is the Job Creation component of the SIP , during the same period .
Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has denied corruption charges over the disappearance of millions of dollars from the 1MBD state investment fund , as part of a graft probe while they were in office .
A day after their arrest , the Malaysian High Court in Kuala Lumpur on Wednesday charged Najib with abuse of power and three counts of criminal breach of trust for allegedly depositing 42m ringgit ( $ 10m ) in state funds to their personal bank account between December 2014 and February 2015 .
“ I claim trial , ” they said in court on Tuesday before being granted bail at 1 million ringgits ( $ 250,000 ) in cash .
The charges relate to funds that were allegedly transferred from SRC International , a former subsidiary of 1Malaysia Development Berhad ( 1MBD ) into Najib 's personal account .
If convicted , each of the four charges could see the former prime minister jailed for up to 20 years .
Al Jazeera correspondent Florence Looi reports : “ The sum of about $ 10m is a small amount compared to the $ 4bn that Najib and their associate are alleged to have embezzled from 1MBD . ”
Najib , who says the legal action against them is politically motivated , was arrested by anti-corruption investigators on Tuesday .
Earlier on Tuesday , Malaysia 's anti-corruption agency questioned Riza Aziz , the stepson of Najib and a Hollywood film producer .
The 1MBD investigation has been several years in the making with allegation over misappropriation first emerging in 2015 .
‘ White collar crime '
Public anger over alleged corruption at the 1MDB fund , which was set up in 2009 , helped bring on the shock defeat of Najib 's coalition in the May 9 polls .
The new government – a coalition of opposition parties headed by Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad – reopened investigations that were stifled while Najib was in office and set up a special task force .
“ This new government has made it its top priority to prosecute people involved in the white collar crimes involving 1MBD as well as recovering the stolen funds , ” said Al Jazeera 's Looi .
In 2015 , it emerged that $ 4bn had gone missing from the 1MBD sovereign wealth fund , and nearly $ 700m was allegedly transferred into Najib 's bank account .
The US state department filed a case in 2016 , seeking to seize more than $ 1bn in assets linked to the fund .
Najib denied any wrongdoing and said the money was a donation from the Saudi royal family , which they had since returned .
So far , police have questioned others politicians as well as Najib 's wife , Rosmah Mansour and their stepson , Riza Aziz .
Malaysian authorities have also frozen hundreds of bank accounts believed to be linked to 1MBD .
Car factories across Germany were at a standstill on Friday as industrial workers staged a third day of 24-hour strikes , focusing on plants owned by Mercedes-Benz , Porsche , Audi and BMW . Automotive suppliers such as Schaeffler and SKF were also hit by industrial action , labour union IG Metall said . It is fighting for higher pay and more flexible working hours for 3.9 million workers in Germany .
`` We expect that will boost employers ' willingness to come to an agreement , '' Juergen Wechsler , head of IG Metall in Bavaria , said in a statement .
The full-day walkouts , due to end late on Friday , are IG Metall 's last warning shot before votes are cast on whether to take extended industrial action that could cost German companies hundreds of millions of euros in lost production .
Both the union and employers have said they are open to resuming talks on Monday , but they have each insisted that the other side show more willingness to make concessions . With Europe 's largest economy in robust health and unemployment at record lows , the country 's biggest union is demanding an 8 percent pay rise over 27 months for the metals and engineering sector .
The union has also asked for workers to be given the right to reduce their weekly hours to 28 from 35 to care for children , elderly or sick relatives , and to be able to return to full time after two years . Employers have offered a 6.8 percent wage increase , but rejected the demand for shorter hours unless they can also have the flexibility to increase workers ' hours when necessary .
They have also dismissed the idea that they should make up some of the pay shortfall for workers who cut their hours . Nearly 200,000 workers at more than 100 companies including truck-maker MAN and carmaker Ford staged rolling 24-hour strikes on Wednesday and Thursday , according to IG Metall .
By the end of Friday , that figure is expected to rise to around 260 companies , which also includes many companies from other industries such as aeroplane maker Airbus , engineering group Siemens and farming equipment maker Deere .
The union has targeted the automotive sector in particular . The country 's roughly 1,000 car and car parts makers account for roughly 10 percent of Europe 's biggest economy and rely heavily on a well-oiled supply chain of components .
The Third Judicial Circuit Pro Bono Committee continues to offer help to low-income residents .
The committee sponsors a Legal Advice Clinic where volunteer attorneys provide free legal appointments . It also offers assistance in real estate matters , and services exist for veterans . In a separate program , lawyers provide services for the court in family division . Some paralegals from law firms are also helping with paperwork in domestic violence court . The areas in which the lawyers help have been increased because of the overwhelming response from local attorneys .
“ Many attorneys volunteer their time in these programs as a public service and are finding more ways they can be helpful , ” said Judge Barb Crowder , chair of the Pro Bono Committee . “ Their enthusiasm and commitment toward meeting the needs of people with low incomes make us proud to know them and to publicize their efforts . ”
Forty-seven free appointments were scheduled from January through March . The attorneys who volunteered for the free appointments during the first three months are Will Asa , Rob Bas , Jared Giuffre , Thomas Hildebrand , Christine Kovach , Elizabeth Levy , Amy Meyer , Scott Meyer , Zachary Pashea , Barbara Sherer , Scott Snider , Gale Stipes , Andrew Velloff and Audra Zobrist .
In addition to the appointments , attorneys assist the Family Division judges by serving as mediators to help parties settle their cases or as guardians ad litem . During the first quarter of 2017 , 11 attorneys participated as mediators for parenting disputes and seven attorneys served as guardians at litem in court . Several paralegals from area law firms are also assisting with paperwork during the dockets dealing with domestic violence orders of protections in a new program sponsored by area law firms .
The Pro Bono committee wants to remind the public there are programs available overseen by Pro Bono Coordinator Angela Warta . The public should contact the self-help center in the Madison County Law Library for help . Low-income individuals who do not have attorneys can make a 30-minute appointment on any civil matter ( such as landlord-tenant , collections cases , small claims , guardianship , divorce and child support ) for the second or fourth Tuesday of each month . Low-income individuals who have real-estate deed or other problems may make an appointment to speak with Recorder of Deeds Amy Meyer in the Madison County Law Library on the second and fourth Wednesday of each month . And veterans who do not have attorneys but have legal issues may be able to be matched with an attorney volunteer who will help the veteran with the legal problem .
Qualifying information may need to be provided . Anyone who needs legal assistance or who wants to volunteer to help should contact Lauren Jansen at ( 618 ) 296-4472 or email them at lljansen @ co.madison.il.us . Veterans are asked to specifically identify themselves .
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
These are the results for Southington High School 's varsity contests for Saturday , Dec. 31 . For more in-depth coverage , read next week 's Southington Observer .
Ice Hockey : The Warrior Knights suffered their second-straight loss , 2-1 , at the Jahn Hockey Rink in Pomfret to Woodstock Academy ( 3-0 ) . Dusty Kilgore tied the contest at 1-1 by scoring the team 's lone goal of the game late in the first period , but the Centaurs clinched the win with a goal early in the second period . Nate Zmarlicki and Jeremy Fortin contributed with assists . Hall-Southington will look to break their two-game losing streak when they host divisional opponents Bolton-Coventry-RHAM-Rockville ( 1-2 ) on Wednesday , Jan. 4 and EO Smith-Tolland-Windham ( 2-1 ) on Saturday , Jan. 7 in their first home games of the season . The Warrior Knights are currently 1-2-1 overall .
Wrestling : The Blue Knights hosted the Connecticut Duals and went 4-1 after wrestling five out of the 10 teams that attended . Southington defeated Ridgefield , 63-17 , Winchester , Mass. , 42-30 , Norwich Free Academy , 71-12 , and Amity , 51-12 . The Knights lost their final match of the day , 57-18 , to defending champions of the George Bossi Lowell Holiday Wrestling Tournament , Mount Anthony of Vermont . The Patriots pinned the Knights eight times in the match . Shaun Wagner ( 132 ) , Austin Abacherli ( 152 ) , Paul Calo ( 160 ) , and Richie Rivera ( 220 ) all went undefeated on the day . Calo was the only Southington wrestler to land pins in each of their bouts . Jacob Cardozo ( 113 ) , Tagan Welch ( 138 ) , Julian Robles ( 195 ) , and Jimmy Starr ( 285 ) each went 4-1 . Alex Rodrigues landed the team 's fastest pin at 18 seconds into their bout against NFA . The Knights landed a total of 22 pins and collected 10 forfeits , allowing 16 pins and forfeiting the 126-pound weight class . Southington will be back in action when they travel to Farmington on Wednesday , Jan. 4 and Hall High School in West Hartford for the Greater Hartford Open on Saturday , Jan. 7 . The Knights are currently 6-1 overall .
* * Southington Winter Records * *
Regular Season :
Week 1—3-0 ( 3-0 ) .
Week 2—5-3 ( 2-3 ) .
Week 3—10-8-1 ( 5-5-1 ) .
NEC prevention : Mom 's own milk is liquid gold
Most moms have heard the saying that breast milk is best , but for premature infants it just might be a lifesaver . Breast milk is proving to be a powerful weapon against the most common intestinal disease that threatens the lives of these fragile infants . And the sooner breast milk is started the better .
Paxton Kulp surprised everyone when they arrived eleven and a half weeks before their due date . Then came another surprise . Paxton developed an intestinal disease common in premature and low birth weight infants called Necrotizing Enterocolitis or NEC for short .
“ In our research we had seen just how dire it can be for little ones and so , when it was an official diagnosis , it was very , very devastating , ” Kulp stated .
What causes NEC is unknown , but doctors do know breast milk is protective . So a team led by Dr. Michelle Feinberg launched a NEC prevention initiative at their neo-natal intensive care unit . The three key parts : early use of breast milk , the addition of probiotics and this state of the art prep room where specially trained techs process and prepare breast milk for each baby .
“ They bring those prepared feedings back to the room to again store in the milk fridge for the nurses to then administer to the babies around the clock , ” explained Michelle Feinberg , MD , Neonatologist , Saint Joseph Hospital .
By 2013 , the hospital 's incidence of NEC dropped from the national average of four percent to less than half of a percent … and has stayed there . The Kulps were lucky ; Paxton 's case was mild . He 's fully recovered , healthy and happy .
Dr. Feinberg says commercial infant formula is to be avoided when feeding fragile , premature infants . If a mom does n't produce enough breast milk to feed their premature baby , it is supplemented with donor breast milk from approved volunteer donors who participate in a donor breast milk program .
Contributors to this news report include : Field Producer , Irene Maher ; Joe Mahoney , Videographer ; Cyndy McGrath , Supervising Producer ; Gabriella Battistiol , Assistant Producer ; Roque Correa , Editor .
Author : Ivanhoe Newswire
TORONTO , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Canada 's main stock index slumped to a four-month low on Friday , with resource and marijuana shares leading broad based declines as higher bond yields pressured global equity markets .
The Toronto Stock Exchange 's S & P/TSX composite index unofficially closed down 254.89 points , or 1.61 percent , at 15,606.03 , its biggest drop since May . All of the index 's 10 main groups ended lower . ( Reporting by Fergal Smith ; Editing by James Dalgleish )
Along with the holy grail of tighter overall security , the benefits of electronic access control systems include a better handle on who 's coming and going , the ability to restrict access to certain times and places depending on a person 's function in the organization , the ability to remotely control access , the extra assurance a company or organization can give its customers , and the lack of need for rekeying doors or replacing lost keys .
A A A
Stocks slide as investors seek safety after weak sales data
By MARLEY JAY
Specialist Meric Greenbaum works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher . ( AP Photo/Richard Drew ) Specialist Meric Greenbaum works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher . ( AP Photo/Richard Drew ) Trader Frank O'Connell works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher . ( AP Photo/Richard Drew ) Trader John Panin works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher . ( AP Photo/Richard Drew ) Trader Michael Milano , right , works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher . ( AP Photo/Richard Drew ) Trader Andrew Silverman , right , works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . A weak report on retail sales sent bond yields lower and high-dividend stocks like utilities and real estate companies higher . ( AP Photo/Richard Drew ) . . 1 of 5 . . More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
NEW YORK ( AP ) — U.S. stocks are mostly lower Wednesday as energy companies tumble along with oil prices and investors look for safety following a drop in retail sales last month . It was the first decline in more than a year , and investors are buying government bonds and high-dividend stocks . The Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates later in the day .
KEEPING SCORE : The Standard & Poor 's 500 index dipped 1 point , or 0.1 percent , to 2,438 as of 1:30 p.m. Eastern time . The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 17 points , or 0.1 percent , to 21,345 . The Nasdaq composite added 2 points to 6,222 .
Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market . The Russell 2000 index sank 10 points , or 0.7 percent , to 1,416 . That suggests investors are worried about the economy , which could have an outsize effect on smaller , domestically-focused companies .
More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange . The S & P 500 , Dow and Russell all closed at record highs Tuesday . The Nasdaq is n't far from the record it set last week , but it was hit particularly hard by the steep sell-off in technology companies Friday and Monday .
RETAIL SALES : The Commerce Department said people spent less money at gas stations , department stores and electronics retailers last month . The result was a surprise to analysts , who expected sales to grow . Video game seller GameStop gave up 63 cents , or 2.9 percent , to $ 21.35 and department store chain Kohl 's dropped 87 cents , or 2.3 percent , to $ 37.17 . Foot Locker declined $ 1.10 , or 2 percent , to $ 54 .
Elsewhere , the Labor Department said consumer prices slipped , mostly thanks to lower energy prices . That showed how little inflation there has been in the economy , a continued concern for Federal Reserve policymakers .
REACTION : Bond prices jumped and yields fell to their lowest level since November . Concerned about weak growth , investors bought bonds and high-yield stocks . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.12 percent from 2.21 percent . Utilities and household goods makers climbed .
Cereal maker General Mills rose 74 cents , or 1.3 percent , to $ 58.91 and PepsiCo advanced $ 1.52 , or 1.3 percent , to $ 117.84 . NextEra Energy , the parent of Florida Power & Light , jumped $ 1.42 , or 1 percent , to $ 141.37 and American Water Works rose 93 cents , or 1.2 percent , to $ 81.11 .
Banks fell . The drop in bond yields sent interest rates lower , which reduces the profits banks can make from mortgages and other loans . Citizens Financial dropped 98 cents , or 2.7 percent , to $ 35.90 and Lincoln National lost $ 1.49 , or 2.3 percent , to $ 67.06 .
COMMODITIES : Oil futures plunged after the U.S. government gave its weekly update on fuel stockpiles . The Energy Information Administration said oil supplies shrank slightly and gasoline stockpiles grew last week . Benchmark U.S. crude fell $ 1.67 , or 3.6 percent , to $ 44.80 a barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , shed $ 1.66 , or 3.4 percent , to $ 47.06 a barrel in London .
Exxon Mobil lost $ 1.09 , or 1.3 percent , to $ 81.87 and Halliburton sank $ 1.37 , or 3 percent , to $ 44.47 .
FED WATCH : The Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates Wednesday afternoon . That would be the third increase since December . But Wall Street is attuned to signs of weaker economic growth , and the combination of sluggish growth and high interest rates , which slow the economy down , may have worried investors .
CURRENCY : The dollar slid to 109.18 yen from 109.96 yen . The euro jumped to $ 1.1267 from $ 1.1212 .
THE REAL WORLD : Real estate investment trusts also traded higher . That was partly because investors bought them for their hefty dividend payments and partly because they were hoping for deals . Reuters reported Wednesday that Brookdale Senior Living could be acquired by Zhongzhong Zhuoe Group . Brookdale , which is not itself a real estate investment trust , jumped $ 1.12 , or 8 percent , to $ 15.19 .
Senior housing and health care REIT Welltower gained 42 cents to $ 74.56 and senior housing REIT Ventas picked up 62 cents to $ 68.88 . Among other real estate companies , wireless communication tower company Crown Castle International gained 69 cents to $ 101.87 .
BLOCK PARTY : Tax preparer H & R Block posted a bigger profit than analysts expected as well as slightly stronger sales . Its shares climbed $ 2.45 , or 9.1 percent , to $ 29.44 .
JOB POSTING : Biotech drugmaker Biogen fell and competitor Alexion Pharmaceuticals rose after the companies said Biogen Chief Financial Officer Paul Clancy will become Alexion 's CFO at the end of July . Analysts said Wall Street has a great deal of respect for Clancy , who has been Biogen 's CFO for 10 years .
Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley said some investors may be worried that Clancy 's departure is a warning sign about an Alzheimer 's disease drug Biogen is developing , but Harrison said there is no connection .
Biogen gave up $ 7.49 , or 2.9 percent , to $ 253.93 and Alexion jumped $ 8.75 , or 8.1 percent , to $ 116.75 .
OVERSEAS : Germany 's DAX advanced 0.3 percent and the CAC-40 in France lost 0.4 percent . The British FTSE 100 fell 0.3 percent . Tokyo 's Nikkei 225 retreated 0.1 percent and the Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong advanced 0.1 percent . In South Korea the Kospi retreated 0.1 percent .
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MarleyJayAP Their work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/marley % 20jay
I love my kids dearly and I 'd do anything for them . So when they ask for the latest and greatest toys , I usually give in and buy them . But when spring cleaning comes around and I am forced to prepare multiple bags of barely used toys for donation , I realize just how much junk my kids accumulate and how much I 'm to blame for giving in to their every whim . Does my kid have too many toys ? Obviously , but what 's the limit and how can you tell ? If you have mounds of toys laying around the house , you might want to know how to tell if your kid has too much junk to play with , too .
There are a few factors that could hint that you 've overloaded your home with toys . If your child gets bored easily , asks for new toys regularly , expects you to promptly replace broken toys , or does n't play with one toy for more than 15 minutes , it may mean that they have way too many toys , explained teacher turned play therapist Becky Mansfield . On their blog , Your Modern Family , Mansfield noted that having too many toys can be overwhelming for kids , so it might be beneficial to scale back when you can .
Along with costing you an arm and a leg , it turns out that having too many toys may actually negatively impact a child . In a recent study published in Infant Behavior & Development , researchers concluded that when children have fewer toys around them , their playtime tends to be healthier and happier . The study also suggested that fewer toys in a child 's environment can lead to more focused and creative playtime behaviors .
For the study , researchers observed 36 toddlers , ages 18 to 30 months , and placed them in separate playrooms for 30 minutes each . One playroom had four toys in it , while the second had 16 toys . Researchers found that when the children were in the room with more toys , they tended to have shorter attention spans and less focused than the group with fewer toys . The playroom with only four toys produced kids that were more actively engaged for longer periods of time and played more creatively than the other group .
In a report by Psychology Today , social psychologist Susan Newman , Ph.D , explained that parents need to ask themselves whether or not their child really needs the new toy they are asking for , and gauge whether or not the child will play with it or just toss it away . They suggested that parents invest in activities with their children , rather than material things , because they can provide an opportunity to create a bond , tradition , and memory that kids can look back on and cherish when they are older .
When I was a kid , it felt like my parents kept a reign on how often I could get new toys . A shopping trip to Toys “ R ” Us was a privilege and a reward , and this approach led me to treasure and appreciate every new toy I got . Now that I have kids , I 've found that my parenting style is completely different from that of my parents and I tend to buy my kids almost everything they want because I enjoy seeing them smiling and happy . But I do notice occasionally that despite having tremendously kind hearts , sometimes my kids view getting things they want as a right , rather than a privilege . This attitude is what sets off alarm bells in my head , telling me that I may need to reign in my own overly-generous behaviors .
Everyone 's parenting style is different , so no one can tell you what 's right for your family . Whether your kids have too many toys or too little , what matters is that you provide your child with love , nurturing , and quality time , while teaching them how to be kind , helpful , and respectful human beings . ( And maybe how to clean up their playroom . )
Check out Romper 's new video series , Bearing The Motherload , where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support ( and not judge ) each other 's parenting perspectives . New episodes air Mondays on Facebook .
WASHINGTON : US consumer confidence rebounded in April , recovering some of the decline in the prior month as Americans were more upbeat about the near term , according to a monthly survey released on Tuesday ( Apr 24 ) .
But some of the results were more mixed and sentiment is well below the record level hit in February , according to a report from The Conference Board .
The consumer confidence index rose 1.7 points to 128.7 compared to March , as sentiment about the present situation and expectations both increased .
Lynn Franco , director of Economic Indicators at The Conference Board , said the survey showed `` consumers rating both business and labour market conditions quite favorably . ''
The percentage of consumers expecting their incomes to decline over the coming months reached its lowest level since December 2000 at 6.0 per cent , they said .
`` Overall , confidence levels remain strong and suggest that the economy will continue expanding at a solid pace in the months ahead . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
Consumers were moderately more positive about the short-term outlook in April . The percentage anticipating business conditions will improve over the next six months increased , while those expecting business conditions will worsen decreased .
The outlook for the labour market also was more positive , as a larger share of consumers expect more jobs to be available in the months ahead .
However , there were mixed signals about the present situation as fewer labeled conditions as good , but the share saying conditions were bad also fell .
Sentiment about current labour conditions also were mixed , as the percentage of consumers claiming jobs are `` plentiful '' declined , while those claiming jobs are `` hard to get '' also declined slightly .
Middle school students used theater to get equipped to handle some of the tough situations they could encounter when they return to school in the fall .
Climb Theatre put on special performances about anti-bullying and dealing with cliques and exclusion for incoming sixth graders Wednesday morning at Willow Creek Middle School and John Adams Middle School .
The performances are interactive and allow the students to participate in scenario skits .
On Wednesday afternoon , other middle school students joined the incoming sixth grade class to record some anti-bullying service announcements .
Eighth grade students Sarah Strauss and Alicia Fogarty invited the theater group to perform as a way to earn their silver award for Girl Scouts , the second highest award in girl scouting .
An RCMP Corporal is suing their employer , alleging their supervisor treated them in ways that were sexist and constituted harassment .
In B.C . Supreme Court documents , Jill Swann says she 's served in the force for 20 years with most of them being under the leadership of Corporal Roger Collin .
Swann was stationed in Courtney between 2006 and 2016 and alleges they were tormented by their supervisor , including an instance where they gave them a package of condoms as a gift after giving birth to their youngest son .
Swann claims Collin also called their numerous names .
READ MORE : Landmark deal in RCMP sexual harassment class action wins court approval
In one instance , they allege they were called ‘ meth face ' after they underwent facial surgery .
They say other times they were referred to as “ Jill Mousseau , ” their husband 's surname .
The lawsuit also names the Federal and Provincial Attorneys General , the Minister of Justice , and several high ranking officers .
The RCMP has not responded to CKNW 's request for comment .
None of these claims has been proven in court .
JERUSALEM – Palestinian officials say a 19-year-old has been killed in clashes with the Israeli military in the West Bank .
The health ministry says Ahmad Abu-Obeid was shot in the head Saturday during a stone-throwing confrontation near the northern West Bank town of Jenin . The Red Crescent says five other protesters were injured by rubber-coated bullets in the same incident .
The Israeli military had no immediate comment about the casualty , but said it was looking into reports of the injuries .
READ MORE : Israel indicts teenage Palestinian girl accused of punching soldier in the face
The military has been conducting arrests raids in the Jenin area in search of the killer of a West Bank settler earlier this month .
Israel had vowed to track down the killers of Rabbi Raziel Shevah , 35 , who was shot multiple times from a passing vehicle as they drove .
Brad Blackburn with Blackburn Financial in Cashmere joins Chris Hansen to talk about a slow down in the national economy following the post-presidential election bump , potential impacts – positive or negative – from other political happenings , like the failure of the American Health Care Act , rises in bond rates , China 's economy and more .
- Advertisement -
Assistant Welfare Officer of the Nigerian Union , South Africa , Mr. Peter Ananaba , on Monday , urged Abia indigenes to suggest programmes and ideas that would move the state forward .
Ananaba said in Mafikene , North West Province of South Africa , that the state needed such useful guide to assist government plan and implement programmes .
“ Abia State needs our ideas and suggestions now . We can offer constructive criticism in the process , but , I think it is better to see our state doing well , ” they said .
Ananaba , who is also the vice Chairman of the North-West Province chapter of the union , said that the state was blessed with human and material resources that could take it to greater heights .
- Advertisement -
They called on Gov . Okezie Ikpeazu to harness these potentials , irrespective of party affiliation to achieve set goals and objectives of their administration .
“ Abia State needs roads , electricity , hospitals , and other infrastructure . Our people living abroad enjoy these facilities . I appeal to the government to carry everybody along , especially the opposition in the task of providing these facilities , ” they said .
Ananaba said that the people would be the beneficiaries in the long run when government partnered and utilised available resources to develop the state .
Fifty games .
That 's all it took for the Vegas Golden Knights to make NHL history .
With a victory over the Jets Thursday night , Vegas surpassed the 1993-94 Panthers and '93-'94 Mighty Ducks in the expansion-team win column . Just 50 games in , they are the winningest first-year club ever .
It 's a truly incredible feat — unbelievable , really — and certainly worthy of further inspection .
Here are 34 things you need to know about the 34-win Golden Knights .
( All statistics current through Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 )
1 . Only the Lightning ( +51 ) and Bruins ( +40 ) have a better goal differential than the Knights ' +40 . For context , the bottom three are the Senators ( -42 ) , Sabres ( -53 ) and Coyotes ( -57 ) .
2 . Vegas ' season separated into five 10-game segments : 8-2 , 5-5 , 6-4 , 9-1 , 6-4 . No big lulls .
3 . Coach Gerard Gallant 's squad has split the difference in the shootout , winning two of four skills competitions . In overtime , they are an impressive 7-2 .
4 . On Tuesday , the Knights scored two goals in 10 seconds late in the third period . They had been down 2-1 , grabbed the lead and added an empty netter . Ho-hum , just another win , 4-2 over a talented Flames squad .
5 . The Knights are 19-3-2 at T-Mobile Arena , easily the NHL 's best on home ice . Clearly , this team knows how to best utilize last change and the Vegas flu , like Father Time , is undefeated .
6 . How 's the atmosphere ? “ It 's not a regular rink . It 's like an unbelievable show , ” Capitals superstar Alex Ovechkin remarked during all-star weekend . “ You get excited . It 's like you 're in a nightclub . It 's like a party . Everybody dances … it 's like , are we in a hockey game or is this a pool party out there ? ”
7 . Owner Bill Foley must be pleased , as 430,098 people have moved past the turnstiles through 24 home games . With an average of 17,920 and a capacity for 17,800 , Vegas is one of 14 NHL teams to produce a sellout ( or better ) every home game .
8 . Perhaps unsurprisingly given their relative smallness ( team average size : 6-foot-1 , 200 pounds ) and willingness to play an up-tempo brand of hockey , Vegas has amassed only 960 hits through 50 games to rank 26th in the league .
9 . A fact that makes you go “ hmm ” : Vegas is one of five NHL teams without a misconduct penalty so far this season . Overall , they average 6.9 penalty minutes per game , the second-lowest in the NHL .
10 . Every everyday player has a goal . Call-up Stefan Matteau ( five games played ) and buried veteran Jason Garrison ( seven games ) are goalless but both have scooped up a single assist . That leaves Ryan Carpenter , acquired from the Sharks in a mid-December trade and a common healthy scratch , as the only pointless skater in Knights history .
11 . William Karlsson , they of a team-leading 27 goals , has a comically high shooting percentage right now . In their two other full NHL seasons , both with the Blue Jackets , they had reasonable 8.3 % and 6.3 % rates . So far in Sin City threads , ‘ Wild Bill ' is scoring on a whopping 25.5 % of theirs shots .
12 . Take James Neal out of an obvious Stanley Cup-contending outfit and they do n't miss a beat . The former Predators sniper has 22 goals and 35 points in 50 games , one goal and six points off their total in 70 games last season .
13 . Nate Schmidt , the 26-year-old rearguard whom the Knights plucked from the Capitals in the expansion draft , has seen their workload increase significantly . Last year , they skated for an average of 15:29 per game . This year , he 's up to a team-leading 22:32 a night .
14 . The Knights have scored 3.38 goals per game , trailing only Tampa Bay in offence . A breakdown of their 169 goals : 109 at 5-on-5 , 30 at 5-on-4 , three at 4-on-4 , seven at 3-on-3 , four at 4-on-5 , 11 at 5-on-6 , four at 6-on-5 and one penalty shot .
15 . Think , given the Knights ' success , the 30 other NHL teams have complained about the expansion draft ? Nope . “ We have n't gotten any negative pushback , ” NHL commissioner Gary Bettman said over the weekend . “ I think most clubs are marveling at what 's been accomplished . ”
16 . The chip-on-the-shoulder attitude is a tired sports narrative . In Vegas ' case , however , it 's impossible to ignore . To varying degrees , the bulk of the roster had a team give up on them . “ You get a pro athlete the motivation and give them 25 other friends in the same boat , from teams that did n't want them … that 's a scary group , ” Tyler Seguin of the Dallas Stars recently noted .
17 . David Clarkson and Mikhail Grabovski , forwards earning $ 5.25 million US and $ 5M , respectively , have been on the long-term injured reserve the entire season . Goalie Marc-Andre Fleury is the only Knight making more moola .
18 . Former Islander Grabovski 's contract comes off the books this summer . Ex-Blue Jacket Clarkson ? Their deal does n't expire until the summer of 2020 .
19 . The curious case of Vadim Shipachyov is a rare negative Vegas hockey story . The 30-year-old returned to their native Russia in November , just three NHL games into a two-year , $ 9 million US contract . They failed to report to the AHL , was suspended , then “ voluntarily retired ” from the NHL . Shipachyov felt misled by the Knights brass , noting upon their return to Europe that “ Russian players should think 10 times before leaving for abroad . It 's different from what the clubs and agents tell you . ”
20 . Draft grids for contending teams can often look bare . The Knights are n't one of those teams , owning seven picks in this summer 's NHL draft , 12 in 2019 and nine and 2020 . Talk about the best of both worlds .
21 . General manager George McPhee deserves a jackpot of credit . Not only did they successfully wheel and deal in the leadup to the expansion draft but they also selected useful players in the draft itself . Case in point : Former Bruins blue-liner Colin Miller , a puck possession beast so far in Vegas .
22 . Since November , McPhee has re-signed forward Jonathan Marchessault ( 6 years , $ 30 million US ) , as well as defencemen Brayden McNabb ( 4 years , $ 10M ) , Deryk Engelland ( 1 year , $ 1.5M ) and Jon Merrill ( 2 years , $ 2.75M ) . Ca n't really complain about any of those deals .
23 . The trade deadline , set for Feb. 26 , is about three weeks away . It 's safe to say the Knights wo n't be sellers . Will they go all-in as buyers and move futures ? McPhee is n't tipping their hand . “ It 's hard to answer now because that 's a month away . There 's a long way to go between now and then , ” McPhee told the Associated Press last week . “ At this point , we 'll try to stay in it . I do n't know whether we would add . I do n't have the answer to that question . ”
24 . Marchessault , perhaps the NHL 's most underrated player , is on pace for a second straight 30-goal season . They had 30 in 75 games last year with the Panthers , yet somehow landed in Vegas .
25 . Marchessault 's line , with Reilly Smith and William Karlsson , has been utterly dominant through almost 500 even-strength minutes this season . According to Corsica.Hockey , they have owned 56 % of the shot attempts and 66 % of the goals . Legitimately a top-five line in the NHL .
26 . The Knights , as a whole , are in the black in a number of important 5-on-5 categories . They 're 10th in shot attempts share ( 51 % ) , sixth in scoring chances share ( 52 % ) and sixth in goals share ( 54 % ) , according to NaturalStatTrick.com .
27 . By Game 10 of their existence , Maxime Lagace , the fourth-stringer , was handed the keys . Lagace , who falls behind Fleury , Malcolm Subban and Oscar Dansk on the goalie depth chart , stopped 24 of 30 shots in a 6-3 loss to the Islanders on Oct. 30 . They played 10 more games before being sent to AHL Chicago .
28 . The Knights have some work to do if they want to make history at a local level . The Las Vegas Wranglers , who played in the ECHL from 2003 to 2014 , was a juggernaut when current Flames coach Glen Gulutzan patrolled the bench . The Gulutzan Wranglers had seasons of 53 , 47 , 46 , 43 , 34 and 31 wins .
29 . Even the Knights ' mascot , Chance the Gila monster , is thriving . The Hockey News recently ranked NHL mascots and slotted Chance in at No . 12 out of 29 .
30 . As for special teams , Gallant 's crew has a weakness and a strength : 18th on the power play , running at 19.5 % , and seventh on the penalty kill , running at 82.9 % .
31 . Gallant insists their upstart club is n't taking anything for granted . “ I do n't worry about having the best record in the NHL , ” they said last week . “ I worry about the next game and controlling what we can control . If we keep winning games , the standings will take care of themselves . ”
32 . While Gallant is the obvious choice for the Jack Adams Award , Fleury may get the short end of the stick in Vezina Trophy voting . They trail only the Blues ' Carter Hutton in save percentage ( .945 vs. .942 ) but , thanks to a concussion , has appeared in just 20 of Vegas ' first 50 games . Most likely not enough to warrant consideration .
33 . Online gambling company Bodog 's season-opening Stanley Cup odds listed Vegas at the bottom of its table . Its Jan. 29 edition showed Vegas and Tampa Bay atop the table . From worst to first .
34 . The asupervisorstioned 33 things occurred in the days , weeks and months following the awful Oct. 1 , 2017 , mass shooting that left 58 people dead on the Vegas strip . Vegas Strong , indeed .
PARIS : Chinese smartphone maker Huawei managed to gain ground on Samsung and Apple in terms of market share last year , following the problems encountered by the two sector giants , the Gartner consultancy group said on Wednesday ( Feb 15 ) .
Over the year as a whole , the Chinese maker saw its sales leap by 26.7 per cent , while the South Korean and US rivals both saw their sales decline by 4.3 per cent , Gartner said in a study .
As result , Huawei was able to increase its share of the smartphone sector to 8.9 per cent in 2016 from 7.3 per cent a year earlier , while Samsung saw its market share shrink by two full percentage points to 20.5 per cent and Apple 's contracted to 14.4 per cent from 15.9 per cent .
`` Chinese makers succeeded in winning market share over last year and Huawei now seems to be the main rival to the two giants , even if the gap remains large , '' Gartner analyst Annette Zimmermann told AFP .
Among the other Chinese smartphone makers are OPPO , BBK Communication Equipment ( with its One Plus and Vivo brands ) , ZTE , Xiaomi and Lenovo .
`` We 're seeing a very real progression compared with earlier years , when the number three maker and the others had struggled to hold on to a market share of more than 4 per cent , '' Zimmermann said .
`` Huawei looks likely to strengthen its position again this year , '' they added .
In the fourth quarter of 2016 alone , the launch of the iPhone 7 and Samsung 's difficulties with its Note 7 model enabled Apple to take top slot in the market with a share of 17.9 per cent or 77 million units sold .
Samsung sold 76.8 million smartphones in the October-December period , giving it a market share of 17.8 per cent , while Huawei sold 40.8 million phones or a market share of 9.5 per cent .
`` Preliminary data for the current quarter suggest that Samsung will overtake Apple again . But it 's remarkable that Apple can hold on to that sort of share of the market with a closed eco-system , '' the analyst said .
With regard to the different operating systems , Android , which is used by the large majority of smartphone makers , commands a market share of 81.7 per cent , while Apple 's iOS operating system of its iPhones and iPads accounts for 17.9 per cent of the market .
Archives
Archives Select Month October 2017 ( 275 ) September 2017 ( 1228 ) August 2017 ( 1312 ) July 2017 ( 1478 ) June 2017 ( 1354 ) May 2017 ( 1398 ) April 2017 ( 1399 ) March 2017 ( 1299 ) February 2017 ( 1257 ) January 2017 ( 1351 ) December 2016 ( 1291 ) November 2016 ( 1306 ) October 2016 ( 1305 ) September 2016 ( 1288 ) August 2016 ( 1309 ) July 2016 ( 1412 ) June 2016 ( 1339 ) May 2016 ( 1296 ) April 2016 ( 1344 ) March 2016 ( 1281 ) February 2016 ( 1248 ) January 2016 ( 1334 ) December 2015 ( 1209 ) November 2015 ( 1229 ) October 2015 ( 1428 ) September 2015 ( 1159 ) August 2015 ( 1502 ) July 2015 ( 1467 ) June 2015 ( 1336 ) May 2015 ( 1371 ) April 2015 ( 1406 ) March 2015 ( 1364 ) February 2015 ( 1223 ) January 2015 ( 1379 ) December 2014 ( 1021 ) November 2014 ( 1173 ) October 2014 ( 1527 ) September 2014 ( 1407 ) August 2014 ( 1119 ) July 2014 ( 1175 ) June 2014 ( 706 ) May 2014 ( 1010 ) April 2014 ( 1064 ) March 2014 ( 1215 ) February 2014 ( 883 ) January 2014 ( 890 ) December 2013 ( 826 ) November 2013 ( 935 ) October 2013 ( 980 ) September 2013 ( 863 ) August 2013 ( 1031 ) July 2013 ( 942 ) June 2013 ( 911 ) May 2013 ( 898 ) April 2013 ( 893 ) March 2013 ( 889 ) February 2013 ( 792 ) January 2013 ( 986 ) December 2012 ( 916 ) November 2012 ( 1063 ) October 2012 ( 1123 ) September 2012 ( 973 ) August 2012 ( 1101 ) July 2012 ( 1138 ) June 2012 ( 1080 ) May 2012 ( 1215 ) April 2012 ( 1297 ) March 2012 ( 1200 ) February 2012 ( 1087 ) January 2012 ( 1178 ) December 2011 ( 1024 ) November 2011 ( 1180 ) October 2011 ( 1086 ) September 2011 ( 1025 ) August 2011 ( 1173 ) July 2011 ( 1165 ) June 2011 ( 1092 ) May 2011 ( 1213 ) April 2011 ( 1192 ) March 2011 ( 1084 ) February 2011 ( 945 ) January 2011 ( 1172 ) December 2010 ( 1126 ) November 2010 ( 1036 ) October 2010 ( 1342 ) September 2010 ( 1123 ) August 2010 ( 1246 ) July 2010 ( 1246 ) June 2010 ( 1104 ) May 2010 ( 1213 ) April 2010 ( 1123 ) March 2010 ( 545 )
Governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2016 governorship election in Edo State , Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu , has told party supporters that the recounting of ballot papers as ordered by the tribunal showed that they defected Governor Godwin Obaseki .
Pastor Ize-Iyamu who assured party supporters that the PDP would bounce back to power in 2019 urged the party leaders to get more youths and women involved in party politics .
Ize-Iyamu who spoke at a town hall meeting with PDP leaders in Ovia South West local government said there were huge differences in the figures written in the INEC result sheet and the votes from the ballot papers .
They said they were satisfied that the ballot recount exposed the rigging of the governorship polls .
Pastor Ize-Iyamu urged the PDP supporters to mobilize more members saying next year 's Presidential election would change the political dynamics in Edo .
Ize-Iyamu said several members of the APC have contacted them that they want to defect to the PDP .
Their words , “ The ballot recount showed that we won despite their having all the agencies to support them .
“ We must all be prepared . The next election is too important for us . If you give APC 50 years , they will still be talking about the PDP . Since they do n't have solution to the problems , let us bring back PDP . ”
Sarajevo is hoping to host a Formula E race next year after a proposal by the Bosnian capital 's mayor was backed unanimously by the city council on Wednesday .
SARAJEVO : Sarajevo is hoping to host a Formula E race next year after a proposal by the Bosnian capital 's mayor was backed unanimously by the city council on Wednesday .
The council now needs to approve 100,000 euros ( 87,722 pounds ) of funding for a feasibility study with organisers of the all-electric city-based series .
Advertisement
There was no immediate comment from Formula E .
Formula E has already announced that the opening round of the 2018-19 season will be held in the Saudi Arabian city of Riyadh , and is in discussions with a number of undisclosed locations .
A full calendar is due to be published in June .
Mayor Abdulah Skaka said bringing a race to Sarajevo , whose plight became synonymous with a 44-month siege by Bosnian Serb forces during the Bosnian war in the 1990s , would boost tourism and the economy .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nearly 500,000 international and local visitors came to the Sarajevo region last year , up 22 percent from 2016 , according to city authorities .
Despite boasting some of the largest green areas in the region , Sarajevo lies in a valley surrounded by high mountains and is notoriously prone to fog .
Heavy traffic , poor spatial planning and solid-fuel based heating are mostly to blame for the poor air quality .
( Reporting by Maja Zuvela : Editing by Daria Sito-Sucic and Alan Baldwin )
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
3 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
In an industrial park on the edge of Shanghai , a dozen Chinese teenagers are taking a break from battling digital armies to focus on their yoga .
WUHU , China/SHANGHAI : In an industrial park on the edge of Shanghai , a dozen Chinese teenagers are taking a break from battling digital armies to focus on their yoga .
They are members of EDG , one of China 's top electronic sports teams , who spend six days a week in a military-style training compound to become world beaters in video games .
EDG 's players - when not doing yoga to stay limber - spend most of their time at the camp wielding virtual weaponry playing multi-player battle games like `` League of Legends '' or Tencent Holdings Ltd 's popular `` Honour of Kings '' .
The team 's top players can rake in up to 30 million yuan ( US $ 4.54 million ) a year each from tournament prize money , commercial endorsements and payments from avid fans who spend hours watching them play online .
China 's craze for e-sports is being propelled by the country 's booming video game market , the world 's largest and one that is expected to register US $ 27.5 billion in sales this year , according to the gaming consultancy Newzoo .
Game developers like Tencent and NetEase Inc , and others like Alibaba Group Holding Ltd , are competing to market video games , fill stadiums with fans and sell broadcast rights to the matches .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` We have found the fastest-growing and biggest demand is in e-sports , and we are following that trend , '' said Wang Guan , general manager of e-sports at Alisports , an Alibaba subsidiary .
Cities around the country are looking to cash in on the market 's fast growth with video game theme-parks and e-sports venues . Some universities are even rolling out gaming degrees .
Alisports , which organises the World Electronic Sports Games , successfully lobbied the Olympic Council of Asia to include e-sports at the 2022 Asian Games in Hangzhou .
The extent of the e-gaming boom was on display in Beijing in November at the world final of League of Legends , with a prize of over US $ 4 million at stake .
A crowd of more than 40,000 people packed into the city 's Olympic Bird 's Nest stadium to watch the South Korean gaming stars Faker and CuVee go head to head .
The raucous crowd , a bigger turnout than most local soccer games , underlined how popular gaming as a hobby and spectator sport has become in China .
Jiang Ping , 17 , a university student in Beijing , paid 4,000 yuan to watch the final with their aunt . They were lucky : tickets sold on the grey market reportedly rose to more than 20 times the original price due to high demand .
`` When I started playing this game five years ago , there were n't that many people , '' Jiang said . `` Now the numbers are huge , and even the game itself is now owned by a Chinese firm , Tencent . ''
Tencent owns the League of Legends developer Riot Games .
TENCENT OR DIE
The city of Wuhu , a backwater three hours away from Shanghai , is a symbol of China 's gaming potential - as well as its risks .
Many local governments have been seeking to develop more specialised industries , and Wuhu has targeted e-sports . In May , the city signed a deal with Tencent to build an e-sports university and a stadium for events . Other cities , like Zhongxian in the municipality of Chongqing , are also building facilities to profit from the e-sports boom .
Some industry participants , however , are already worried about a bubble forming , and rising debt levels as local governments jump into e-sports investment .
`` Maybe some of the developers do n't have pure intentions , they are just using e-sports as an excuse to get land at a cheap price from local government , '' said Tao Junyin , marketing director of VSPN , a leading e-sports content company .
Han Li , manager of Wuhu 's e-sports association , said the city had discussed ideas including an e-sports-themed hotpot restaurant , bar and cinema , in addition to the gaming school and arena .
Ultimately , though , China 's gaming giants are the ones calling the shots , they said .
`` Tencent has a controlling power in the whole industry , so we have to find a way to work with Tencent . You either die or you go Tencent , '' they said .
Tencent declined to comment .
SOCIALIST VALUES
Local gamers also face tougher regulation than peers in the United States , South Korea or Japan , with a recent government push to emphasize `` core socialist values '' in entertainment products including songs , online streaming and video games .
This year , Tencent limited the time children could play its popular Honour of Kings game after coming under fire over gaming addiction . In November it said it would bring the top-selling game `` Playerunknown 's Battleground '' to China , but would tweak the game to fit with `` socialist core values '' .
Tencent 's main local rival , NetEase , has already embedded banners with patriotic slogans into one of its popular battlefield games to head off official criticism .
`` In China , you have to follow the government 's decree , '' said Tao of VSPN . `` But you can always make moderations to the games so that it will pass the censor . ''
Nonetheless , China 's youth seem enthralled , prompting some universities to start offering e-sports degrees , from professional gaming to e-sports commentating and graphic design .
Liu Xuefeng , a first-year student from Anhui province , applied for a gaming degree program in the western city of Chengdu - despite facing push-back from their concerned parents .
`` I am very interested in this program , and they could n't stop me , so they had to cave in the end , '' they said , adding that they wanted to be an e-sports commentator . `` There is great potential in the development of the gaming business . ''
The allure of becoming the next big gaming star is already sparking fierce competition to get into the market , said David Ng , head of Super Generation Investment , which owns the EDG e-sports team .
`` Sometimes we will have a thousand application letters in our mailbox to join our team on a single day . ''
( US $ 1 = 6.6132 Chinese yuan renminbi )
( Reporting by Pei Li and Adam Jourdan ; Additional reporting by Thomas Suen ; Editing by Philip McClellan )
Canada has been well served by NAFTA . It facilitated robust , sustained economic growth and it transformed the manufacturing sector , more than just about any other . By allowing companies to rationalize production across the region , NAFTA helped create much more competitive , profitable and global industries . As the country moves to sign more free-trade agreements ( FTAs ) , we should step back and consider some underlying truths about our ability to capitalize on them .
Without doubt , NAFTA has been an unqualified success for all three partners , our citizens and our businesses , which makes securing a modernized , strengthened agreement critical . In fact , it should be the top priority for the federal government , given the short- and long-term economic implications .
However , if the current NAFTA renegotiations , and the uncertainty that surrounds them , point out anything , it is that Canada does not export enough to markets outside North America and that we need a stronger , more globally competitive and active manufacturing sector .
But simply signing a new trade deal with another country will not ensure our future economic prosperity . Today , Canada has 14 robust FTAs in place , including the provisional implementation of Comprehensive and Economic Trade Agreement with the European Union and the recently signed Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership with 10 Pacific Rim countries . However , outside of NAFTA , Canada 's exports with the majority of these markets have not expanded since their signing .
The incredible effort that goes into negotiating an FTA should n't be for nought . If Canada wants to grow our economy and create new jobs to expand the middle class through expanded trade , we need a plan , not just another trade agreement . This plan should consist of five critical elements .
First , we must improve the competitiveness of our domestic business environment . When manufacturers step into the global arena , much of their success has already been determined by whether Canada 's domestic environment has been conducive to helping them succeed in new markets .
Our business-tax structure is already complicated , onerous and growing less competitive given the recent U.S. tax changes . A wide range of policy , tax and regulatory regimes are contributing to a relentless increase in the cost of doing business in Canada and making our companies ' ability to compete with the EU , never mind the economies of the TPP , unnecessarily difficult . Canada needs comprehensive tax and regulatory reform to boost investment competitiveness and drive growth .
Second , we must ensure FTAs level the playing field for manufactured goods .
Managing global trade is far more than dealing with tariffs . Other barriers are emerging , including product regulations , direct export subsidies , government-procurement exemptions and currency manipulation . All of which provide an advantage to domestic industry over importers .
While recent FTAs have improved focus on these non-tariff barriers , it is critical moving forward that there are strong protections for Canadian exporters to eliminate these practices .
Third , Canada should focus FTAs on countries with natural business ties , and not because of political expedience . We need to pick our trade partners similarly to how businesses pick theirs — is there a mutually beneficial agreement that will realistically boost the economic performance of all parties ?
This should start with countries with deep historical connections and similar business cultures and legal frameworks to make it easier for small and medium-sized enterprises in particular .
Related to this is the fourth element — a focus on leveraging existing integrated supply chains .
Under NAFTA , Canada 's manufacturing economy has shifted from producing goods for this market to largely producing parts , materials and ingredients that feed larger supply chains . As such , roughly 85 per cent of Canada 's value-added exports are production parts that feed into larger finished consumer and industrial products .
Governments must make decisions based on actual industrial capacity for global supply-chain integration and expansion , not strive to create new export segments where there is no proven advantage .
Finally , we must support the global growth of small and medium enterprises to support their growth at home . Canada has many small businesses but not enough medium and large companies . More than 95 per cent of manufacturers has under 10 employees , and many do not have the internal expertise or financial ability to expand globally . Governments have excellent export-support programs , but they should be consolidated to ease access for small companies .
By working together , government and industry can create the conditions our exporters need to harness the natural , technology and human capital resources of our country and succeed abroad , beyond North America . We need a comprehensive plan that starts with a review and modernization of our business environment and creates better supports for Canadian companies looking to go global .
The ongoing renegotiations have shown our vulnerability . We have no time to wait for the outcomes to start making the structural changes we need to compete .
Dennis Darby is president and CEO of Canadian Manufacturers and Exporters .
Trust the experts when it comes to your pipes !
Saturday on Talk to the Experts , Daryl Hooke is joined in studio by Danny , Ryan and Paul from Pro-Drain Techs .
Constantly cleaning your drain and want a lasting solution ? They 'll explain their trenchless pipe , no-dig technology – the pinnacle in sewer line repairs .
Also , learn about their drain scoping service , see what lies beneath before you purchase or spend on renos !
That 's this Saturday at noon , only on 630 CHED .
Nominations were announced on Monday for the 2018 Golden Globe awards for movies and television .
LOS ANGELES : Nominations were announced on Monday for the 2018 Golden Globe awards for movies and television .
The Golden Globes , organized by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , will be presented at a gala dinner hosted by Seth Meyers in Beverly Hills , California , on Jan. 7 .
Following is a list of key film nominations .
BEST DRAMA
`` Call Me by Your Name ''
`` Dunkirk ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` The Post ''
`` The Shape of Water ''
`` Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ''
BEST COMEDY OR MUSICAL
`` The Disaster Artist ''
`` Get Out ''
`` The Greatest Showman ''
`` I , Tonya ''
`` Lady Bird ''
BEST ACTOR , DRAMA
Timothee Chalamet - `` Call Me by Your Name ''
Daniel Day-Lewis - `` Phantom Thread ''
Tom Hanks - `` The Post ''
Gary Oldman - `` Darkest Hour ''
Denzel Washington - `` Roman J. Israel , Esq .
BEST ACTRESS , DRAMA
Jessica Chastain - `` Molly 's Game ''
Sally Hawkins - `` The Shape of Water ''
Frances McDormand - `` Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ''
Meryl Streep - `` The Post ''
Michelle Williams - `` All the Money in the World ''
BEST ACTOR , COMEDY OR MUSICAL
Steve Carell - `` Battle of the Sexes ''
Ansel Elgort - `` Baby Driver ''
James Franco - `` The Disaster Artist ''
Hugh Jackman - `` The Greatest Showman ''
Daniel Kaluuya - `` Get Out ''
BEST ACTRESS , COMEDY OR MUSICAL
Judi Dench - `` Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren - `` The Leisure Seeker ''
Margot Robbie - `` I , Tonya ''
Saoirse Ronan - `` Lady Bird ''
Emma Stone - `` Battle of the Sexes ''
( Reporting by Patricia Reaney ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
Barrett Wilbert Weed , who plays Janis Ian in the Broadway musical `` Mean Girls , '' poses with Lizzy Caplan , who played Janis Ian in the 2004 film `` Mean Girls , '' backstage at the show .
Getty Images
Winterhawks centre high on wish-list
As we approach the 2017 NHL draft on June 23-24 in Chicago , The Vancouver Sun and The Province are profiling the top five candidates we believe could be selected fifth overall by the Vancouver Canucks . We started on Monday with No . 5 Cale Makar , followed by No . 4 Elias Pettersson on Tuesday and No . 3 Casey Mittelstadt on Wednesday . Today we profile No . 2 Cody Glass :
Cody Glass could have exhaled this week .
The highly-touted National Hockey League draft prospect could have been out with buddies in their native Winnipeg on any night . Especially after exhausting Draft Combine testing and 26 in-depth team interviews . But the Portland Winterhawks ' centre was at the rink working on their skating , which speaks for itself .
The only aspect missing in their dominating game are those first three strides which need to be more powerful , but that should come with time and training . However , that 's getting pretty picky because the 6-2 , 179-pound Glass plays a 200-foot game , scored 70 per cent of their 94 points ( 32-62 ) at even strength and 40 per cent of their production came in Western Hockey League road games .
It 's why the Canucks will take a hard look at Glass should the draft order not switch June 23 in Chicago and he 's available with the fifth-overall pick . To have production at the pro level , you must have a presence in 5-on-5 play .
“ He plays in all three zones — he 's a complete player , ” said Canucks general manager Jim Benning . “ And when they have the puck , they make their touches count and has a high rate of execution . He 's in the group of five or six guys who will fill our need for a playmaking centre , a guy who can make their wingers better by creating with vision and anticipation . ”
That group includes Gabriel Vilardi , if he 's not off the board , along with Elias Pettersson and Casey Mittelstadt . Other centres who may merit consideration in that spot are Martin Necas and Michael Rasmussen . However , Glass may have a leg up because of their game , drive and environment .
Former Canucks assistant coach Mike Johnston has an elite program in Portland and you do n't have to look far for comparisons of what kind of player Glass could eventually become — hello , Ryan Johansen — because of their drive and the challenges their family has faced .
Their father , Jeff , divorced in 2010 and the Canada Post letter-carrier raised Cody , 18 , and Matthew , 21 , to follow their passions and be humble and respectful . Matthew played until they were 18 before suffering a concussion and is now studying to be a doctor . Cody immersed themselves in hockey when they started skating at age three and playing a year later .
The family was living with Cody 's grandmother , who passed away in the past year .
“ We 've been through a lot and we 're a really tight-knit group and we 've gotten through everything together , ” said Cody . “ It 's something I really love about us . ”
Their father went one better .
“ My boys were pretty close to my mom , ” they said . “ Cody pretty much worked for everything they have . I was able to get them in one camp each year and they decided what they needed to work on the most . And then they would go to the outdoor rink and work on their own . They used whatever time they had to their advantage . They were dedicated . ”
So dedicated that when their older brother was playing on the outdoor rink , Cody did everything they could to keep up with guys who had more height , weight and skill .
“ He just worked harder to keep up and fit in , ” recalled Jeff .
The person means as much as the player to the Canucks and it 's why Glass is an obvious centre of attention and it 's not surprising they interviewed well at the Draft Combine .
“ I was n't worried too much going into it , ” they said . “ They 're just a bunch of really nice people and made it really easy on me . The questions were pretty generic . Describe your game and your family and that was pretty much it .
“ It 's only 20 minutes and you 're the one doing the talking . You try to show yourself the best you can and I just gave the best interview I possibly could . ”
Johnston added a penalty-killing role in December to help Glass work on all aspects of their game . It worked .
“ He quickly became our top penalty killer , which shows you what they can do , ” said the Winterhawks coach .
Glass credits Johnston for their development and the fact they probably have an edge on their peers is because of their responsibility and effectiveness in all zones .
“ He 's been a huge help , ” said Glass . “ He has given me every opportunity to succeed and I 'm really thankful for that . I was excited that they came back to Portland just because how they develop players .
“ For me , 5-on-5 is a huge thing and you obviously have to take advantage on the power play and we had a really good one . But I 'm more of a 5-on-5 player and it 's something I really enjoy . ”
Enjoy ?
Grinding it out at both ends of the ice is much tougher than piling up power-play points . It 's why Glass has tried to pattern their game after Jonathan Toews and Patrice Bergeron , and why they look at Johansen and Mark Scheifele as centres they can hopefully resemble one day .
The light went on for Glass at age 10 . At that time , they already knew they were a good player and making it to the NHL was a dream they never let go of . Scouts have noticed .
“ All of the top-end talent can produce on the power play , but your ability to make plays at speed in the middle of the ice at 5-on-5 is critical , ” said Shane Malloy , who has scouted NHL prospects for a dozen years , is author of The Art of Scouting and co-host of Hockey Prospects Radio on Sirius XM , NHL Network Radio and TSN Radio .
“ He played in arguably the toughest division in the WHL and their environment matters . Teams will look at where a player is playing and who the coaches are because that impacts him . I would not discount that fact that there is an advantage in having Mike Johnston as their coach .
“ He knows what it takes for players to play in the NHL , on and off the ice . Wait until Cody is 210 or 215 pounds and how fast they will move and how strong he 's going to be . ”
Bkuzma @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/benkuzma
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com
WASHINGTON : A compromise could be reached as soon as this week between the European Union and United States over the tariffs President Donald Trump imposed on steel and aluminium , a German official said on Monday ( Mar 19 ) .
Talks with US officials could make it `` possible to find a solution that can still avoid a decline into a heavy trade conflict , '' German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier told reporters outside the White House .
The comments offered hope of a detente after weeks of increasing multinational trade frictions .
US trading partners , industry groups , Republican lawmakers and markets have all been on tenterhooks amid fears of a global trade war since Trump this month suddenly announced steep duties of 25 per cent on steel and 10 per cent on aluminium , citing the need to protect US national security interests .
Altmaier offered no details about any possible solution but said US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross shared their optimism .
`` We had a very constructive preliminary exchange on all relevant matters in our economic relationships with an eye toward relaxing trade tensions , '' the officials said in a joint statement .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` We anticipate further discussions over the next few days . ''
The announcement comes ahead of this week 's planned visit to Washington by EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstroem , who likewise is due to meet Ross and other American officials on Tuesday and Wednesday .
After initially vowing to allow no exemptions , Washington has since said Canada and Mexico , major suppliers of the metals to US companies , will be exempt at least temporarily .
'THE EU SHOULD BE EXCLUDED '
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
European officials have already threatened to retaliate against Trump 's tariffs , and produced a list of US exports that could be targeted , including Levi 's blue jeans , Harley-Davidson motorcycles and peanut butter .
But a compromise would lessen fears of tit-for-tat trade measures that could dampen economic momentum and exacerbate inflationary pressures .
`` I am in close contact with the EU commissioner in charge , '' Altmaier said , referring to Malmstroem . `` Germany is supporting these talks . ''
They also said they were due to meet with US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer on Tuesday .
Speaking to reporters in Brussels on Monday , Malmstroem said they were willing to work constructively with Washington to reach a joint solution but reiterated that European exporters should not be subject to the new tariffs .
`` The EU should be excluded as a whole , '' they said .
Elsewhere , French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire sent a similar message in a less conciliatory tone .
Speaking on the margins of the G20 finance ministers meeting in Buenos Aires , Le Maire said they told US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin `` very frankly '' that Europe should be excluded from the tariffs .
`` To tell you the bottom line , no one would understand if the EU ... is not globally exempt from this , '' Le Maire said .
They also told Mnuchin the tariffs would harm `` your own allies , in this case your own European allies , impact on the jobs of your allies , on the businesses of your allies . ''
Europe exported US $ 6.5 billion worth of steel and US $ 1.4 billion in aluminium last year to the United States .
The Commerce Department also began accepting applications from US importers for exemptions on particular steel and aluminium products .
The department said this would help make the tariffs more targeted and reduce the likelihood of higher costs for manufacturers and retailers .
Industry representatives have continued lobbying the White House , hoping to pressure Trump into reversing course on the tariffs .
In a letter obtained on Sunday by The Wall Street Journal , trade groups said the tariffs would cause `` a chain reaction of negative consequences . ''
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump has expressed their condolences following the van attack on pedestrians in Toronto .
They made the remarks during a formal White House ceremony as they welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit .
Trump also took a moment to offer their hopes for a speedy recovery for George H.W . Bush , after the former president was hospitalized with an infection following the death of their wife Barbara .
They then raised the Toronto attack in which 10 people were killed and 15 others injured .
Trump says they want to express their deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following what they called a horrendous tragedy .
They say Americans are grieving with Canadians .
BRASILIA : The presentation of the Brazilian government 's pension reform draft has been delayed until Wednesday due to disagreements over changes to the minimum retirement age for women , a senior lawmaker said on Tuesday .
Congressman Carlos Marun , who heads the lower house committee where the report will be initially voted , told reporters that the government and lawmakers continues to discuss whether to lower the retirement age for women to 62 or 63 years among changes aimed at securing passage of the unpopular fiscal savings bill .
( Reporting by Ueslei Marcelino ; Writing by Alonso Soto )
DENVER ( AP ) — Taylor Swift won $ 1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped them during a pre-concert photo op four years ago .
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits , jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing their backside during a backstage meet-and-greet . The six-woman , two-man jury also found that Swift 's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller 's bosses .
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler , Frank Bell , seeking up to $ 3 million for their ruined career .
Just before closing arguments , the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller 's lawsuit , saying they had failed to prove that they sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted them U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect .
The singer-songwriter said in their countersuit that they wanted a symbolic $ 1 and the chance to stand up for other women .
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to their mother and others on their team , but that they never sought any specific action regarding Mueller .
From the start , Swift 's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault , even though they never reported it to police . Them mother tearfully testified that they asked Bell to reach out to Mueller 's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity .
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller 's conduct . They also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift , Mueller and Mueller 's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet .
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week , Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller 's attorney , Gabriel McFarland , of what happened . While Mueller testified they never grabbed Swift , they insisted they were groped .
“ He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him , ” Swift testified .
“ It was a definite grab . A very long grab , ” they added .
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star 's skirt or otherwise touching them inappropriately , insisting they touched only their ribs and may have brushed the outside of their skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture .
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony . In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released , Mueller 's hand is behind Swift , just below their waist . Both are smiling . Mueller 's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift .
Swift testified that after they were groped , they numbly told Mueller and their girlfriend , “ Thank you for coming , ” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because they did not want to disappoint them .
But they said they immediately went to their photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of them with Mueller , telling the photographer what happened .
Andrea Swift testified that they asked Bell to call Mueller 's employers . They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing their daughter , they said .
“ We absolutely wanted to keep it private , but we did n't want them to get away with it , ” Andrea Swift testified .
Bell said they emailed the photo to Robert Call , KYGO 's general manager , for use in Call 's investigation of Mueller . They said they did n't ask that Mueller be fired but that “ appropriate action be taken . ”
GIRLS BASKETBALL
ROYAL OAK 31 , BIRMINGHAM MARIAN 30
The Ravens picked up a hard-fought , one-point win as they celebrated their ninth annual Pink Game to Beat Cancer .
Junior Nila Coney had eight points , including a huge 3-pointer in the fourth quarter to lead the way for Royal Oak ( 12-2 overall ) . Jessica Adams added six points and 14 rebounds . Samantha Potter had six points and four assists . Clare Kochanski had 11 boards .
Sophia Mancini had nine points to lead Marian .
Advertisement
PHOTO GALLERY FROM ROYAL OAK VS. MARIAN
WATERFORD MOTT 51 , WALLED LAKE NORTHERN 43 ( OT )
For Mott Emily Huff had 18 points and eight rebounds to go with 16 points from Faith Fredricks and 11 more from Abby Upleger .
CHANDLER PARK 54 , PONTIAC NOTRE DAME PREP 37
Senior Celia Gaynor led the Fighting Irish ( 4-9 overall ) with eight points . Emria OBrien led all scorers in the game with 14 for Chandler Park .
WALLED LAKE CENTRAL 52 , SOUTH LYON EAST 35
Believe it or not , this LVC contest was tied at 20-all at the intermission . Central then went on a 15-6 run in the third quarter and put the game away with a 19-9 run in the fourth quarter .
Leading the way for Central ( 11-3 , 7-3 ) were Rizaria Franklin with 17 points and Olivia Emert with 11 .
For East ( 10-4 , 8-2 ) , Lucy Cronin finished with 19 points , followed by Mackenzie Mallory with eight points .
BIRMINGHAM GROVES 63 , BIRMINGHAM SEAHOLM 23
The Falcons took all the suspense out of this crosstown showdown by racing to a 10-2 lead at the end of the first quarter and extending the lead to 20 at the intermission .
Kayla Nelson and Ellie Ruprich finished in double digits for Groves with 15 and 11 points , respectively . Elise Carter had a team-high five points for the Maples .
WATERFORD KETTERING 53 , MILFORD 38
Milford suffered a 53-38 loss to Kettering on Friday night . Megan Wallace had 10 points to lead the Mavericks while Allison Smith added eight .
ST. CATHERINES OF SIENA 35 , ANN ARBOR GREENHILLS 12
The Stars improve to 6-8 on the season with a dominant showing from start to finish .
SCA built leads of 19-6 at the intermission and 29-8 heading into the fourth quarter .
The highlight of the fourth quarter was when Olivia Skown , who played for the first time this season due to ACL surgery , knocked down a shot from the baseline .
SCA had 11 players score . The team was led by Grace Gulowski with eight points and Maryann Alexander with five points .
OUR LADY OF THE LAKES 60 , CRANBROOK-KINGSWOOD 25
WOLL improved to 13-3 overall , 7-0 CHSL by getting a game-high 21 points from Brooklyn Robak to go with 17 points from Tiffany Senerius and 14 more from Isabelle Kline .
Cranbrook was led by Jordyn Russell with 14 points .
FRANKLIN ROAD CHRISTIAN 53 , PARKWAY CHRISTIAN 39
FRC used a balanced scoring attack to get the better of Parkway Christian . Leading the charge for the winners was Rachel Bause with 18 points , 11 rebounds and six blocks . Chanelle Lochrie and Alexis Butler contributed to the cause with 12 and 11 points , respectively .
Lauren Turner had a team-high 12 points for Parkway Christian ( 5-6 overall ) .
FRC improves to 11-4 overall .
BOYS BASKETBALL
BIRMINGHAM GROVES 81 , OXFORD 70 ( 4OT )
What a thriller at Oxford . The Wildcats hit a shot at the buzzer to end regulation play and send this game into the first of four overtime sessions .
Each team missed shots in the finals seconds of the first and third overtime periods .
Groves seized control in the fourth overtime by sinking 8-of-11 free throws .
Leading scorers for Groves were Offie Rashed with 22 , Cristion Williams with 17 and Mitchell Pitts with 16 .
Nolan Harding and Michael Raish netted 17 points apiece for Oxford .
Groves improves to 3-5 in the OAA White while Oxford falls to 2-6 in league play .
WALLED LAKE CENTRAL 68 , SOUTH LYON EAST 63
Leading the charge for Central ( 3-10 overall ) were John Gaines with 14 points , six assists , three rebounds and one block ; and Houston Tucker with 13 points , four rebounds and three assists .
Nick Branton led all scorers in the game with 26 for East ( 4-9 overall ) .
LAKELAND 55 , SOUTH LYON 42
Cody McComas and Conner Snell led a balanced attack for host Lakeland ( 10-4 , 6-4 LVC ) with nine points each .
Noah Grimes led all point-getters with 15 for South Lyon ( 7-7 , 4-6 ) .
FARMINGTON 80 , LAKE ORION 80 ( OT )
Farmington used overtime to squeeze of a win in an OAA Blue showdown . The score was tied at 69 each at the end of regulation .
For Farmington ( 7-5 , 6-2 ) , Ray Bryant led all scorers with 39 points , Tariq Humes scored 17 , while Christian Smith and Jaden Akins each chipped in with 10 points .
Lake Orion ( 10-3 , 6-2 ) was led by Nate Talbot with 37 points , Jamie Lewis with 23 points and Pierce Burke with 11 points .
CRANBROOK-KINGSWOOD 53 , ROYAL OAK SHRINE 50 ( OT )
Whew ! The Cranes were pushed to the limit in overtime but managed to eke out a win and remain undefeated at 12-0 , 7-0 CHSL .
Cranbrook relied on stellar performances from senior center Tim Hauxwell ( 15 points ) , junior guard Torrell ( 11 points ) and junior guard Kobi Russell ( 10 points ) .
Junior guard AJ Massucci had 14 points for Shrine ( 6-7 , 3-4 .
WALLED LAKE NORTHERN 48 , WATERFORD MOTT 46
Andre Price hit the game-winning shot on their way to a team-high 12-point night for Northern ( 9-5 , 7-3 LVC ) . Teammate Carson Haslinger chipped in with 11 points .
Mott ( 10-3 , 8-2 ) was paced by Ashton Franklin with 16 points .
MADISON HEIGHTS MADISON 90 , CENTER LINE 52
The Eagles had a dominant night in the form of 28 points from Austin Brown , 17 points from Demetic Knight and 10 more from Sylvester Whitley .
TROY 52 , NORTH FARMINGTON 36
Leading the way for Troy ( 10-3 overall ) were Brody Parker and Danny Sully with 16 and 13 points , respectively .
Kendall Hayes and Donny Dreshaj matched parker and Sully with 16 and 13 points of their own for North Farmington ( 5-7 .
SWARTZ CREEK 55 , HOLLY 54 ( OT )
Down 35-23 at halftime , Holly came back to send the game into OT tied at 50-50 .
Sophomore point guard Noah Baylis had 26 points and nine rebounds . Sophomore Hunter Jackson had 10 points , six rebounds . Seniors Isaiah Franklin had seven points and six rebounds and Grant Tooley tallied six points and six rebounds for Holly .
MILFORD 47 , WATERFORD KETTERING 36
Gunnar Gustafson led the way with 14 points , 14 rebounds , and seven blocks . Teammates Aiden Warzecha and Kyle Soderberg added 12 points each for the Mavericks ( 9-3 , 8-2 LVC ) .
Travis Frazier had 15 points to lead Kettering ( 2-10 , 1-9 ) .
WALLED LAKE WESTERN 55 , LINDEN 38
Myles Dalton exploded for 13 of their game-high 16 points in the third quarter for Western in this non-league match up . Tahveayr Boykins added 13 for Western ( 7-5 overall ) .
STONEY CREEK 69 , SEAHOLM 65
The Stoney Creek boys basketball team edged Seaholm on Friday night , 69-65 in OAA White action . Andrew Carson led the Cougars with 22 points while Nate Davis added 21 . Brady Flynn led all scorers , putting up 35 for Seaholm .
CLAWSON 45 , FERNDALE UNIVERSITY 44
Dominique Stephens scored 14 points to lead Clawson to a 1-point win over Ferndale University on Friday . TJ Verner added eight for the Trojans while Omari Johnson scored seven .
HAZEL PARK 71 , SOUTHFIELD A & T 57
David Hearns scored 22 points to lead Hazel Park to a 14-point win over Southfield A & T on Friday night .
ROCHESTER 60 , PONTIAC 41
The Rochester boys basketball team earned a 60-41 win over Pontiac on Friday thanks to 23 points and 11 rebounds from Lamarcko Gulledge . Hunter Schattler added 21 points for the Falcons .
FRANKLIN ROAD CHRISTIAN 47 , ROEPER 38
The Novi Franklin Road Christian boys basketball team earned a 47-38 win over Roeper on Friday night . Blake Banks , Christian Banks and Blake Goodman each had 11 points to lead FRC . Josiah Smith had 18 points to lead Roeper .
BISHOP FOLEY 51 , LIGGETT 42
Mike Maten had 17 points , 14 rebounds and four blocks to lead Bishop Foley past Liggett on Friday night .
BOYS SWIMMING
HOLLY 116 , FLINT KEARSLEY 61
Highlights from the Bronchos convincing win include :
Tanner Graveratte , first place in the 200 free and 100 free ; Logan Molzahn , first place in the 50 freestyle and 100 back ; Jake Osborne , second place in the 200 IM ; Drew Hignite , first place in the 500 free ; Gavin Nareski , first place in the 100 breast and Bryce Nichols , first place in the 100 butterfly .
DENVER : Pop superstar Taylor Swift was celebrating on Monday ( Aug 14 ) after winning a sexual assault lawsuit against a former radio DJ they accused of groping them
A jury in Denver federal court deliberated for four hours before allowing their complaint that David Mueller had fondled their buttocks during a photo opportunity in 2013 .
Swift was awarded the nominal US $ 1 in damages they had asked for , capping an emotional day for the `` Bad Blood '' singer , who had broken down in tears during the closing arguments .
The 27-year-old diva issued a statement thanking the court and acknowledging their legal team for `` fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault . ''
`` I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life , in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this , '' they said .
`` My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard . Therefore , I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
The singer had turned away from the public gallery to wipe their eyes earlier in the day as Mueller 's lawyer Gabriel McFarland questioned whether their client would have any reason to assault the star .
The singer 's mother , Andrea Swift , also had tears in their eyes during the session as they handed their daughter tissues .
`` I do n't know what kind of person grabs or gropes a music superstar , but it 's not that guy , '' McFarland told the court .
They repeatedly said the singer was wrong in their assertion that Mueller had stuck their hand under their skirt and `` grabbed their bare ass cheek '' during a meet-and-greet before Swift 's gig at the Pepsi Centre .
'NO MEANS NO '
Swift 's aides complained to the DJ 's radio station of the incident and they lost their job .
Mueller launched a US $ 3 million lawsuit against Swift in 2015 for loss of earnings , arguing it was their allegations that had got them sacked , while the popstar counter-sued for sexual assault .
US District Judge William Martinez scaled back the case on Friday , ruling that there was no evidence for Mueller to be entitled to damages from Swift personally .
The six woman , two-man jury ruled on Monday that Swift 's mother and radio consultant Frank Bell were n't liable for damages either .
Doug Baldridge , Swift 's attorney , had told the jury in their closing arguments that the sole issue to be determined was whether someone like Mueller should be allowed to humiliate or assault a woman .
`` Should aggressors like Mr. Mueller be allowed to sue their victims ? '' Baldridge asked the jury .
The dollar in damages Swift sought `` is of immeasurable value , '' Baldridge said , adding : `` It says 'no means no . ' It tells every woman that they will decide what happens to their bodies . ''
Baldridge told reporters outside the courthouse that the jury had `` knuckled down and did the right thing . ''
`` Something really big happened here today . It took someone as prominent as Taylor Swift to stand up and say no , '' they said .
`` This really means something for the one in four women who are victims of sexual assault . ''
WASHINGTON : US Secret Service chief Joseph Clancy will retire in early March , the elite agency tasked with protecting the US president said on Tuesday ( Feb 14 ) .
A former head of US President Barack Obama 's detail , Clancy returned from a previous retirement to steer the agency two years ago , amid outcry over several security lapses at the White House that tarnished the agency 's image .
Clancy - who is a prior to their first retirement had served the agency for nearly three decades - will officially step down once more on Mar 4 , and new US President Donald Trump will appoint their successor .
The Secret Service , made up of some 6,500 people , is also responsible for the security of former presidents and vice presidents , as well as foreign heads of state and government on official visits .
Since the 1968 assassination of Robert Kennedy , it has additionally protected presidential candidates .
The agency has suffered a string of embarrassing scandals , including a 2014 high-profile incident in which a mentally disturbed veteran scaled the fence and burst into the White House with a knife .
The former head of the agency , Julia Pierson , resigned in the wake of that scandal .
They had initially been appointed to clean up the service after a dozen agents were found to have hired prostitutes during a 2012 presidential trip to Colombia .
They started flooding Facebook after the news broke Monday afternoon -- the comments from longtime regulars shaken by the abrupt announcement . Memories of nights spent laughing with friends on the patio or fighting for space in the bustling wine bar . The anniversary dinners , the birthday drinks . First dates , first jobs .
After 32 years , Lucia 's is closing . The last day of service will be October 14 .
That 's a good run , by any standards , and especially in the ever-fickle restaurant industry . But if the recollections seem a little melodramatic , a little overly maudlin , well… it 's just that it 's hard to overstate what that little restaurant at 31st and Hennepin meant to this city .
“ There would n't be a Birchwood if there had n't been a Lucia 's , ” Birchwood Cafe co-owner Tracy Singleton says simply .
Before they opened their Seward cafe -- now 22 years old and an inspiration and institution in its own right -- it was Lucia 's where they say they first connected with “ real food . ”
“ Working at Lucia 's was a turning point in my life , professionally and personally , because being able to have exposure to that kind of food helped me develop a healthy relationship with food , which I did n't really have before , ” they add .
As a kid growing up in the Seventies and early Eighties , the child of two busy , working parents in the peak of the low-fat , no-fat craze , their meals came down to some ungodly combination of pseudo- ” health ” and , moreso , convenience . ( “ It was n't farmers markets and CSAs , it was , ‘ What 's in a box in the freezer that I can open up and microwave ? ' ” )
Singleton 's never been shy about their love for Lucia 's , and they are n't now . “ When I opened , my business partner … they worked at Lucia 's too . We both came from Lucia 's . Lucia 's informed the principles and values that this was founded on . ”
There 's the obvious : that other restaurants at the time were n't buying their food from farmers or putting an emphasis on making everything from scratch . But it was more than that .
“ Aside from farm-to-table , the teamwork that was there , the respect that was there , the ethics that were there -- it was a whole shift for me . ”
“ A lot of us went through there -- I was just thinking about it , ” adds Beth Fisher , now the executive chef at Uptown 's French Meadow Bakery and Cafe , who worked at Lucia 's in the late '90s . “ Susan [ Muskat ] down at Moose & Sadie 's ; Paul Schula at Bev 's Wine Bar . So many of us went through that kitchen . Some stayed for two years , some stayed for 15 years … there was no reason to leave . ”
Fisher remembers the way the pioneering chef would work beside you in the kitchen , the way she 'd be right there next to you on the floor . How they always worked every bit as hard as -- or harder than -- every last one of their coworkers and employees . “ And I think we all learned that , and went on to do our own things with that instilled in us . People really respect you when you 're standing knee-deep in the line . ”
It was a kind of caring that did n't change when you left the kitchen . Singleton says they 've remained friends and that Lucia has been a mentor of theirs -- always generous with their time and resources and advice -- throughout their 22 years at the helm of Birchwood .
They agree , too , with the essence of what the pioneering chef humbly told the Star Tribune earlier this week : that all good things come to an end . They do n't know the people who purchased Lucia 's a few years ago , or how that changed the restaurant overall . “ I do n't think it was the same as when Lucia was there , ” they say .
Fisher concurs . “ As soon as it sold , it changed . Lucia was the soul of the place , to me . Everybody was trying to support it and make it happen , but I think running it from a business side instead of a personal , passionate side ... it just leaked through in too many places . ”
As for what the loss of Lucia 's means for the Twin Cities , Singleton notes that it 's in no way the death of the farm-to-table movement ( a term they do n't love , by the way ) . In fact , more and more restaurants are embracing and emphasizing integrity in their food sourcing all the time . Still : “ That 's something that [ Lucia 's ] started , and I think that will continue . At least it will at Birchwood . ”
“ And still relevant . What they did is still relevant , I think . At least I have to hope so , because that 's what we 're doing . ”
“ But it is , ” they add . “ It 's the loss of an institution . ”
Yamaha Star Venture is our new Favorite Luxury Tourer
Yamaha planned to take us all by surprise with its newest offering , a jaw dropping luxury tourer that aims to take over the American mega touring market in the near future . Watch out Harley , there might be a new sheriff in town ! Based on the popular 1,854cc v-twin engine that Raider cruiser owners know and appreciate , the new Yamaha Star Venture is the company 's new touring flagship , and obviously comes with the best features Yamaha has to offer .
The Star Venture comes with an impressive infotainment system , featuring a 7-inch screen , and the special Sure-Park drive system that slowly moves the bike in forward or reverse directions to ensure you will park this heavy beast perfectly . Things are already looking great for this Yamaha bike , but could it really compete with the best bikes from Harley-Davidson ?
Yamaha also equipped this beauty with LED quad headlights , an adjustable windscreen and central-locking saddlebags and top trunk , as well as four-way heated seats and grips , adjustable backrests , tire pressure sensors and a full set of electronic driver assist equipment including ABS , TC , cruise control and riding modes . The stereo system may seem like too much , especially since most riders love the sound of the engine more than anything else , but it 's there if you really want to use it .
And if you want to get even more features , the TransContinental ( TC ) touring pack adds built-in GPS navigation , SiriusXM satellite radio , dual zone audio control , fog lights , additional storage and a security system with an alarm . The Yamaha Star Venture will set you back just $ 24,990 , or $ 26,990 with the TC Touring package . Ready for a trip ?
Two Colombian players who missed penalties against England have received death threats from furious fans on social media .
Vile messages targeting Mateus Uribe and Carlos Bacca started to appear within minutes of Colombia being knocked out of the 2018 World Cup in Russia following the dramatic shoot-out .
Uribe 's penalty hit the crossbar while Bacca 's attempt was saved by hero England goalkeeper Pickford .
According to UK 's Mirror , mostly aimed at Bacca who fans thought took the worse penalty and played badly , the posts warned the players they were “ dead ' , urged them to kill themselves and told them not to return to the South American country .
The sinister messages were made despite a police investigation into early death threats made towards Colombian player Carlos Sanchez after they were sent off three minutes into the team 's World Cup opener against Japan .
Many outraged football fans pointed out that Tuesday was the 24th anniversary of the death of Andres Escobar , who was shot dead after their own goal was blamed for sending Colombia home at the 1994 World Cup in the USA .
One post by Twitter user David Castaneda warned : “ Die Carlos Bacca . Son of a bitch . No-one wants you , gonorrhoea.To this country you do n't return . ”
Another , Jhon Duqueismo , wrote : “ Thank you to all the players , except to three-time son of a bitch , useless , dead , Carlos Bacca . Do n't come back here . ”
HumorFPCosky wrote : “ I hate you Carlos Bacca , I hate all of you , I hate your indifference , your animal surname , and your ass 's game . You 're worse than a cancer , at least with cancer you can go to a doctor and find out what you have .
“ Carlos Bacca , get depressed and kill yourself , so you do n't continue living this agony . ”
Patricio wrote : “ Uribe , you are a piece of shit , I hope you die . ”
Another user , INFINITO wrote : “ That was Mateus Uribe 's last game , that man is already dead . ”
But other Colombian fans expressed their shock at the cruel messages .
Brayan Sanchez wrote : “ Do n't wish for the death of Bacca and Uribe . Do we wish to repeat what happened to Andres Escobar ? Is this Colombia ? Games are won and lost , we are a real country . ”
Another , Lois Lane , said : “ The anniversary of the death of Andres Escobar and you are calling for the death of Bacca . I 'm sorry , I ca n't stand such shit people . Get out of my timeline . ”
And MoreJuanSe wrote : “ Now they start to insult and threaten Uribe and Bacca . Yesterday was the 24th anniversary of the death of Andres Escobar , please , please ! Let 's learn how to lose as well . ”
Andres Escobar was gunned down by a gangland figure 10 days after their mistake against the US knocked Colombia out of the World Cup hosted in the USA .
Hours before the showdown with England their brother , Sachi , had warned that the tragedy could happen again if Colombia failed to get through to the quarter-finals .
And they pleaded with their country 's passionate fans and gangland figures to ensure sure that no other player is hurt or threatened if things did n't go their way .
They said : “ I want to send an important message to those people who think things can be resolved with violence , and with weapons , that they can take someone 's life just because they make a mistake , in this case the life of a football player .
“ Football should be a vehicle of peace and social transformation , and at the end of the day , it is just a game .
“ But I truly hope that , if Colombia failed to meet these expectations , then the tragedy that happened to my brother does n't repeat itself . God forbid that it happens again . ”
And they said of the death threats made against Sanchez , they said : “ As a brother who has gone through this , I know what must be going through their heads , and I would n't want anyone to go through that .
“ Carlos must be feeling both sad for the mistake they made , and very afraid , and their family too .
“ My brother never received any threats , they just shot them dead in the most cowardly way . The fact that people are still allowed to say these things on social network sites , even threaten them with death… shows me that nothing good came out of Andres ' death , nothing was learned .
“ These people are just lowlifes who are not real Colombian football fans , who should be arrested and thrown into jail . ”
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
3 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
A Philippines politician said on Thursday residents fleeing the besieged Marawi City had seen hundreds of dead bodies in an area where intense fighting has taken place between security forces and Islamist militants in the last three weeks .
MARAWI CITY , Philippines : A Philippines politician said on Thursday residents fleeing besieged Marawi City had seen at least 100 bodies in an area where intense fighting has taken place between security forces and Islamist militants in the last three weeks .
Zia Alonto Adiong , who is helping in rescue and relief efforts , said they had earlier mistakenly said 500 to 1,000 dead bodies were seen by residents .
`` I 'm sorry , I 'm talking about the estimated number of trapped residents , '' they told reporters .
`` Dead bodies , at least 100 , scattered around the encounter area . ''
The military has said 290 people have died in more than three weeks of fighting , including 206 militants , 58 soldiers and 26 civilians .
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Reporting by Neil Jerome Morales ; Writing by Raju Gopalakrishnan ; Editing by Michael Perry and Clarence Fernandez )
Former Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe risked being expelled from the ruling Zanu-PF party following their perceived dabbling in opposition politics , a Senior Party Official has said on Monday .
Secretary for legal affairs Paul Mangwana told state media that Mugabe risked losing their party membership and constitutional privileges for engaging former minister Ambrose Mutinhiri .
According to reports Mutinhiri , recently resigned from the party and went on to form the National Patriotic Front which has since registered to contest in forthcoming elections .
Mangwana said the constitution did not allow a former head of state to get involved in active politics and the ruling party would soon review Mugabe 's membership of the party ,
“ In the fullness of time , Zanu-PF will have to meet to discuss these new developments about the former head of state and government to review whether it is still necessary or not for them to continue enjoying the status we had given him , '' they said .
Mugabe joined Zanu-PF soon after its formation in 1963 and was elected president in 1975 .
They were removed from the position in November 2017 in a military action they have since described as a coup d'etat and therefore unconstitutional .
Their wife Grace was expelled from the party for causing divisions with many party members describing them as loose cannon .
Mugabe earlier told mainly foreign media that Emmerson Mnangagwa 's presidency was illegal and that they were willing to discuss how the situation could be regularised .
Former “ Sex and the City ” star Cynthia Nixon is running for New York governor
Comments
Chinese tycoon Wang Jian , whose sprawling conglomerate HNA Group owns a host of foreign assets , has died after a falling off a wall while sightseeing in southern France , police and their company said Wednesday .
Wang suffered the fatal accident on Tuesday in the picturesque hillside village of Bonnieux after climbing onto a parapet , either to see the view of the valley below or to have their photograph taken , local security sources told AFP .
“ He jumped up on to the wall and was carried over it by their own momentum , ” a source close to the case told AFP on condition of anonymity .
The 57-year-old business person , the co-founder of HNA and its second-highest ranking executive , fell into a 10-metre ( 32-foot ) void , sustaining serious injuries that emergency services were unable to treat at the site .
“ Together , we mourn the loss of an exceptionally gifted leader and role model , whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him , ” their firm said in a statement issued in China .
HNA said Wang , whose personal fortune is estimated at 1.7 billion dollars by Forbes magazine , had been visiting Bonnieux during a business trip to France .
The company started as a small provincial airline servicing China 's Hainan Province but has expanded quickly in recent years under the leadership of Wang and business partner Chen Feng .
The firm 's $ 230 billion in assets were built up during a foreign buying spree that saw it diversify into tourism and finance via major deals to buy shares in companies including the Hilton hotels group and Deutsche Bank .
It also took stakes in foreign airlines such as Virgin Australia , France 's Aigle Azur and TAP in Portugal .
But HNA came under pressure last year as Beijing cracked down on the risky debt-fuelled financing that enabled its expansion .
The conglomerate has started selling parts of its empire to pay down its loans , including its Hilton and Deutsche Bank shares , and Wang 's death was seen as likely to complicate the unwinding process .
“ Wang 's passing will mark the end of an era of aggressive expansion by HNA , ” Corrine Png , chief executive at the Singapore-based research firm Crucial Perspective , told the Bloomberg financial news agency .
“ It will also put HNA Group and related companies ' restructuring plans back on the drawing board , in our view , ” Png added .
At the end of 2017 , the company reported that its debt was 638 billion yuan ( 81.5 billion euros ) , up 36 percent from 2016 .
Wang owned about 15 percent of the Chinese group , making them one of the group 's biggest shareholders , Bloomberg reported .
Wang began their career in civil aviation planning in 1983 .
Bonnieux is a mediaeval village in the Provence area of the south of France , a favoured destination for the rich and famous over the peak summer holiday period .
GENEVA/YANGON : The United Nations braced on Friday for a possible `` further exodus '' of Muslim Rohingya refugees from Myanmar into Bangladesh six weeks after the world 's fastest-developing refugee emergency began , U.N. humanitarian aid chief said .
Some 515,000 Rohingya have arrived in Bangladesh from Myanmar 's western state of Rakhine in an unrelenting movement of people that began after Myanmar security forces responded to Rohingya militant attacks with a brutal crackdown .
The United Nations has denounced the Myanmar military offensive as ethnic cleansing but Myanmar insists its forces are fighting `` terrorists '' who have killed civilians and burnt villages .
Right groups say more than half of more than 400 Rohingya villages in the north of Rakhine state have been torched in a campaign by the security forces and Buddhist vigilantes to drive out Muslims .
Mark Lowcock , U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs , reiterated an appeal for access to the population in northern Rakhine , saying the situation was `` unacceptable '' .
Buddhist-majority Myanmar has blocked most access to the area , although some agencies have offices open in towns there and the International Committee of the Red Cross is helping the Myanmar Red Cross to deliver aid .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` This flow of people of Myanmar has n't stopped yet . Obviously there 's into the hundreds of thousands of Rohingya still in Myanmar , and we want to be ready in case there is a further exodus , '' Lowcock told a news briefing in Geneva .
Lowcock said a senior U.N. official was expected to visit Myanmar in the next few days .
An estimated 2,000 Rohingya are arriving in Bangladesh every day , Joel Millman of the International Organization for Migration , told a separate briefing .
Myanmar officials have said they attempted to reassure groups trying to flee to Bangladesh but could not stop people who were not citizens from leaving .
The official Myanmar News Agency said on Friday `` large numbers '' of Muslims were preparing to cross the border . It cited their reasons as `` livelihood difficulties '' , health problems , a `` belief '' of insecurity and fear of becoming a minority .
RAIN-DRENCHED CAMPS
Aid agencies have warned of a malnutrition crisis with about 281,000 people in Bangladesh in urgent need of food , including 145,000 children under five and more than 50,000 pregnant and breastfeeding women .
Cholera is a risk , amid fears of disease spreading in the rain-drenched camps where aid workers are trying to install sanitation systems , a spokesperson for the World Health Organisation said .
About 900,000 doses of cholera vaccine are due to arrive this weekend and a vaccination campaign should start on Tuesday .
U.N.-led aid bodies have appealed for US $ 434 million over six months to help up to 1.2 million people - including 300,000 Rohingya already in Bangladesh before the latest crisis and 300,000 Bangladeshi villagers in so-called host communities .
The Rohingya are regarded as illegal immigrants in Myanmar and most are stateless .
Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has faced criticism for not doing more to stop the violence , although a military-drafted constitution gives them no power over the security forces .
They have condemned rights abuses and said Myanmar was ready to start a process agreed with Bangladesh in 1993 by which anyone verified as a refugee would be accepted back .
Lowcock said talks between Myanmar and Bangladesh on a repatriation plan were a useful first step .
`` But there is clearly a long way to go , '' they said .
Both the United States and Britain have warned Myanmar the crisis is putting at risk the progress it has made since the military began to loosen its grip on power .
China , which built close ties with Myanmar while it was under military rule and Western sanctions , has been supportive .
In Washington , U.S. officials said sanctions and the withholding of aid were among the options available to press Myanmar to halt the violence but they had to be careful to avoid worsening the crisis .
`` We do n't want to take actions that exacerbate their suffering . There is that risk in this complicated environment , '' Patrick Murphy , a deputy assistant secretary of state , told a hearing of the U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee .
Murphy said efforts were under way to identify those responsible for rights violations .
( Additional reporting by Patricia Zengerle in WASHINGTON ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
EATON —Two Eaton residents were arrested on drug trafficking charges earlier this week .
Joseph L. Spencer , 29 and Samantha L. Gardner , 28 , were charged for trafficking in drugs after investigators purchased suspected methamphetamine from them , according to Preble County Sheriff Mike Simpson .
On Monday , Oct. 2 , deputies purchased approximately one gram of suspected methamphetamine from a male subject ( Spencer ) in the parking lot of a laundromat near the intersection of North Barron Street and Eaton-Lewisburg Road in Eaton , according to a PCSO press release .
Deputies arrested Spencer , who delivered the drugs to the undercover deputy . They later arrested Gardner , through whom deputies said the transaction was arranged .
Both Spencer and Gardner were housed in the Preble County Jail .
On Tuesday , Oct. 3 , both were formally charged in Eaton Municipal Court .
Both Spencer and Gardner face one count of aggravated trafficking in drugs , a fourth-degree felony . Both are also expected to face additional charges after the Miami Valley Regional Crime Lab completes their analysis of the suspected methamphetamine .
“ Deputies continue their efforts to identify and criminally charge distributors and street level dealers of illegal drugs , ” Simpson said in the release .
Both Spencer and Gardner were awaiting arraignment in Eaton Municipal Court at press time .
Spencer http : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2017/10/web1_Joseph-Spencer.jpg Spencer Gardner http : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2017/10/web1_Samantha-Gardner.jpg Gardner http : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2017/10/web1_pcso_Joseph-Spencer.jpg http : //www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2017/10/web1_pcso_Samantha-Gardner.jpg
By Eddie Mowen Jr. emowen @ registerherald.com
Reach Eddie Mowen Jr. at 937-683-4056 or on Twitter @ emowen_RH .
Reach Eddie Mowen Jr. at 937-683-4056 or on Twitter @ emowen_RH .
© 2001–2017 SBC . All rights reserved unless stated otherwise .
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation , Ltd .
Advertisement
The Greek government on Tuesday welcomed the debt-laden country 's return to annual growth in 2016 , using it for a fresh assault on austerity measures sought by its creditors .
The economy grew 0.3 percent last year , according to AFP calculations using early estimates from national statistics agency Elstat , despite a contraction in the last quarter .
The figure , in line with Brussels ' latest projection announced on Monday , marks only the second increase in annual gross domestic product ( GDP ) since 2008 .
The European Commission also pencilled in Greek growth of 2.7 percent this year and 3.1 percent in 2018 .
Government spokesperson Dimitris Tzanakopoulos said the estimates showed that “ the Greek economy has definitely returned to growth ” .
They insisted at their weekly press briefing that there was “ no basis ” for additional austerity measures after the completion of Greece 's current bailout in 2018 .
Around 2,000 farmers descended on Athens on Tuesday to protest against new tax hikes and pension reforms that are part of Greece 's austerity programme .
The protests came after months of failed talks between Athens and its eurozone and International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) creditors , raising fears of a new debt crisis that could again jeopardise Greece 's place in the monetary union .
– Bailout row –
Athens faces debt repayments of 7.0 billion euros ( $ 7.44 billion ) this summer that it can not afford without defusing the feud that is holding up new loans from Greece 's 86 billion euro bailout .
Advertisement
At the core of the row is whether Greece can deliver on budget targets that the IMF says are based on overly-optimistic economic forecasts .
The IMF , quietly backed by Germany , insists that more pension cuts and tax hikes are necessary to reach those targets .
The government bitterly refuses more reforms , with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras warning creditors on Saturday to “ stop playing with fire ” over their country 's debt problems .
Top EU economic affairs official Pierre Moscovici is due in Athens for talks with Tsipras on Wednesday to try and unblock the negotiations .
Talks in Brussels between Greece and its creditors on Friday ended with no breakthrough , although Eurogroup chief Jeroen Dijsselbloem said some progress was made .
The next meeting of eurozone ministers , on February 20 , is seen as an unofficial deadline to end the stalemate ahead of important elections in European countries including France , Germany and The Netherlands .
– Quick resolution –
The annual growth estimate for 2016 comes despite a decline of 0.4 percent in the fourth quarter , compared with the previous quarter when GDP grew at a revised 0.9 percent , Elstat said .
Fourth quarter GDP grew by 0.3 percent compared with the same period in 2015 .
Greek central bank chief Yannis Stournaras has warned that a quick resolution to the bailout row is crucial in order to avoid a replay of the chaos in 2015 when Greece defaulted and just barely survived in the eurozone .
“ Any later , the conditions will be much worse and it will be too late , ” Stournaras told lawmakers on Monday .
Alton Little Theater will kick off the new year with a one-act play competition from 7 to 10 p.m. Saturday , Jan. 6 .
“ Words , Words , Words ” by David Ives will be directed by Brant McCance and feature Kurtis Leible , Joey File and Mary Grace Brueggemann . “ Gentle Crazy ” by Don Gordon will be directed by , and feature , Leible and Brueggemann .
“ Both are humorous pieces that focus on the foibles of relationships , and both are wonderful examples of the power of words , ” ALT 's Lee Cox said .
The theater solicited submissions for the competition to showcase new directors in ALT 's mentoring program and received more than a dozen plays from playwrights around the country .
Another evening or afternoon may take place in fall 2018 , “ but for now , McCance , Leible and Brueggemann will compete for a $ 250 cash prize chosen by the audience vote for best-directed script , ” Cox said . Excerpts from other plays under consideration for upcoming bonus shows will be performed by ALT actors Lee Cox , Margaret Sommerhoff , Sawyer Burton and others .
Tickets for the event are $ 10 .
“ This price is offered to encourage students and new audience members to enjoy some fine theater for a reasonable evening out and includes free snacks and nonalcoholic beverages , ” said Cox , with wine and beer available for $ 4 for patrons 21 and older .
Cox said the 85th season lineup will be announced after Jan. 1 and will feature added events designed to help sustain the theater for future years .
Visit the Alton Little Theater website for performance schedules and additional information , or call ( 618 ) 465-6562 .
altonlittletheater.org
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Advertisement
US President Donald Trump 's block on US funds going to organisations involved in abortion care overseas could impact millions of women , Bill and Melinda Gates have warned , the Guardian reported on Tuesday .
The Microsoft founder and billionaire philanthropist runs the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation with their wife , focusing on health and education worldwide .
“ We 're concerned that this shift could impact millions of women and girls around the world , ” Melinda Gates told the British daily .
“ Enabling women to time and space their pregnancies and providing access to treatment and prevention of infectious diseases is life-saving work , ” they said .
“ It saves moms ' lives and it saves babies ' lives , and that has long had wide support in the United States ” .
Advertisement
Bill Gates said the funding cut would “ create a void that even a foundation like ours ca n't fill ” .
“ The US is the No1 donor in the work that we do . Government aid ca n't be replaced by philanthropy . ”
Trump last month signed a decree barring US funding for foreign non-governmental groups that provide abortion assistance or engage in advocacy , relaunching a battle that has long divided Americans .
The restrictions were first put in place in 1984 by Republican president Ronald Reagan .
Later eliminated by Democratic president Bill Clinton , they were reinstalled by their Republican successor George W. Bush , and annulled again after Barack Obama took office .
Trump 's version goes further because it applies to any organisation that receives funding from US Aid , not just those involved in family planning .
Top U.S. weapons maker Lockheed Martin Corp welcomed a push by U.S. President Donald Trump to speed up approvals of arms sales , saying it would reassure allies who had been frustrated by bureaucratic delays in the past .
BERLIN : Top U.S. weapons maker Lockheed Martin Corp welcomed a push by U.S. President Donald Trump to speed up approvals of arms sales , saying it would reassure allies who had been frustrated by bureaucratic delays in the past .
The Trump administration last week rolled out an overhaul of U.S. arms export policy aimed at expanding sales to allies , saying it would bolster the American defense industry and create jobs at home .
Rick Edwards , executive vice president of Lockheed Martin International , told Reuters the initiative should help speed up progress on foreign weapons sales that have already helped fuel their company 's growth in recent years .
`` It will reassure some of our allies that we 're going to move the process faster , '' they said in an interview on the eve of the ILA Berlin Air Show . `` They get frustrated with how long it takes to get through all the wickets . ''
Foreign sales accounted for about 30 percent of Lockheed 's revenues in 2017 and should expand further in coming years , Edwards said , although they declined to name a specific target .
Lockheed on Tuesday reported better-than-expected quarterly profit and raised its full-year forecast , helped in part by sales of its stealthy F-35 combat jets .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Edwards said that they would not be surprised if U.S. allies in the Gulf began requesting information about the F-35 during the Trump presidency , although future sales would depend on political decisions in that region and the United States .
`` These countries are very strong allies , and they 're buying a lot of American equipment , so the logical next step is that they 'll pursue the rest of American capabilities , '' they said .
At the same time , they said , Saudi Arabia and its Gulf neighbors were working to beef up their air and missile defense capabilities and meet other military needs , which would probably take precedence before they moved ahead on any F-35 purchases .
A planned sale of Lockheed 's Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) missile defense system is currently in the contract review process in Saudi Arabia , they said .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Lockheed is working closely with Saudi Arabian Military Industries , or SAMI , to work out details on local jobs and local sovereignty , and is likely to wind up with hundreds of Lockheed employees in the kingdom , Edwards said .
Saudi Arabia has announced `` ambitious '' plans to increase the percentage of local work done on weapons contracts to around 50 percent from 2 to 3 percent currently by 2030 , they said .
Lockheed is also `` bullish '' on sales in Europe , where it already has 3,500 employees and eight offices , Edwards added .
The company is focused heavily on several German competitions , including a multi-billion-euro heavy-lift helicopter competition in which its CH-53K King Stallion will square off against Boeing 's twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook . The CH-53K will make its international debut at the air show this week .
Edwards said they were confident that the company 's joint venture with European missile maker MBDA would be able to make a deal with Germany for a missile defense system after years of negotiations . `` I do n't see any showstoppers and the messaging from our customers has been great , '' they said .
Lockheed is also hoping to score Germany as a new buyer for its F-35 stealth combat jets . The U.S. government on Tuesday provided data to the German defense ministry on the F-35 and the F-15E and F/A-18E/F fighter jets built by Boeing Co .
( Additional reporting by Mike Stone in Washington , editing by Larry King )
PHNOM PENH : Cambodia on Wednesday ( Jul 4 ) reopened the final stretch of a railway running from the capital Phnom Penh to the border with neighbouring Thailand , the first time the line has been operational in 45 years .
The Asian Development Bank provided US $ 13 million in 2009 to rebuild the missing link which aims to slash travel time between the two countries and boost trade .
Advertisement
Cambodian transport minister Sun Chanthol said a train ran Wednesday morning from the northwestern province of Pursat to Phnom Penh , the last remaining section of the track between the two countries to be finished .
`` This is a historic day for our nation , '' Sun Chanthol said .
Cambodia and Thailand still have to hash out an agreement on trains crossing the border but Sun Chanthol said the two countries hoped to strike a deal soon .
Much of Cambodia 's railways - built by the French during their colonial occupation - were damaged by years of bitter conflict that engulfed the country during the Cold War era .
Advertisement
Advertisement
A 48km portion of the railway near the border town of Poipet was destroyed by war in 1973 .
The rest of link to Phnom Penh had been suspended for more than a decade due to the poor condition of the track .
The Southeast Asian country has more than 600km of traintrack extending from its northern border with Thailand down to the southern coast .
Central Michigans variety of food challenges are as delicious as they are daunting . They are sure to test even the most voracious of eaters . While delicious , these colossal meals are not for the faint of heart ( or weak stomach ) .
What follows is a guide to the toughest , most delicious food challenges in Central Michigan .
The PIXIE Wall of Fame Challenge
Price : $ 15 | Weight : 2.5 pounds | Time Limit : One Hour
Advertisement
The bitty burger or coney dog challenge at PIXIE Restaurant in Mt . Pleasant : Eat 10 bitty burgers or six coney dogs , or a combination of the two in less than an hour and you will earn a spot on the Wall of Fame .
Cheers Big Kahuna Burger Challenge | Price : $ 25 | Weight : 4.5 pounds | Time Limit : 30 minutes
Consume around 4 pounds of meat at Cheers Neighborhood Grill in Mt . Pleasant : This meal includes a stacker with nearly 3 pounds of beef , topped with a half-pound of bacon , a half-pound of cheese , two fried eggs , sauteed onions , shredded lettuce and tomatoes ; served on a super-size bun , placed over a pound of fries . Youre looking at roughly 4.5 pounds of food . Eat this platter within 30 minutes and its on the house .
The Dog Central Challenge | Price : $ 25 | Time Limit : 25 minutes
Featured on Travel Channels Man vs. Food , the DC Challenge at Dog Central in Mt . Pleasant is no joke : eat three foot-long dogs with chili and your choice of two additional toppings , bed of fries , stack of onion rings and a 20-ounce fountain drink within 25 minutes or less to receive the meal at no cost and Dog Central owes you $ 10 . Fail , and you pay the $ 25 tab .
More challenges at Dog Central include the most hot dogs eaten in two hours , most hot dogs eaten in 30 minutes and The Ghost Chili Challenge which is eating three dogs with hot ghost pepper chili .
Eating eight dogs with chili and one topping will get your name on Dog Centrals Wall of Fame .
Elly May Dining : Paul Bunyan Breakfast Challenge | Price : $ 16.99 | Weight : 5 pounds | Time Limit : one hour
The ultimate breakfast challenge awaits its next competitor at Elly May Dining in Weidman : Eat a 16-inch buttermilk pancake , garnished with a half-dozen eggs , 1 pound of bacon , and 1 pound of sausage patties .
Elly May Dining : The Judge Burger Challenge Price : $ 19.99 | Weight : 5 pounds | Time Limit : One Hour
The Judge includes 1.5 pounds of choice ground beef , 1 pound of bacon , a half-pound of cheese , four slices of texas toast and all of the fixings . The challenge includes one pound of french fries and you have one hour to finish everything . Those who defeat The Judge receive the meal free and earn a spot on Elly Mays Wall of Fame .
La Senorita : The Big Juan | Price : $ 14.99-16.99 | Weight : 4 lb . | Time Limit : Closing Time
The Big Juan is back at La Senorita in Mt . Pleasant : This is more than just a 4-pound special wet burrito ; its special because of its huge size and its addition of Mexican rice . Purchase includes a T-shirt while they last . Eat the whole thing and you can mount your picture on the Big Juan Wall of Fame .
Note : This promotion beings April 1 , 2018 and continues until the Big Juan T-shirt supply is gone .
Wings & Sorry B * * tard Challenge | Price : $ 7.99 & 24.99 | Time Limit : 20 minutes
The Sorry B * * tard Challenge at The Barn Door in Mt . Pleasant : Built from the bottom , this challenge includes mayo , lettuce , tomato , a 1/3 pound burger , bacon , onion ring , two slices of American cheese , bun . Repeat that two more times and youve got your challenge . Served with 1 pound of fries and two shots of Cathys Hot Sauce . Condiments are the ONLY thing that can be substituted . The meal is free if you finish this challenge in 20 minutes .
The Wings Challenge at The Barn Door in Mt . Pleasant , MI : The Wings Challenge includes one pound of traditional wings or a half pound of boneless wings and a choice of sauce to be spun or on the side . The challenge also includes ranch or bleu cheese for dipping . Fries , frips or coleslaw can be added for $ 1.50 more and onion rings for $ 2.00 more .
Cast of `` Stranger Things 2 '' ( credit : Netflix )
The geniuses over at Bad Lip Reading have tackled the NFL , the Presidential Debates , and have even lampooned Star Wars : The Force Awakens .
Now , they are entering the upside down with Netflix Stranger Things .
Enjoy …
Bradford Hornsby is an editor , music writer , web producer , and pop culture blogger for Entercom stations in the San Francisco Bay Area . Find them on Twitter at @ bradfordhornsby .
Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner toured Jordan Catholic School in Rock Island Friday Afternoon just days after they gave their State of the State Address to the General Assembly .
Gov . Rauner toured a new technology classroom in the catholic school that opened last month to students .
Rauner then gave a quick speech to students , took questions from kids and thanked teachers .
We sat down with them one-on-one after the tour was over and asked them everything from questions about property tax reform to their school scholarship program .
That scholarship program was introduced last month , it allows families to apply for privately donated money to go to the schools they choose .
The governor also said they want to see a property tax referendum , something they also addressed in their State of the State .
In the next couple of weeks they will turn over a budget to the General Assembly . In previous years , Rauner claims they turned over a balanced budget , but others like Politifact say they have n't proposed a balanced budget since he 's been in office .
Rauner disputes those claims .
`` So far , the General Assembly has ignored what I recommended and passed out of balance budgets , '' Gov . Rauner said . `` Hopefully this year that wo n't happen , they 'll accept what I 'm recommending and if they 've got a counterproposal , I 'm eager to do it . I want to get something done on a bipartisan basis , so it is truly balanced . Then , I hope we can reduce the tax burden in the future . ''
The governor will face off against State Rep. Jeanne Ives in the March 20th republican primary . Six democrats are also running for the democratic seat .
The 47-year-old musician is currently in the Twin Cities to lead their Roots during Sunday 's live Super Bowl edition of The Tonight Show ( they 're the house band ) , and he 's also sprinkling in DJ gigs . One major problem : Questlove 's 88,000-song-deep MP3 collection was on the fritz Thursday -- mere hours before a DJ set !
See :
I.T . Nerds of Minneapolis ( well versed in retrieving lost mp3s in clouds ) and have ... oh some hour $ to $ pare ( starting NOW ) care to help a dude find their 88k mp3s BEFORE a DJ gig tomorrow ( including any @ AppleSupport cats ) I 'm a fair dude who will make it worth your while ! ! — Questlove Gomez ( @ questlove ) February 2 , 2018
Thankfully , @ solace was ready to cyber assist . After being alerted , the real-life Kyle Matteson -- Minneapolis IT guy by day , concert junkie by night -- shepherded Questlove through the tech weeds . We 'll spare you the wonkery , but Matteson helped salvage Questlove 's tunes with advice , links , and screen-shots . Eventually , the pair retreated into the privacy of DMs to resolve the issue , and Questlove emerged an hour later with good news .
See :
@ solace ftw ! ! ! ! You just helped Mn have a funky good time this weekend . Thank you to everyone for helping me — Questlove Gomez ( @ questlove ) February 2 , 2018
How , exactly , will Questlove make the saga worth Matteson 's time , as promised ? We hit up @ solace 's DMs , but he 's yet to respond * . This much we do know : It seems City Pages ' Best Tweeter now has Sunday plans involving Questlove .
See :
my pleasure . Thanks for being patient ! Glad it was relatively painless/fast . See you Sunday ! �� — kyle matteson ( @ solace ) February 2 , 2018
Does that mean Super Bowl tickets ? Tonight Show tickets ? Some ultra-swag-y VIP event ? We 'll update this post as soon as @ solace hits us back . Thanks to Matteson 's Twitter heroics , you can catch Questlove 's Prince-honoring DJ set Friday night at the Dakota Jazz Club in downtown Minneapolis .
* Update : Matteson politely opted to keep their reward private .
I had not the slightest inkling about the danger that awaited me , as I left my Atonsu Kuwait residence to Amakom . The Grace Baptist Church at Amakom , Kumasi , where I worship , was organizing a clean-up exercise and I was eager to be part of that .
The day was Saturday , December 02 , 2017 , and I only carried with me the keys to my house and a handkerchief , and this , naturally was not unexpected , considering the sort of physical activity I was going to engage in .
My troubles began , as I inched closer – just few metres away from the church premises , to join the other volunteers for the exercise . There stood this lady , who kept yelling and making threatening gestures towards me .
“ What is it that you have dropped in the open drain ? ” they kept shouting . I initially thought , this was for some other person and not me . I found their behavior quite strange and bizarre .
Instinctively , I looked behind me and could not find anybody . That was when I realized , there might be something wrong , gathered myself and politely asked what my crime was .
They pointed to the drain and accused me of having dropped some goods and guess what – disposable cups into it . I profusely denied that and fortunately there was this gentleman , who was observing things from a distance .
They stood on the side of the truth – confirmed that I was innocent and that was how I escaped what could have been a cruel and nasty beating .
There are many people out there who might have gone through similar experience but were not as lucky as I was .
Innocent people are sometimes punched , kicked and given hefty slaps because of plain mischief – spurious claims and accusations of wrongdoing .
Others are spending time in prison – punished for crimes they never committed .
These are realities that everybody should appreciate and should guide how we treat people perceived to have acted badly .
We all could be victims of either mistaken identity or a plain frame up – conspiracy .
It is for this reason that I would want to strongly urge the National Commission for Civic Education ( NCCE ) and the media to do more to discourage mob injustice .
By Gifty Amofa
Source : GNA
A new vaccine is being developed against whooping cough , which causes 200,000 preventable deaths in children around the world each year .
Researchers in Southampton are leading the UK arm of a Europe-wide study to create a replacement for the current vaccine which does not offer lifelong protection and has become less effective over time .
The condition , also known as pertussis , is a highly contagious bacterial infection of the lungs and airways caused by a bacterium called Bordetella pertussis ( B. pertussis ) . It is spread through coughs and sneezes of someone with the infection .
It causes repeated coughing that can last for two to three months or more , and affects mainly babies under the age of six months - the group most vulnerable to severe and sometimes life-threatening respiratory and neurological complications which require hospital admission .
In the UK , 18 babies have died as a result of the infection since 2012 and it affects 16 million people worldwide every year .
Adults suffer a milder form of the disease but can still have an unpleasant cough for up to three months . The first symptoms are similar to those of a cold and intense coughing bouts start around a week later .
Professor Robert Read , director of the NIHR ( National Institute for Health Research ) Southampton Biomedical Research Centre , is leading the £2.3 million study to improve the vaccine testing and development .
It forms part of a wider £24 million European project , Periscope , funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the Innovative Medicines Initiative ( IMI ) , involving experts from 22 institutions across 11 countries .
At the NIHR Southampton Clinical Research Facility , clinicians will inoculate healthy volunteers with nose drops containing B. pertussis and monitor their immune responses before giving them an antibiotic to clear the infection .
Prof Read said : `` This study is part of a landmark European project that aims to develop a better vaccine against whooping cough as we know protection by the current vaccine seems to be much less effective than it was 15 years ago .
`` To do this we need to know more about the immune response generated against B. pertussis and what kind of immune response protects against whooping cough . ''
0
As someone who has not read Diana Gabaldon 's Outlander books ( I 'm a TV watcher only with this one ) , Season 3 as a whole was mostly an engrossing one . Though it was a struggle to have Jamie and Claire separated for so long , it made it all the more powerful when they were reunited . Jamie 's solo story worked a little better than Claire 's , since it was full of ( mostly ) Scottish stories , but Claire 's deeply emotional narrative was important to show why they and Jamie are meant to be together , and also allowed us to see Brianna learn the truth about their real father . Claire returned to the past fully prepared ( with a wonderful new waterproof outfit full of pockets and penicillin ) , except for the fact that you can never really prepare for life with Jamie Fraser — something is always brewing .
Some of that ultimately felt repetitive , as Claire and Jamie were reunited only to be torn apart again and again . One of the things that made parts of Season 2 so strong was the fact that the pair could work together ( like when they were in Paris ) , rather than being constantly put in a position of saving each other . Though some of the high-seas adventure story in this season was great fun — and led to one of the show 's best episodes with “ Uncharted ” — Outlander is never as good when our star-crossed lovers are kept apart . Especially when that 's something that happens over and over in just the final three episodes .
The series clearly had a lot of ground to cover ( actual decades ) in Season 3 , but it really felt rushed once it took off to Jamaica . The penultimate episode , “ The Bakra , ” was a messy one in the way it reintroduced not only Lord John Grey , Gellis , and the Campbells all at once , but it also shoehorned in a quick subplot about slavery , which found Claire freeing them newly bought slave in front of two other slaves who they then asked to take them back to the mansion . Like I said : messy .
The Lord John Grey plot worked fine — I had a feeling they would pop back up , and he 's a great foil for Black Jack Randall . Whereas Black Jack would always find a way to entrap Jamie and make their life miserable , Lord John is a liberator and a friend . But everything to do with Gellis felt extremely rushed . Who 's the new King of Scotland ? What 's with their blood obsession ? What was the deal with Jamaica 's answer to Craigh Na Dun ? Why would Gellis think Claire would want to stop them from fulfilling the prophecy ? Was that sacrifice that the Jamaicans did relate at all to the mystical pool or was it just coincidence ? Did anyone notice Archibald was murdered ? What happened to Mr. Willoughby and Margaret ?
The only moment in “ Eye of the Storm ” that did n't feel rushed , though , was Jamie talking Claire through their desire for them Just like in “ A . Malcolm , ” Outlander slowed down and allowed those two to just have a moment together . Jamie and Claire make a great team , in many different ways , but Season 3 did n't always allow them to be . It may be an inherent trait of the book series to have Claire and Jamie always moments away from peril ( and how many more warrants for their arrest can Jamie have on him ? Many more , I 'm sure … ) , but the show is at its best when it allows its characters to actually talk and have quiet moments , rather than always running from one calamity to the next . The adventure scenes are fun , but they become hollow plot points without enough of those strong character moments to ground it ( like Willoughby telling their story , or Claire and Jamie looking at pictures of Brianna , or even those moments that Jamie shared with their comrades before their execution ) .
Week to week , Outlander remained one of the best escapist dramas of the year , but these final two episodes have put a little bit of a damper on its overall effect . There were many things that were n't necessarily great in Season 3 — the American accents in the 60s , a not fully convincing chemistry between Fergus and Marsali , a lot of the Jamaica subplots , the return of Gellis , Jamie 's story with Geneva , and more — but the show 's gorgeous filming locations , costuming , score , and its central relationship between Jamie and Claire go far in balancing out those narrative blips .
I suppose we can all be thankful , ultimately , that Young Ian has been collected back into Jamie 's care , and that though Claire washed up on another sandy shore nearly dead , she 's also back with Jamie . I have peeked into the future of where Outlander 's story goes , and seen that it spends most of its time in America from here on out . One of the things that first made Outlander such an easy series to get swept up in was its exploration of a particularly fiery ( and then tragic ) moment in Scottish history , and the way it made sure that Scottishness was integral to the show . The excursion to Jamaica was one thing , but to move the story now to colonial America makes it feel far from home in so many ways . But as long as Jamie and Claire are together — and allowed to really be together — perhaps it does n't matter where they land .
By Rafieka Williams
While Michael Flynn has resigned as national security adviser of the USA over their contact with Russian officials , another senior Trump advisor has been in the spotlight for their seemingly inconsistent statements about the Trump administration .
Yesterday it was reported the National Security Advisor to Donald Trump , Michael Flynn had resigned from their position . Flynn resigned because they misled officials about the conversations that they had with Russia 's ambassador to the US before Donald Trump 's inauguration .
Flynn 's resignation followed reports that the Department of Justice warned Trump about their compromised position .
In an interview on Drivetime on Tuesday , former US diplomat , J Brooks Spector , now an associate editor for the Daily Maverick , cited Flynn 's management style as a problematic and characteristic that led to them being removed from previous positions and now their resignation .
Spector said that Flynn 's insubordination had compromised the idea that the Trump administration would be well managed , organized and competent .
“ The Trump administration may very well rebound from this or they may not , they may discover that everything is more complicated than they thought , everything is harder… ( and that ) there is a congress that needs to be dealt with . ”
Meanwhile Stephen Miller has defended the President 's appeal against the Judiciary 's suspension of the travel ban against Muslim people as well as other contentious executive orders .
According to Spector , the Trump administration needs to be reminded that , “ no act by the chief executive is unreviewable by the courts . ”
Commenting on the remarks by Miller , Spector said that the USA is a constitutional State as opposed to a Parliamentary state and therefore the judiciary has the power to revoke an order which goes against the constitution .
The full interview can be downloaded here : http : //iono.fm/e/386662
VOC
Comments
comments
Actor Brigitte Nielsen , 54 , is expecting their fifth child .
Best-known for their roles in the 1980s movies Red Sonja , Rocky IV and Beverly Hills Cop II , Nielsen posted images of their very pregnant belly to their social media accounts this week .
READ MORE : Roseanne Barr blames sleep aid Ambien for racist tweet , drugmaker replies with sharp retort
The latest photo , posted Wednesday , is below .
Nielsen , who was also a model before they went into acting , has been married five times . They are currently wed to Italian TV producer Mattia Dessì , and the pair has been together since 2006 . This will be their first child .
The Danish actor already has four sons : Julian Winding , 34 , Killian Marcus Nielsen , 28 , Douglas Aaron Meyer , 25 , and Raoul Ayrton Meyer Jr. , 23 .
READ MORE : Andrew Lincoln leaving ‘ The Walking Dead ' in Season 9
Nielsen was famously attached to rapper Flava Flav of hip-hop group Public Enemy in the early '00s , and the pair appeared on VH1 reality show The Surreal Life . Them most famous ex-husband is actor Sylvester Stallone .
It 's unclear if this was a natural conception or if Nielsen had the help of fertility aids . Aside from their social media messages , the actor has not publicly commented on the pregnancy .
The elections into the 23 local government areas of Kaduna state will still hold as scheduled on the 12th May , 2019 inspite of the inferno that occurred at the commission 's secretariate , the Chairman Kaduna State Independent Electoral Commission ( KADSIECOM ) Dr ( Mrs ) Saratu Binta Dikko-Audu has disclosed .
Although , the Chairman informed that some of the materials were destroyed in the inferno , they however stressed that , the remaining Electronic Voting Machine ( EVM ) will be adequate for the election . They also informed that the Smart Card Readers ( SCR ) will not be used for the election as earlier advertised because the Independent National Electoral Commision ( INEC ) said it nowwo n't be able to make six thousand SCR available in view of preparations for the 2019 general elections .
Dr Dikko- Audu also informed that the Permanent Voters Cards ( PVCs ) will be used and verified through the voters register to be made available by the INEC . They stated this during an Emergency Meeting between the SIECOM management , and stakeholders including chairpeople and secretaries of political parties in the state . In their address , they said “ by God 's grace , elections will still hold as scheduled on May 12 , 2018 but as advertised that the elwction will be conducted with Smart Card Readers , and Electronic Voting Machine , we regret to inform you that but INEC has informed that they ca n't make the smart card readers available to us , hence we will not be using the card readers again for this election .
” We will use the Voters Register , Electronic voting machine and PVCs which will be verified through the voters register “ . On the inferno , they said , “ the commission lost a lot of materials on the second floor of the building due to the fire outbreak , we thank God no life was lost . “ We have taken stock of what we lost in the fire , we concluded that last night and are confident we have enough machines to conduct our elections .
“ We gathered you to know which way to go . Want to remind you that the nomination forms your candidates filled are intact , but however we lost the affidavit but we would give new forms for during the screening of candudates ” they informed . The chairperson also said that “ in view of that , the screening of candidates which was to commence on Tuesday April 24 , will now commence on Wednesday April 25 , with those who were billed for the first day , rescheduled for a day after the last set .
In assuring of transparency during the polls , they said that their machines will print summary sheet of the votes cast .
“ We appeal to your agents to be there till the end as all results for councillors will be announced at the ward levels while that of chairpeople will be announced at the local government headquarters .
” Meanwhile “ We have situation room in our offices and we are assuring you there is no way anybody can tamper with results .
“ We are going to use the voters register and PVC , and the electronic voting machine .
“ Once they have voted , they would leave the premises . Make sure you have agents so that the votes of your party are protected .
“ We want to appeal to you to encourage your members and supporters to be peaceful . Elections in democracy is about the choice of the people . Let us respect the rights of the people .
” We had earlier encouraged political parties to field credible candidates that the people will be comfortable with to avoid violence . Let 's give people right to choose who will govern them ” they further stated .
Earlier , State Chairman Labour Party ( LP ) who doubles as the Chairman Conference of Nigeria Political Party ( CNPP ) Hon . Umar Ibrahim Mairaqumu had asked for a postponement of the election , supported by Acting Secretary of the Progresive Congress ( APC ) Yahaya Baba Pate but it was turned down sighting legal provisions .
The Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) Secretary Ibrahim Aliyu Wusono on their part faulted why the smart card readers will not be used , again , the commission said , they could help it as it was the INEC decisions .
The Zinox Group , an integrated ICT solutions and Original Equipment Manufacturer , has acquiired Konga after several months of negotiations with major investors , Naspers and AB Kinnevik .
As part of the acquisition , Zinox Group would assume ownership of the e-commerce group which includes Konga.com , Nigeria 's largest online mall ; KongaPay , a CBN-licensed mobile money platform with over 100,000 subscribers as well as KOS-Express , a digitally-driven and world class logistics company .
Naspers , based in South Africa , is a broad-based multinational Internet and media group , offering services in more than 130 countries while AB Kinnevik , founded in 1936 , is a Swedish investment company investing primarily in digital consumer brands .
A statement by the company said through the acquisition , the Zinox Group would expand its operations into e-commerce , an industry it pioneered in Nigeria with the launch of BuyRightAfrica.com , which was challenged by the absence of credit card and e-payment infrastructure when it was launched over 12 years ago .
According to the group , the acquisition has passed all regulatory approvals by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The company said the acquisition was expected to create employment for over 5,000 Nigerians , both at home and in the Diaspora within a short period .
According to the Head of Corporate Communications , Zinox Group , Gideon Ayogu , the decision to invest in Konga was an easy one for the organisation .
“ We have always had an interest in Konga and another big one you know very well but our priority was Konga first because of the integrated nature of the four quality companies in one , ” they said .
“ Konga is a world-class , professionally-run company whose landmark strides in the sector have gone a long way in ushering millions of Nigerians into the ease and convenience of online shopping while boosting the conduct of e-commerce in the country . Konga 's integrity is their pride . ”
“ Today , many Nigerians can attribute their first experience of e-commerce to Konga.com and we are excited to be a part of this remarkable story . Many shoppers can also attest to the speed and efficiency in delivery that characterizes KOS-Express , the company 's logistics arm , which is arguably the best in the sector at the moment .
“ Our ambition is to up the tempo by revolutionising e-commerce on the African continent , with Konga at the fore-front of this initiative . In addition to positioning the business on a path of profitability in the short term , our long term plans are focused around seeing Konga well established in other African capitals .
Furthermore , we will be unveiling a lot of new initiatives soon and we advise shoppers and merchants alike to look out for these innovations which will radically reshape the average customer experience of e-commerce in Nigeria and on the continent and put more money in their pockets , ” they noted .
Konga was founded in 2012 by by Sim Shagaya and raised a $ 3.5m seed round from AB Kinnevik in the same year which allowed to expand its merchandise category . In early 2013 , Konga raised another $ 10m series A funding from AB Kinnevik and Naspers and in the late 2013 , it finalised a $ 25m series B funding from the two investors .
WASHINGTON , Feb 15 : U.S. consumer prices recorded their biggest increase in nearly four years in January as households paid more for gasoline and other goods , suggesting inflation pressures could be picking up .
The Labor Department said on Wednesday its Consumer Price Index jumped 0.6 per cent last month after gaining 0.3 per cent in December . January 's increase in the CPI was the largest since February 2013 .
In the 12 months through January , the CPI increased 2.5 per cent , the biggest year-on-year gain since March 2012 .
The CPI rose 2.1 per cent in the year to December .
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast the CPI rising 0.3 per cent last month and advancing 2.4 per cent from a year ago .
Inflation is trending higher than prices for energy goods and other commodities rebound as global demand picks up .
The so-called core CPI , which strips out food and energy costs , rose 0.3 per cent last month after increasing 0.2 per cent in December . That lifted the year-on-year core CPI increase to 2.3 per cent in January from December 's 2.2 per cent increase .
The Fed has a 2 per cent inflation target and tracks an inflation measure which is currently at 1.7 per cent .
Gradually firming inflation and a tightening labour market could allow the Fed to raise interest rates at least twice this year .
Fed Chair Janet Yellen told lawmakers on Tuesday that `` waiting too long to remove accommodation would be unwise . ''
The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year . The Fed hiked its overnight interest rate last December by 25 basis points to a range of 0.50 per cent to 0.75 per cent .
Last month , gasoline prices surged 7.8 per cent , accounting for nearly half of the rise in the CPI . That followed a 2.4 per cent increase in December .
Food prices edged up 0.1 per cent after being unchanged for six straight months .
The cost of food consumed at home was unchanged after dropping for eight consecutive months .
Within the core CPI basket , rents increased 0.3 per cent last month after a similar gain in December .
Owners ' equivalent rent of primary residence gained 0.2 per cent in January after increasing 0.3 per cent the prior month .
The cost of medical care rose 0.2 per cent , with the prices for hospital services and prescription medicine both increasing 0.3 per cent . Motor vehicle prices shot up 0.9 per cent , the largest rise since November 2009 .
( Reporting by Lucia Mutikani ; Editing by Andrea Ricci )
( ( Lucia.Mutikani @ thomsonreuters.com ; 1 202 898 8315 ; Reuters
Messaging : lucia.mutikani.thomsonreuters.com @ reuters.net ) )
SEE ALSO Billy Bush is trying to get back on TV Bush has kept a quiet profile since being fired from ...
Billy Bush 's comeback tour is n't going as well as planned .
The disgraced “ Today ” talent hoped a recent cover story in the Hollywood Reporter and sit-down with “ Good Morning America ” would jump-start their career .
“ He thought they were going to be welcomed back by the world after the TV segment [ with Robin Roberts ] , ” a source said . “ And the only thing you learned from the article and TV piece is that Billy wants to be on TV . They felt that taking seven or eight months off , he 'd slip their way back in , get some press and people would be beating down their door , and no one did . ”
Another source said , “ He wants to be a Ryan Seacrest type ” and was also angling for a gig at iHeartRadio or SiriusXM .
SEE ALSO Billy Bush is out at the 'Today ' show Billy Bush is no longer a part of NBC as ...
But a source close to Bush told us : “ This is absolutely not true . In fact , they have already fielded numerous interest and offers , [ the ] most recent being a fully cleared syndicated major show hitting this fall , which they have turned down . They are taking their time and making sure the next move is the right one . ”
Another insider figured : “ He 's a terrific broadcaster , but if you 're hiring him , it 's a liability right now . There 's a big , broad reason not to hire him , and there are n't a lot of options . He 'll land on their feet . It wo n't be tomorrow , or maybe not even this year , but they will . There simply are n't openings — and he 's not going to get Scott Pelley 's [ job ] . ”
Bush did not comment .
A Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) Chieftain in Edo State , Prince Musa Braimah , has applauded the Godwin Obaseki-led administration in Edo State , for its sterling performance in attracting investments to the state and restoring hope to the people .
Braimah said this during a chat with journalists in Benin City , Edo State capital .
According to him , “ Governor Obaseki has proven to be a governor who put the interest of the state ahead and above any other thing and has continued to make policies that benefit Edo people .
“ So far , based on my assessment , Governor Godwin Obaseki is doing well as they continue to record great strides in driving economic development and creating prosperity for the people . ”
Braimah urged members of the opposition political parties in the state to join hands with Obaseki to develop the state by providing constructive criticism , noting , “ All Obaseki needs now is the support of the people , including members of the opposition in the state , to enable them succeed with their plans to move the state forward . ”
They added that members of the opposition parties in the state should forget about the acrimony but rather join forces with the governor on developmental matters because “ every Edo person deserves a better deal and the governor is delivering on their promises . ”
On industrialisation of the state , the PDP Chieftain said , “ Based on visible facts on the ground , Governor Obaseki is making progress in moving the state in the right direction with their policies to transform the state into an economically viable state through their drive to attract foreign investors and opening up the state to the organised private sector to do business .
“ I have kept records of Obaseki 's plans to diversify the state 's economy . I must say they are doing creditably well . I urge them not to relent or be distracted as Edo need to be prepared for a future where crude oil-based economy will no longer be driving growth . ”
They added , “ Despite being a Chieftain of the PDP , I give the governor kudos because I am also an Edo person , who believes that the policies of the governor on agriculture and industrialisation are capable of transforming the state into an economic hub in the country . ”
BERLIN : German Chancellor Angela Merkel signalled on Saturday ( Feb 3 ) that they were prepared to consider changes to a widely criticised new law that aims to rid social media of hate speech .
The legislation , which came into force on Jan 1 , can impose fines of up to €50 million ( US $ 60.1 million ) on sites that fail to remove hate speech promptly , sparking concerns that Twitter , Facebook and other social media platforms could block more content than necessary .
`` Of course we 're now looking at what consequences this law has and what happens , and we 'll definitely evaluate it too , '' Merkel said in their weekly video podcast .
`` It might be the case that we need to make changes to it but the basic approach that we need rules is absolutely right and necessary , '' they said , without giving further details .
Germany has some of the world 's toughest laws covering defamation , public incitement to commit crimes and threats of violence , with prison sentences for Holocaust denial or inciting hatred against minorities . But few online cases are prosecuted .
Merkel said the internet was not a legal vacuum and the new law ensured that platform operators were responsible for the content that they disseminated .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Opposition parties have condemned the law , saying it was wrong for private companies to be making decisions about whether posts are unlawful .
Top-selling Bild newspaper has also called for it to be scrapped , saying it was stifling free speech and making martyrs out of anti-immigrant politicians whose posts are deleted .
In order to use Medscape , your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site .
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration . The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site .
The Chief Justice of Nigeria , Walter Onnoghen , has reiterated the role of judicial officers in the preservation of democratic principles in the country , descibing corrupt judges as a ‘ disaster ' .
According to a statement signed by their media assistant , Awassan Bassey , the CJN spoke at the 2018 refresher course for judges with the theme : ‘ Enhancing the Quality of Judicial Services ' . The programme was held at the National Judicial Council , Abuja on Monday .
The statement said Mr. Onnoghen condemned certain acts of corruption noted among judicial officers and highlighted efforts being taken to sanitise the sector .
“ Our nascent democracy has to be nurtured , consolidated and developed . Democracy in itself is nothing if the implication of the fundamental principles enshrined in the constitution of this nation can not be readily determined in constitutional adjudication by a judiciary manned by upright judicial officers . This is premised on the fact that , as the society depends on justice , those who are singularly advantaged to do justice to all manners of persons must ensure that they themselves are standing upright , far away from all manners of injustice .
“ The prestige of the Judiciary is indeed essential in the system of government such as ours in which the Judiciary functions independently . The behaviour of judges is , in the circumstance , closely scrutinised to guarantee continued confidence in the integrity of the courts . The combination of power , responsibility and humanity accounts for both the most exemplary and sometimes , the most regrettable judicial conduct . To this end , judges must exercise decorum in all their undertakings .
“ My Lords , Distinguished Ladies and Gentlemen , you will agree with me that a corrupt judge is not only a disgrace to the Bench and the noble profession , but also a disaster to the course of justice and the nation . I must not fail to emphasise here that my definition of corruption is not limited to bribe-taking , but includes the giving of judgements or orders based on any consideration other than legal merit , ” the statement said .
According to the statement , the CJN however denied any insinuation that the entire judicial sector was corrupt .
“ I must state categorically , however , lest I am accused of the fallacy of hasty generalisation , that the Judiciary in Nigeria is not corrupt or inefficient . It is an established fact that the Judiciary in Nigeria is as good as the best anywhere in the world . Only few judges are found wanting . ”
The statement further said Mr. Onnoghen expressed dissatisfaction with the remuneration of judicial workers at the state level , describing this as a major challenge .
“ My Lords , it is true that the Judiciary at the federal level enjoys full financial independence . Unfortunately , however , the same can not be said of the state judiciaries . The funding of the Judiciary is crucial as it is the most important index for assessing its independence .
“ The issue of adequate funding at the state level is one of the greatest challenges confronting the Judiciary of this nation . It is imperative that the applicable provisions of the 1999 Constitution be duly amended to solve problems of State judiciaries . It is my hope that within the limits of our limited resources , the judiciary will continuously strive to achieve its constitutional mandate ” .
HONG KONG : Hong Kong police are struggling to deal with digital pump-and-dump schemes targeting brokerages : a little-known type of computer-generated fraud that surged in the Chinese territory last year .
Although the money involved was small - only about US $ 20 million worth of shares - there were 81 such incidents reported in 2016 , more than triple the number in 2015 , according to police .
In the scheme , criminals invest in thinly traded penny stocks and then manipulate their share prices by ordering trades from hacked brokerage accounts . They earn profits by selling before the fraudulent trades are reported .
After last year 's cyber-heist of US $ 81 million at Bangladesh 's central bank and a series of hacks of ATM 's around the world , authorities fear such pump-and-dump schemes could be increasingly used for electronic theft .
Hong Kong is a favoured place for such attacks because of the number of thinly-traded penny stocks in the territory and because its securities industry has fallen behind other financial centers in defending against cyber fraud .
At least seven brokers and eight banks have been targeted in Hong Kong , including HSBC Holdings Plc and Bank of China International ( BOCI ) Securities , according to regulators and people familiar with confidential investigations .
A spokesperson for HSBC declined to comment .
A spokesperson for BOCI Securities said they could not comment on its case but the brokerage would continue to invest in IT security .
`` If you ask regulators in the industry what is the number one threat , not surprisingly it 's all about cyberattacks , '' Ashley Alder , CEO of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission ( SFC ) and chairperson of the International Organization of Securities Commissions , said in a speech to the local legislature last week .
`` We 've seen that happen not only in banking but also at brokers in Hong Kong , in particular recent attacks to do with basically hijacking share trading accounts . ''
Such schemes surfaced more than a decade ago in the United States . Charles Schwab Corp , E * Trade Financial Corp and JP Morgan Chase & Co. were identified as victims of these schemes in a 2006 complaint filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The pace of attacks reported in the United States has slowed in recent years after big brokerages implemented a variety of strategies to thwart the hacks , said John Reed Stark , a former chief of the Securities and Exchange Commission 's ( SEC ) Office of Internet Enforcement .
Some use algorithms to identify and halt unusual trading activity , others scrutinise Internet traffic for orders coming from suspicious servers and one stopped permitting customers to use its online trading platform from buying penny stocks , said Stark , who now runs cyber-security consulting firm John Reed Stark Consulting LLC .
But such protections are rare in Hong Kong , where the government has only recently started suggesting security improvements to banks and brokerages which have traditionally considered stock trading to be low-risk .
TWO-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION
The Hong Kong SFC last year told firms to increase surveillance of client transactions and data protection .
Authorities believe that hackers accessed brokerage accounts using stolen or guessed passwords , according to investigators . This might have been thwarted if they were protected with two-factor authentication , the Hong Kong Monetary Authority has said .
Two-factor authentication typically includes a password and a piece of information only the user has , for instance an electronic token with changing numbers .
`` Hong Kong is being targeted because they have not instituted the same cyber protections that we see in the U.S. and certain parts of Europe , '' said Jeff Cramer , a former U.S. prosecutor .
Cramer , who is managing director with cyber-security investigations firm Berkeley Research Group , said they expect to see more attacks in Hong Kong and perhaps other Asian nations , including China , Japan and South Korea that are also behind in cybersecurity .
FIGHTING BACK
Such pump and dump cases have proven tough to crack in the United States because the masterminds are typically overseas , using surrogates and pseudonyms to make investments .
Brokerages are typically not required to go public when they are hacked , so cases often only surface when the government files a complaint against suspected cyber criminals , or the hack results in litigation .
The attack involving BOCI Securities year became public after it was sued by a customer that claimed its account was breached .
Trading firm Fast Track Holdings Limited alleged in court documents that somebody hacked into its brokerage account on the afternoon of September 23 using a valid user ID and password . Within 18 minutes , the intruder had emptied the account by spending HKUS $ 38 million to buy 49 million shares of thinly traded Pa Shun Pharmaceutical , according to Fast Track .
The stock soared more than 30 percent after the purchase , which was made at a 36 percent premium to the previous day 's closing price , Reuters data shows .
BOCI alerted Fast Track of the suspicious activity an hour later , but it has said in court documents it should not be held financially responsible , saying it found no evidence its systems had been compromised .
Peter Pang , Pa Shun 's CFO , told Reuters the management `` would keep an eye to the incident and report to the regulators and the public when necessary '' .
One person familiar with the case said Fast Track 's management believes the incident was a pump and dump scam and that Pa Shun was targeted because it is thinly-traded , but it remained unclear who was responsible .
Fast Track 's directors did not respond to requests for comment .
( Additional reporting by Jim Finkle in Boston and Jessica Yu , Katy Wong and Donny Kwok in Hong Kong ; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan )
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) on Friday suspended Brazil 's national Olympics committee head after their arrest for allegedly arranging more than US $ 2 million ( 1.53 million pounds ) in bribes to get the IOC to pick Rio de Janeiro to host the 2016 games .
ZURICH : Brazil 's national Olympic committee ( COB ) and its head Carlos Nuzman were provisionally suspended by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) on Friday , one day after the 75-year-old was arrested in Rio de Janeiro .
However , the IOC said in a statement that Brazilian athletes would not be affected and would be able to take part at next year 's Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang .
Nuzman , an IOC honorary member , is accused of arranging more than US $ 2 million ( 1.53 million pounds ) in bribes to get the IOC to pick Rio de Janeiro as host of the 2016 Olympic games and faces allegations including corruption and money-laundering .
The IOC said it had `` taken note and discussed the circumstances of the allegations against and the arrest of Mr Carlos Nuzman , in particular concerning the vote for the host city of the Olympic Games by the IOC Session in 2009 '' .
It said Nuzman would provisionally lose all the `` the rights , prerogatives and functions '' deriving from their IOC status and that they would be withdrawn from the coordination commission for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo .
The COB was suspended because it was responsible for Rio 's bid to stage the games , the IOC said . As a result ,
Advertisement
Advertisement
subsidies and payments from the IOC have been frozen .
`` This decision shall not affect the Brazilian athletes , '' it added . `` The IOC will accept a Brazilian Olympic Team in the Olympic Winter Games Pyeongchang 2018 and in all other competitions under the umbrella of the COB with all rights and obligations . ''
The COB in Rio de Janeiro said it did not immediately have any comment to make when contacted by Reuters .
Nelio Machado , a lawyer for Nuzman , told reporters on Thursday that the vote-buying accusations were unfounded .
Brazilian police first raided Nuzman 's home in September and accused them of paying a US $ 2 million bribe to the son of Lamine Diack , a former IOC member from Senegal . Both Diack and their son have denied the allegations .
Marcelo Bretas , the federal judge who authorised the arrests , said Thursday that new evidence indicated that Nuzman 's role in the alleged vote-buying scheme was “ more relevant ” than previously thought .
( Reporting by John Miller in Zurich and Pedro Fonseca in Rio de Janeiro , ; Writing by Brian Homewood , editing by Ed Osmond )
They know for sure that they want White Josh ( David Hull ) , who is still reeling from their breakup with Darryl , to leave West Covina for a bit — they ultimately decide they will venture to Mexico as part of Habitat for Humanity — and they want them to fill their love void by getting a dog . But what kind ?
WARSAW : Poland 's media regulator has slapped a 1.5 million zloty ( £310,805 ) fine on leading news broadcaster TVN24 over its coverage of protests in parliament last year , prompting accusations that it aims to muzzle free media .
Critics said the KRRiT media watchdog had punished the U.S.-owned broadcaster in an effort to mute its criticism of the ruling Law and Justice ( PiS ) party amid speculation the Polish state may take over TVN24 .
Earlier this year Polish tax authorities demanded that TVN , TVN24 's parent company , pay an allegedly unpaid 110 million zloty tax , claiming irregularities in a transaction when the group took over a rival in 2012 . TVN is challenging the order .
`` After a proceeding regarding the method of coverage of events in parliament on Dec. 16-18 ( last year ) , KRRiT concluded that TVN SA , broadcaster of the TVN24 programme , infringed ... a law by promoting illegal activities and encouraging behaviour that threatens security , '' KRRiT said in a statement on Monday .
The media regulator did not spell out precisely how TVN24 , the most widely watched independent broadcaster in Poland , had allegedly infringed the law in covering the protests .
TVN24 , in a statement issued by its press office , said it strongly disagreed with the regulator 's decision and would appeal against it in Polish courts .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` It is very disturbing that for reporting these types of events - the parliamentary crisis and society 's response to it - one of the TV ( stations ) faces negative consequences , '' said Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights lawyer Dorota Glowacka .
`` It may be perceived as a certain warning signal for other media that would like to report independently some events that are uncomfortable from the point of view of the ruling party . ''
Polish media extensively covered last year 's protests in parliament including a blockade of the rostrum by opposition leaders after PiS imposed curbs on media access to the legislature .
Since winning election in late 2015 , the PiS has been increasingly at loggerheads with the European Union over immigration quotas for EU member states and its placing of courts and media under increased state control .
( Reporting by Marcin Goclowski ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
What We 're Following ~ Stories of interest from around the Web
Search for : Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006
Share Share +1 Shares 4
Police are appealing for information after a collision near Pateley Bridge between a car and a motorcycle .
The collision occurred on Thursday 6 April at about 6.50pm on the B6265 road just outside Pateley Bridge , at the entrance to Harefield Hall . It involved a black Citroen C2 car and a Rieju Marathon 1 motorcycle .
The rider suffered injuries that required hospital treatment .
Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Gary Anderson at Pateley Bridge Police Station . Please dial 101 and select option 2 , or email gary.anderson @ northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk , quoting reference number 12170061931 .
Outspoken chairperson Gary Coxall has made the astonishing claim that Toto Nsiala no longer wanted to play for Hartlepool United .
Taking to social media the Pools chief answered fan questions on the deal , which saw the DR Congo international , only signed from Grimsby Town in the summer , leave for Shrewsbury .
So you would keep a player who does n't want to play for your club ?
And Coxall made a remarkable statement suggesting Nsiala , who was part of the Pools side who edged to a narrow , but deserved , home win over Morecambe on Friday night , was unhappy at the Northern Gas & Power Stadium .
When replying to a fan stating that a rumoured £25,000 fee for Nsiala was pathetic , if the player wanted to leave or not , Coxall said : “ So you would keep a player who does n't want to play for your club you support and pay to watch then ? ! ”
Batting back the claims that £25k was the fee received , they added : “ Amount incorrect also . ”
Among their many other comments and replies the chairperson also revealed that any money generated from the sale of Nsiala would remain within the club , to be spent by the club .
And they denied any idea that this was a fire sale , especially with recent question marks over Pools ' financial situation , given that they have had two confirmed winding up order petitions against their name in the last year due to unpaid tax bills .
Another interesting comment from the director was that they would not allow every player to depart , even if they wanted to .
They say the Nsiala situation would not always apply , especially if it were one of Craig Hignett 's crown jewels , such as Trevor Carson or Nathan Thomas .
When asked by fan Chris Ranson whether “ Thomas and Carson say they want to leave we let them leave that easy ? ” Coxall replied : “ Nope . Different characters totally . ”
Elaborating on Northern Irishman Carson , they said : “ Best keeper outside of the Premier League . Not a chance Trev is going anywhere ! ”
EPL 2016/17 : Diego Costa credits Antonio Conte for their transformation
Many have attributed Conte for toning down Costa 's aggression and bringing about the change .
@ whynotkundu by Sagnik Kundu News 02 Jan 2017 , 12:04 IST
Diego Costa is the current top-scorer in the league with 14 goals
What 's the story ?
Diego Costa has been the man in form for Chelsea as the Londoners have managed to stitch together 13 back-to-back wins in the Premier League . After a dismal performance in the previous season the Brazil-born Spain forward has been a revelation this season and Costa has credited new manager Antonio Conte for their resurgence .
According to Express , Costa said , “ I wanted to go . I was about to leave . There were family reasons for wanting to go back to Atletico Madrid , but it was n't to be and now I 'm happy here . And I 'm content .
“ The people at Chelsea love me a lot and the manager , Antonio Conte , told me they counted on me . They are someone we can talk to , somebody whose support we can count on . They are calm with the players . They are not just a boss but a person too and you can see that people love him . ”
In case you did n't know ...
Costa has appeared to be a changed man this season . While last season they were all about goading the opposition defence , this season they have directed all their energy towards scoring goals and finding the back of the net .
They have already scored 14 goals halfway into the season whereas last season they managed 12 in all matches . Costa returned from suspension earlier this week against Stoke and inevitable scored the fourth goal for their team as Chelsea extended their winning streak .
However , fresh rumours and speculation have not left Costa 's side as of yet with reports suggesting that a massive bid for the striker is incoming from the cash-rich Chinese Super League .
The heart of the matter
Under Conte , Chelsea have seemed an altogether different side . They are perched right on top of the league table and have an unassuming lead of six points over second-placed Liverpool and Costa has been one of the integral members of Conte 's side .
While many have attributed Conte for toning down the striker 's aggression and bringing about a change that no one believed was possible , Costa themselves should be praised for the transformation .
“ The team has changed from last year , not just me . But I was n't the player I should have been because there were various issues . Now things are changed and we are a real team . If you work hard and there is not a good atmosphere , the work does n't mean a thing especially if there is no spirit . But work goes well if you give your best with the colleagues beside you , ” the 28-year-old forward said .
`` I knew I had to get better because it seemed so many were against me , ” they said . “ There is no other way because , if they are not going to change , I had to . ”
What 's next ?
Chelsea face high-flying Tottenham on Wednesday in a busy Premier League schedule . They have the chance to equal Arsenal 's record for most consecutive wins in the Premier League . It is a chance that the Blues will not be willing to let go and they will be looking up to Costa yet again for some inspiration up-front .
Sportskeeda 's take
Costa 's disciplinary indiscretions over the course of their career had put them on several altercations with the authorities . However , their goals this season are testament to the fact that they are one of the most dangerous strikers around .
Last season the Chelsea vs Tottenham match was pumped full of aggression , something that Costa of old would have fancied . Not so much this time around .
As far as I 'm concerned , there can never be enough reality television like The Bachelor , even though it rarely has anything to do with reality and is often totally cringeworthy . On Tuesday , ABC announced that The Bachelor creators have a new dating series in the works called The Proposal that 's premiering this summer . And it includes everything good , bad , and ugly about the popular dating show franchise .
Mike Fleiss , the creative genius behind The Bachelor , seems to have really outdone themselves this time . The dating competition will be hosted by former NFL quarterback and Season 5 Bachelor Jesse Palmer , according to a press release from the network . Each episode will be an hour-long and take a `` pageant-style '' format , with each of the 10 eligible daters competing for a mystery suitor .
Or `` suitress , '' ABC confusingly offers , since it 's not clear what the gender identity or sexual orientation of either the contestants or mystery suitor are . That sort of thing should matter when you 're talking about everlasting love , but I 'm sure the creators have it all figured out . Let 's hope so , at least . Either way , they do n't get to meet this mystery person until the very last episode .
Each round of the pageant consists of contestants showing off their talents , competing in a beachwear round ( of course there 's a beachwear round ) , answering the mystery suitor 's questions , and trying to impress the mystery suitor 's `` most trusted family member , '' according to ABC .
After each round , daters will be eliminated until there are only two left to meet the mystery suitor in a `` dramatic and highly anticipated reveal , '' ABC explained in the press release for the show . They 'll each make a romantic proposal and hope that the mystery suitor picks them .
Just in case you were worried that this new dating show would eliminate other summer faves like The Bachelorette and Bachelor In Paradise , calm the heck down . According to a tweet from Fleiss himself , those shows are airing , too , so expect Bachelor Nation Twitter to be lit this summer .
Palmer was The Bachelor back in 2004 , in case you 're new here . They did n't propose to their finalist , Jessica Bowlin , though they did date for a little bit before breaking up . Since then , Palmer 's been a sports broadcaster and a host on DailyMail TV . Hopefully , the contestants on their show will be more inclined to pop a romantic question at the end of the season than they are , given that it 's the entire premise of the show .
Or despite the fact that it 's a totally unrealistic expectation for two people to fall in love without actually knowing each other at all beforehand . But this is the kind of content reality TV viewers live for . Well , maybe . Some people on social media were n't convinced that this show will have the same kind of success as The Bachelor when it first aired .
People Were n't Exactly Optimistic
Rob Mills , SVP , Alternative Series , Specials and Late Night at ABC told Us Weekly , `` No one other than Mike Fleiss could come up with a dating show in the form of a pageant . Viewers are going to love this show — it 's all part of the same DNA as The Bachelor franchise . Very excited about this summer . ''
For better or worse , Fleiss does seem to come up with addictive television premises , even if they can be problematic in many ways . One common criticism of The Bachelor and its spin-offs are that they 're steeped in heteronormative gender traditions .
A beauty pageant style mystery dating show does n't exactly seem like it will be any different . But who knows , maybe Fleiss and their co-creators suddenly became woke and will surprise everyone . Or not . In either case , I 'll probably be watching .
Check out Romper 's new video series , Bearing The Motherload , where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support ( and not judge ) each other 's parenting perspectives . New episodes air Mondays on Facebook .
LONDON : Ryanair pilots in Dublin have voted for strike action , the airline confirmed on Monday ( Dec 11 ) , the latest in a succession of staffing woes for the no-frills carrier .
The unspecified industrial action was backed by less than 28 per cent of around 300 pilots based in the Irish capital for Ryanair , the airline told AFP .
Ryanair added that it had not received formal notification of a strike , and no date for the walkout has been announced .
Although the airline has around 300 pilots based in Dublin , Irish broadcaster RTE said the strike ballot was issued to the 84 pilots directly employed by Ryanair .
A significant number of Ryanair pilots are employed indirectly through other companies .
Of those directly employed by the airline , most voted in favour of a strike action over employment rights , according to RTE .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The move comes less than a week after Ryanair pilots and flight attendants in Italy announced a four-hour strike for Dec 15 .
Cabin crew and pilots threw their support behind a strike after the airline declined to open negotiations over labour contracts , the ANPAC union told AFP on Wednesday .
The planned industrial action comes after Ryanair said in September that it had to cancel 20,000 flights until March because of pilot scheduling problems .
Air traffic control delays and weather disruption also contributed to the cancellations .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Despite such difficulties , Ryanair said last month it still expected to deliver annual profit after tax of €1.4 billion to €1.45 billion ( US $ 1.65 billion and US $ 1.71 billion ) .
The Orthopaedic & Sports Medicine Center ( OSM ) of Trumbull is accepting applications for a $ 2,000 scholarship and several additional scholarships . The scholarship is open to high school athletes planning to attend college in the fall of 2018 .
The scholarship is open to students at Bassick , Bunnell , Central , Fairfield Ludlowe , Fairfield Warde , Masuk , Notre Dame , St. Joseph , Stratford , Trumbull , and Warren Harding .
For an application , visit osmcenter.com . Applications must be submitted by Friday , May 11 , 2018 to Kate Nadler , Sports Medicine Coordinator , at The Orthopaedic & Sports Medicine Center , 888 White Plains Rd. , Trumbull , CT 06611 . OSM will select winners June 2018 .
MEXICO CITY : A Mexican federal police officer who captured drug lord Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman in northwest Mexico last year was moved for their own safety to a posting at the Mexican embassy in Washington , DC , according to two Mexican law enforcement sources .
Nicolas Gonzalez was a senior federal police officer in the northwestern state of Sinaloa during the January 2016 capture of Guzman , the sources said . Gonzalez is now Mexico 's law enforcement emissary in Washington , according to the sources and the Mexican foreign ministry website .
Currently awaiting trial in New York after being deported to the United States , Guzman was re-captured in the Sinaloa town of Los Mochis . The kingpin , who ran the feared Sinaloa drug cartel , had been on the run after infamously escaping through a tunnel from their high-security jail in 2015 .
During the navy-led operation to detain Guzman , the drug lord and their henchman evaded the marines by escaping via the sewer . However , after stealing a car , they were stopped by federal police who had been tasked with blocking roads out of Los Mochis and were unaware of the navy 's hunt , the sources said .
The police officers who inadvertently stopped Guzman , for speeding and driving in a stolen car , phoned Gonzalez , who took over custody of Guzman at the motel where they were being held .
Gonzalez was unwilling to hand their prized charge to the navy , the sources said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
As such , the capture of Guzman after escaping the navy was a big victory for the federal police and brought Gonzalez into the spotlight .
Gonzalez 's quiet transfer to Washington last year was portrayed as a promotion , but was mainly due to fears for the safety of them and their family , the two sources said .
Violence in Sinaloa has jumped since Guzman 's detention , as tensions within the cartel and incursions from other criminal gangs have sparked a sharp rise in killings .
Gonzalez could not immediately be reached for comment , and the foreign ministry referred questions to the National Security Commission , which did not immediately reply to requests for comment .
Guzman was transferred under heavy guard from their cell to a court in Brooklyn , New York , on Monday .
( Editing by Marcy Nicholson )
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder .
Minassian , 25 , made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit . They showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court .
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10 .
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he 's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack . Court documents identified them as : Sammantha Samson , Samantha Peart , Morgan McDougall , Mavis Justino , Catherine Riddell , Aleksandra Kozhevinikova , Amir Kiumarsi , Yunsheng Tian , Jun Seok Park , Amaresh Tesfamariam , Beverly Smith , Robert Anderson , and So Ra .
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian .
Minassian 's father , Vahe Minassian , was escorted out of the court by police officers .
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed .
A post shared by samantha ruth prabhu ( @ samantharuthprabhuofficiall ) on Oct 6 , 2017 at 11:21am PDT
A post shared by samantha ruth prabhu ( @ samantharuthprabhuofficiall ) on Oct 6 , 2017 at 10:51am PDT
😍😍😍 A post shared by samantha ruth prabhu ( @ samantharuthprabhuofficiall ) on Oct 6 , 2017 at 11:00am PDT
Waiting for @ Samanthaprabhu2 ❤️ joining the family this evening . pic.twitter.com/7Li77LzHKa — Nagarjuna Akkineni ( @ iamnagarjuna ) October 6 , 2017
I love you my forever ❤️❤️❤️ # chaysam A post shared by Samantha Ruth Prabhu ( @ samantharuthprabhuoffl ) on Oct 6 , 2017 at 7:29am PDT
# chaysam forever ❤️❤️❤️ A post shared by Samantha Ruth Prabhu ( @ samantharuthprabhuoffl ) on Oct 6 , 2017 at 7:30am PDT
One of the most awaited weddings of this year has finally happened . Samantha Ruth Prabhu and Naga Chaitanya tied the knot on Friday . The traditional Hindu ceremony took place in Goa in the presence of close friends and family members.Nagarjuna Akkineni , Naga Chaitanya 's father , took to Twitter to share the happiness . # chaisam happiness is now official ! ! `` , '' they wrote alongside two photographs of the happy couple.While Chaitanya looked handsome in a traditional kurta pyjama , Samantha looked ethereal in a golden sari . An elated Akkineni shared some more photographs of the newly-wed couple and wrote , `` Some more # chaisam happiness ! ! So beautiful . `` While a lot of small videos have surfaced on the internet from the Hindi ceremony , the couple is all set to say ' I do ' in a Christian ceremony today.Earlier on Friday , Akkineni also shared a family photograph featuring Amala Akkineni , Chaitanya , Akhil Akkineni alongside themselves and wrote that he 's waiting for Samantha to join the family soon.Samantha , who was excited about their big day , decided to share with fans some sneak peeks of their photoshoots . `` I love you my forever ❤️❤️❤️ # chaysam , '' they wrote alongside one of the photographs.There 's nothing like a happy bride and Samantha 's photos prove just that.The cupid came calling for Chaitanya and Samantha on the sets of 2009 romantic-drama Ye Maaya Chesave and ever since then , there 's been no looking back .
1:16 Making candy the old fashioned way - by hand - at Nash Farm leads to sweet reward Pause
1:46 Rangers owner thanks Arlington voters for approving ballpark funding
1:17 Video : Steer that escaped from butcher shop tracked down by cowboys , police in Weatherford
1:43 Texas Rangers choose HKS to build their new ballpark
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig 's arrest : See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
1:53 The Pastor at Babe 's Chicken Dinner House
2:20 Officer saves Texas Jack in the Box from burning truck in drive-thru
1:51 American Airlines flight attendants : `` Love AAfair is over ! ''
1:17 Boswell downs Denton in Bi-District playoff
Twitter Canada 's head of news and government Jennifer Hollett joins Global Calgary to discuss the top trends of 2016 .
ATHENS ( Reuters ) - Thousands of Greek workers went on strike on Wednesday to protest against years of belt-tightening and a new wave austerity measures that will kick in after the country 's third international bailout expires this summer .
Some flights were grounded , ships were unable to sail and public transport was disrupted in the one-day nationwide action organised by Greece 's largest labour unions , the private sector GSEE and its public sector counterpart ADEDY .
More than 10,000 striking workers , youths and pensioners marched to parliament around noon ( 1000 GMT ) , most of them waving flags of the Communist-affiliated group PAME . They held banners reading `` No ! '' and `` They have crushed our lives ! ''
`` They ( politicians ) have devoured us , '' shouted Yannis Vlachos , a municipal worker from the southern Peloponnesian city of Sparta , pointing their finger at parliament .
Since its debt crisis began eight years ago , Greece has received 260 billion euros ( $ 302 billion ) in bailout loans in exchange for implementing austerity measures such as public sector layoffs , tax hikes and pension cuts .
`` The government , which implements the same policies that have destroyed the people and the economy , is loading the back of workers and pensioners with new unbearable measures , '' GSEE said in a statement .
Greece 's largest carrier Aegean and Olympic Air cancelled three return flights and rescheduled 50 one-way flights , due to a three-hour stoppage by air traffic controllers . Buses and trolleybuses were operating on reduced hours .
State TV and private TV stations aired documentaries instead of news bulletins , as journalists also walked out .
Despite public opposition , Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras in 2015 signed up to Greece 's current international bailout , which is due to expire in August .
Tsipras ' leftist-led government last year caved into lenders ' demands for more pension cuts and tax hikes in 2019 and 2020 , but has promised to reinstate collective bargaining and increase the minimum wage in the post-bailout period . But workers warned of more protests .
`` It will be a new bailout which will be named something else , '' Grigoris Vafiadis , a culture ministry worker , said . `` These blows against the poor ... must end now . ''
( $ 1 = 0.8607 euros )
( Reporting by Phoebe Fronista and Renee Maltezou ; Editing by Raissa Kasolowsky and David Holmes )
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed .
Share :
It shocks you when you put your faith behind a politician , who promises to bring about a change , manages to awaken youth , build up a popular political party , with promises to restore rule of law , only to find out , that other than change of few faces , everything else remains same . Why should Imran Khan , insist that federal government , waive off the name of Zulfi Bokhari who faces criminal allegations from Blacklist/ECL , and allow them to accompany for performing Umrah on 27 Ramadan on chartered private executive jet ? If this be the change that Imran Khan proposes to bring about , than Allah Almighty have mercy on us . Why did the Caretaker Government allows this individual placed on a List to proceed for Umra ?
What choice does PTI offer when they give a ticket to former PPP Punjab President Raja Riaz to contest against Abid Sher Ali . It is a choice between devil and deep sea . Imagine octogenarian feudal from South Punjab who left PML ( N ) because they were not willing to accommodate their son accused of murdering their wife being given a ticket by PTI , or other controversial villain of “ My Feudal Lord ” being preferred over an honest young loyalist and that turncoat Khusro , who has created a record of sorts switching to any party holding power . These turncoats mostly are scions of former members of Unionist Party of Punjab , who opposed Quaid-e-Azam and independence movement , just because they were beneficiaries of allotment of lands and titles , and never wanted colonialists to end their occupation .
GULL Z ,
Peshawar , June 14 .
AMES , Iowa -- Iowa State guard Lindell Wigginton says they are withdrawing from consideration for the NBA draft and returning to school for their sophomore season .
Wigginton , who averaged 16.7 points and 2.8 assists a game as a first-year student , announced their plans on Wednesday .
Wigginton and fellow newcomer Cameron Lard gave the Cyclones a pair of young cornerstone players in what was a rebuilding season a year ago . Wigginton broke Iowa State 's record for points by a first-year student , topping 20 on 13 different occasions .
Though Wigginton had a strong initial season in Ames , they are n't expected to get drafted -- especially after playing mostly at shooting guard despite standing just 6-foot-2 .
Wanda Sykes , a consulting producer on “ Roseanne , ” says they will not be returning to the ABC show 's second revival season after star Roseanne Barr made an offensive comment about one of former President Barack Obama 's senior advisers .
Barr apologized on Tuesday for calling former White House aide Valerie Jarrett the offspring of the “ Muslim Brotherhood & Planet of the Apes ” in response to a social media conspiracy theory about Obama . Jarrett , an African-American , was born in Iran to American parents . When users said Barr 's since-deleted tweet appeared to be racist , they retorted , “ Muslims r NOT a race . ”
Muslims r NOT a race . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 29 , 2018
Barr quickly received backlash for what they allege was a “ joke. ” “ I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans . I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks . I should have known better . Forgive me — my joke was in bad taste , ” Barr wrote on Twitter . Barr also said they were leaving the social media platform .
I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans . I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks . I should have known better . Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 29 , 2018
I apologize . I am now leaving Twitter . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 29 , 2018
Immediately following the uproar surrounding Barr 's remarks , ABC pulled the plug on “ Roseanne ” ahead of the show 's second revival season and 11th overall .
Earlier in May , “ Roseanne ” co-showrunner Whitney Cummings announced they would be exiting the show after the first revival season . Cummings was an executive producer on the first revival season , along with series stars Barr and Sarah Gilbert as well as Tom Werner , Bruce Helford , and Tony Hernandez .
The first season revival of “ Roseanne ” consistently scored high ratings during the 2017-18 period . The sitcom averaged averaged a 5.0 rating in adults 18-49 , as well as 17.8 million viewers per episode . That makes it the second-highest rated scripted show this season , behind only “ This Is Us. ” It was the most-watched scripted show this season and second overall , behind only Sunday Night Football .
Related Analysis : 'Roseanne ' Without Roseanne Would 've Been a Tough Sell Trump Sounds Off on 'Roseanne ' Cancellation
Updated with ABC 's response at 10:47 a.m. PT .
RELATED VIDEO :
Two businesses in southeast Edmonton were heavily damaged early Wednesday morning after a truck crashed into them .
Police were called to a strip mall on 34th Avenue near 93rd Street around 4 a.m .
“ We received a phone call from security guards that were making their rounds in the area , ” Sgt . Jerrid Maze with the Edmonton Police Service 's southeast division said . “ They advised that there was major damage to one of the shopping complexes . ”
Police arrived to find the truck had been driven through two businesses in a strip mall : Sambol Sri Lankan Kitchen restaurant and VJ Jewellers .
Police believe the suspect was using the truck to try and gain access to the jewelry store , but all the merchandise had been locked up the night before so nothing was readily-available to be stolen .
Maze said more incidents like this are occurring .
“ People are becoming more brazen with their activities . A lot of them are n't towards people at this point early in the morning , as we see here , but a lot of it is an opportunity to take money or property , ” they said .
The truck — a dirty , dark-coloured Ford F-350 with major damage — was abandoned a short distance away . It 's believed it was stolen . Police are still searching for suspects .
The internet was convinced otherwise , as Reddit threads , tweets , and blogs breathlessly speculated that Young Thug -- the androgynously fantastic trap superstar from Atlanta -- could be heard rapping over a new track from Bon Iver , those indie-folk powerhouses from Wisconsin .
Now the good news : The rapper in question is Allan Kingdom ! The 24-year-old St. Paul MC confirmed as much via Twitter , prompting an update from The Fader magazine . The Kingdom-featuring song has been performed during Bon Iver 's recent live shows with TU Dance , a fearless , politically charged collaboration that wowed our critic last week at the Palace Theatre .
On this bootleg snippet recorded last month at Massachusetts museum MASS MoCA , Kingdom 's voice appears at about the 18-second mark :
We slid into Kingdom 's DMs to ask if , in fact , that 's them on the Bon Iver track , and why they think the internet got so confused .
`` Yup , '' they responded , `` and the confusion is 'cause of all tha click bait . ''
Follow-up , Mr. Kingdom : Do you think you sound like Young Thug ?
`` What type of question is that lolol , '' they typed back .
Fair enough !
Kingdom and Bon Iver mastermind Justin Vernon are both Kanye West collaborators , the former on West 's Grammy-nominated 2015 single `` All Day , '' the latter on Kanye albums My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy ( 2010 ) and Yeezus ( 2013 ) . You can -- and probably should -- revisit Yeezy wobbling and Justin dancin ' all nifty in this Francis & the Lights music video .
`` I love Justin the way Kanye loves Kanye , '' West informed BBC Radio 1 in 2016 , adding that the Eau Claire-born Vernon is their `` favorite living artist . ''
Things might not be as cool between Kingdom and West , however . As Ye mounted their triumphantly confusing return to Twitter this past week , Kingdom seems to have put them on blast :
Share some of dat All Day $ w a nigga den . https : //t.co/aL4wLSVE8t — Allan Kingdom ( @ ALLANKNGDM ) April 21 , 2018
Damn !
Anyway , stay tuned for addtional details about the forthcoming Kingdom-Bon Iver track .
Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State has directed the demolition of all privately-owned houses sited within the perimeter fencing of the Asaba International Airport .
The governor gave the directive on Tuesday while inspecting the ongoing resurfacing of the airport runway and other ancillary work to ensure the contractors delivered as promised in May .
They said any building within the perimeter fencing that had relevant documents would be paid compensation , adding that the focus was to ensure safety at the airport .
“ We need to determine the perimeter of the airport to know where our land ends .
“ We need to look at the buildings close to the airport if they have relevant approvals and if they have no relevant approvals , the buildings will go down .
“ I have asked the Commissioner for Lands and Survey to take inventories for us to take necessary actions .
“ If the owners of the buildings have relevant documents , they will be compensated because , what is foremost on our mind is safety , ” Mr Okowa said .
He , however , lauded the level of work done at the airport , adding that the contractor was working hard to beat the five weeks deadline for the reopening of the airport for commercial activities .
“ The contractor is right on course and they will deliver before the deadline .
“ We are concentrating on the runway which must be of international standards , and we are confident that we will get one of the best in the country .
“ I am happy with the pace of work , ” they said .
The Project Manager , Setraco Nigeria Limited , Jihad Yaghi , thanked the governor for encouraging the company to speed up the delivery of the project .
They said that everybody was committed and working hard to ensure that the job was completed on schedule and according to specifications .
The Airport Special Project Director , Austin Ayemidejor , who took the governor and their team round the project site , assured that the contractor was working round the clock to deliver the project before the deadline and to specifications .
LONDON : The FIFA rankings state Switzerland are the sixth best soccer team in the world but Roger Federer said their `` lethargic '' countrymen got what they deserved at the World Cup after they were beaten 1-0 by Sweden in the Round of 16 .
Vladimir Petkovic 's men had been expected to emerge triumphant from Tuesday 's showdown with 24th-ranked Sweden in Russia , but a lack of cohesiveness on the pitch left Federer and their eight million fellow Swiss dejected after the final whistle .
Advertisement
`` I was disappointed yesterday . I expected more from the team , '' Federer , who has given Switzerland plenty to cheer about as they collected 20 Grand Slam titles over the past 15 years , told reporters at Wimbledon on Wednesday ( Jul 4 ) .
`` That 's the thing with knockout . You have to bring it like it was the finals every match , it 's 11 guys at the same time . It ca n't just be three guys , eight guys . It needs to be everybody at the same time doing the same thing .
`` I felt it 's an opportunity missed . We did n't create enough chances . We deserved what we got . ''
Beaten only once since Euro 2016 , Switzerland appeared to have enough talent to end Sweden 's surprise run in the tournament and reach the quarter-finals for the first time since 1954 but instead gave a soulless display in St Petersburg .
Advertisement
Advertisement
As Switzerland 's most famous sporting export , did Federer wish they could have given them a pep talk ?
`` Now the pep talk is too late anyway , '' said the 36-year-old , who is five wins away from claiming a record ninth Wimbledon title .
`` It 's important that they understand you 've got to bring the energy every single day . It 's throughout the year . It 's not just in the World Cup , last 16 or quarters . That 's why you need to bring it every single day .
`` When you step out on the pitch , or on the court in tennis , in practice , in the match , you have to always try to be able to perform as high as possible . Then it 's actually not a big deal to bring it also in a match like yesterday . ''
Federer 's disciplined training regime has helped them to prolong their career well into their 30s and as they approach their 37th birthday , they remain the man to beat at Wimbledon .
It is a doctrine they feel the country 's soccer team should follow .
`` What I know from knockout play throughout the course of my career is ( that ) you ca n't afford to come in lethargic , '' Federer said .
`` You just think it 's going to happen by itself , just because you play one good match the day before . You 're only as good as your next performance really . ''
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
West Ham United manager David Moyes is sensitive towards goalkeeper Joe Hart 's situation but adamant that their team selection is based purely on getting results for the club .
REUTERS : West Ham United manager David Moyes is sensitive towards goalkeeper Joe Hart 's situation but adamant that their team selection is based purely on getting results for the club .
Hart , who is on loan from Manchester City , was replaced by Adrian for West Ham 's defeat by the Premier League leaders this month and the Spaniard 's performance earned them a starting role in the shock 1-0 win over champions Chelsea .
Moyes looks likely to stick with Adrian for Wednesday 's game against Arsenal but a continued lack of first-team action will leave Hart in danger of losing out on a place in England 's World Cup squad .
`` I always have compassion for the players as well , that 's why it was n't an easy decision on Joe , '' Moyes told reporters . `` But , ultimately , it 's West Ham I have to get results for .
`` He was n't happy . I told them the reason why and that happens at clubs all over the country . It 's a manager 's job . When I came in , I said I will tell you straight , I would n't kid anybody . ''
West Ham are 18th in the table .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` Joe is incredibly experienced . World Cup , Champions League football , '' Moyes said .
`` So he 's such an important player for us ... they want to play but I 've got to do what 's best for West Ham , pick the players I think will get us a result . ''
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru , editing by Ed Osmond )
WASHINGTON : President Donald Trump will host Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House on Wednesday , their first meeting since the inauguration and one that promises to shape the contours of Middle East policy for the years ahead .
On the agenda are some of the region 's most volatile issues : the war in Syria , the Iran nuclear file and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , including Israel 's settlement-building on occupied land and whether a Palestinian state will ever emerge .
Netanyahu , under investigation at home over allegations of abuse of office , spent much of Tuesday huddled with senior advisers in Washington preparing for the talks . Officials said they wanted no gaps to emerge between U.S. and Israeli thinking during the scheduled two-hour Oval Office meeting .
Attention will also be paid to body language . While the two men have known each other since the 1980s , Trump has shown a tendency when meeting other leaders to throw them off balance with lengthy , domineering handshakes .
For Netanyahu , a conservative who has spent 11 years in power but never previously overlapped with a Republican president , the gathering is an opportunity to reset ties after a frequently combative relationship with Democrat Barack Obama .
Dennis Ross , an Iran specialist and a Middle East coordinator under President Bill Clinton , said both parties had a vested interest in a successful meeting .
`` It 's going to succeed in no small part because both President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu have a very big stake in wanting to demonstrate that whatever the problems were with the last administration , they are now gone , '' Ross said in a briefing organised by The Israel Project , an advocacy group . `` And that in no small part they were attributable to the last administration , meaning to President Obama . ''
Social media exchanges suggested a budding bromance between Netanyahu and Trump , who has pledged to be the `` best friend '' Israel has ever had in the White House . But the U.S. president has more recently tempered their pro-Israel stance .
COMMON GROUND ?
Trump , who has been in office less than four weeks and has already been immersed in problems including the forced resignation of their national security adviser , brings with them an unpredictability that Netanyahu 's staff hope will not impinge on the discussions .
During the election campaign , Trump was relentlessly pro-Israel in their rhetoric , promising to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , backing David Friedman , an ardent supporter of settlements , as their Israeli envoy and saying that they would not put pressure on Israel to negotiate with the Palestinians .
That tune , which was music to Netanyahu 's ears and to the increasingly restive right-wing within their coalition , has since changed , making Wednesday 's talks critical for clarity .
Trump appears to have put the embassy move on the backburner , at least for now , after warnings about the potential for regional unrest , including from Jordan 's King Abdullah .
And rather than giving Israel free rein on settlements , the White House has said building new ones or expanding existing ones beyond their current borders would not be helpful to peace .
That would appear to leave Israel room to build within existing settlements without drawing U.S. condemnation , in what is the sort of gray area the talks are expected to touch on .
Friedman , who has yet to be confirmed as U.S. ambassador to Israel , will not be participating in Wednesday 's talks .
For the Palestinians , and much of the rest of the world , settlements built on occupied land are illegal under international law . Israel disputes that , but faces increasing criticism over the policy from allies , especially after Netanyahu 's announcement in the past three weeks of plans to build 6,000 new settler homes across the West Bank .
Even more freighted than settlements is the question of a two-state solution - the idea of Israel and Palestine living side-by-side and at peace - which has been the bedrock of U.S. diplomacy for the past two decades .
Netanyahu committed to the two-state goal in a speech in 2009 and has broadly reiterated the aim since . But given regional instability and long-running divisions in Palestinian politics , some Israeli officials argue that the time is not ripe for a Palestinian state to emerge .
Netanyahu has spoken of a `` state minus , '' suggesting they could offer the Palestinians deep-seated autonomy and the trappings of statehood without full sovereignty . The Palestinians want an independent state in the West Bank and Gaza , with the capital in East Jerusalem , which Israel seized in the 1967 Middle East war .
Trump 's position on the two-state solution remains unclear . They have said they want to do the `` ultimate deal '' and has named their son-in-law , Jared Kushner , as a senior Middle East adviser .
Kushner has forged ties with Israel 's ambassador to Washington , Ron Dermer , a Netanyahu confidant , and has met with Arab diplomats , according to people familiar with the matter .
Trump supports the goal of peace between the Israel and the Palestinians , even if it does not involve the two-state solution , a senior White House adviser told reporters late on Tuesday .
Failure by a U.S. president to explicitly back the two-state solution would upend decades of U.S. policy embraced by Republican and Democratic administrations . It has long been the bedrock U.S. position for resolving the long-running Israeli-Palestinian conflict and has been at the core of international peace efforts .
The Trump administration is tentatively exploring whether U.S. Sunni Arab allies – which have had growing behind-the-scenes contacts with Israel , mostly over their shared concerns about Shi'ite Iran - might cooperate in any future Israeli-Palestinian diplomacy , the sources said .
Any sign of a softening of U.S. support for eventual Palestinian statehood could anger the Muslim world .
Prospects for any serious new diplomatic initiative remain unclear . The last peace efforts collapsed in early 2014 .
`` As the president has made clear , their administration will work to achieve comprehensive agreement that would end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict so that Israelis and Palestinians can live in peace and security , '' White House spokesperson Sean Spicer told reporters on Tuesday .
On Iran , there are expectations that Trump and Netanyahu will find common ground . Both have expressed deep reservations about the nuclear deal signed with Iran . But rather than tearing it up , they are expected to look for ways of reinforcing it and quickly adding sanctions for any transgressions .
( Additional reporting by Matt Spetalnick and Steve Holland ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
The president and CEO of the Hamilton Community Foundation says there continue to be “ troubling ” disparities , but also “ remarkable signs of progress ” in the city .
Terry Cooke was commenting on the foundation 's latest Vital Signs report which offers a snapshot of 10 aspects of community life — including arts , economy , education , health , safety , housing and environment .
READ MORE : Hamilton city council approves poverty reduction plan , supports $ 15 minimum wage
In terms of progress , the report highlights strong job growth , increased post-secondary completion rates and a booming arts and culture scene , as well as a drop in violent crime and better air quality .
READ MORE : Hamilton economy on pace for ‘ impressive ' growth in 2017 , slower 2018 : report
The challenges include longer wait lists for social housing and decreased affordability as rising home prices far exceed average household incomes in Hamilton .
15 per cent of residents reported experiencing food insecurity in the past year and visible minorities , recent immigrants and Indigenous people are twice as likely to live in poverty as other Hamiltonians .
READ MORE : Film industry delivers $ 12M boost to Hamilton 's economy
Cooke says the report is an opportunity to create a “ vital conversation in this community ” and to open our minds to the question “ are there better ways of doing things ? ”
They add that we must also “ be hard about the evaluation and honest about what 's working , and more importantly maybe , what 's not and what we need to change . ”
Cooke stresses what they call an “ emerging challenge about increasingly segregated neighbourhoods based on race and income . ”
The director-gof National Emergency Management Agency ( NEMA ) , Mustapha Maihaja yesterday denied claims that relief materials were not distributed to states in the North-East since their assumption of office in 2017 .
They also said officials of 16 state governments and some federal lawmakers witnessed distribution of relief materials to Internally Displaced Persons ( IDPs ) .
Maihaja made the submissions while appearing before the House Ad Hoc Committee looking into the operation of NEMA .
They said the materials were distributed under a Presidential Intervention Programme and tendered the list of distribution of the materials and photographs of how deliveries were effected before the Isa Ali-led Committee on Emergency and Disaster Preparedness .
They said contrary to accusations that neither state governments nor officials of State Emergency Management Agency ( SEMA ) were involved , the federal government held series of meetings with the beneficiary states .
According to him , this is a presidential intervention conceived by the vice president . “ The issue at stake was a Presidential intervention . By the time I took over and I was invited on 26th May , 2017 to join the team .
“ A sub-committee headed by Minister of Budget and National Planning held meetings with Borno , Yobe and others where the issue and distribution was discussed .
“ They were part of the programme . We moved to site together with them . There 's perfect collaboration with the states right from the onset .
“ This is not an issue of telling lies , the problem here could be communication gap . We worked together and the materials got to the right place .
“ The governments of Yobe and Adamawa were invited at the inception of the programme . They made inputs of where and how many quantities of items to be distributed to each local government and a memo was raised to the Vice President and was approved .
“ We visited the state governors to the best of my understanding . The states were part of the distribution from day one . There could be issue of breakdown of communication . The Vice President was the one who conceived it . Officials of Gombe and Yobe states were involved in the process of distribution of these items . They went with us and ensured that these items were distributed to the right destinations . ”
Earlier , representatives of State Emergency Management Agency ( SEMA ) from Yobe , Bauchi , Taraba and Gombe had denied awareness of distribution of relief materials to their states .
Bauchi confirmed knowledge of the distribution of the materials but regretted that the state government was not involved in the distribution .
Taraba SEMA claimed to be involved in the planning but excluded from the distribution ; while Gombe claimed that it has no Internally Displaced Persons ( IDPs ) camps and had no use for relief food materials but prefer restoration of its infrastructures .
Andrew Phelps , Director for the state Office of Emergency Management , talks to Governor Kate Brown and First Gentleman Dan Little at Mahonia Hall about the first week 's supplies to add to their personal preparedness kit for the Cascadia Subduction Zone earthquake .
MOLLY J. SMITH / Statesman Journal
SALEM , Ore. — The head of Oregon 's Office of Emergency Management is apologizing after their agency sent a vague wireless emergency alert about Salem 's contaminated drinking water advisory .
`` This was a failure on our part , '' Andrew Phelps , director of the emergency agency , said in a video posted to social media .
The alert to cellphones told residents simply “ Civil Emergency ” and “ Prepare for Action ” and left off that the threat was toxic algae at a local water supply , according to The Associated Press .
Phelps said the integrated public alert and warning system `` inadvertently defaulted to a generic message . '' They said agency officials rushed to give updates on social media and manually override the generic message , pushing another alert with information on the water advisory .
Salem city officials on Tuesday released a do-not-drink advisory after low levels of toxins were discovered in city drinking water from the North Santiam River .
More : State , city officials wo n't supply water as contamination alert drags on in Oregon
More : False ballistic missile alert rattles Hawaii
The advisory is for children younger than 6 years old and vulnerable populations , including dialysis patients and those with compromised immune systems . Officials say there is no danger for healthy adults drinking the water , which is also used in other towns , including Stayton and Turner .
The advisory set off a run on bottled water at local grocery stores , and city officials remain unsure when the warning will be lifted .
In an interview Wednesday with the Statesman Journal , Phelps said Tuesday marked the first time the state had used its wireless emergency alert system .
`` As soon as we saw it on our own phones , yeah , we knew pretty quickly that it did not work the way we had expected it to work , '' they said .
Phelps said a senior IT staff member trained on the emergency alert system typed in the message with approval from an executive duty officer , they said .
For the alert , the city of Salem had adapted language from the Oregon Health Authority .
Marion County did not send the alert because it does n't have that ability , so the Marion Area Multi-Agency Emergency Telecommunications Dispatch Center in Woodburn was asked to send it , said Jolene Kelley , spokesperson for Marion County .
However , a technical issue stopped the dispatch center from being able to send it , so the Office of Emergency Management was contacted as a backup , Kelley said .
`` Generally these messages ... get sent out at the local level or if it 's a weather issue , they get sent out by the National Weather Service , '' Phelps said . `` So , this was the first time we 've ever initiated a wireless emergency alert . ''
More : Salem 's water contaminated by toxic algae : What we know
More : Hawaii emergency worker who sent false missile alert : ' I 'm really not to blame in this '
Phelps said no testing options exist for the wireless alerts , though the television and radio alert system is tested weekly . They said officials are trained on the emergency alert system via Federal Emergency Management Agency trainings posted online .
Phelps said the wireless alert went to phones within the area served by the affected water system , while another alert went to television and radio broadcasters that serve the affected area .
`` We are conducting a forensic analysis of the steps we took to send this message and to ensure our procedures are written and practiced in a way that will prevent confusing messages from being sent ... in the future , '' Phelps said .
The Office of Emergency Management said in an earlier statement Tuesday : `` This was a technology issue which OEM is currently working to learn how and why it happened . ''
Policy expert Jim Moore pointed to similarities between Oregon 's blunder and an incident earlier this year when an emergency alert in Hawaii warned of a ballistic missile strike that sparked massive panic .
`` Just like Hawaii and the missile alert , there is work to do , '' said Moore , director of the Tom McCall Center for Policy Innovation at Pacific University .
`` Whether this was software , human error , or confused communications , the first message just created a mild form of panic . It is the job of OEM 's communications to actually communicate to the public , not confuse it , '' Moore said .
Still , Moore said , clearer communications in the past have spurred other problems , such as an incident in the 1980s where a tsunami warning for areas along the coast drew spectators from the Willamette Valley wanting to see the event .
`` This points out the problem , '' Moore said . `` It is not just the quality of communication from OEM , it is the listeners ' abilities to act appropriately on that information that will determine how people deal with the 'big one , ' out there somewhere off the coast . ''
Follow Jonathan Bach on Twitter : @ jonathanmbach
Contaminated drinking water in Salem Store closure signs on the Starbucks at Lancaster and Silverton Road . Many local businesses are closed due to the Salem drinking water contamination . 01 / 24 Store closure signs on the Starbucks at Lancaster and Silverton Road . Many local businesses are closed due to the Salem drinking water contamination . 01 / 24
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
A 13-year-old girl allegedly raped by eight men including an Imam , is said to be five months pregnant with twins in Kubau Local Government , Kaduna State .
Head of Arridah Foundation , Hajiya Rabi Salisu told the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) on Saturday in Kaduna that the case was brought to the organisation to assist the girl in getting justice .
They said that the foundation would mobilise support and follow up the case in court “ until justice is done . ''
NAN learnt that the Imam is a neighbour of the girl 's parents .
Rabi said : “ We have received the case , and I must say in our years of advocacy during which we have treated over 400 cases of rape and child abuses , we have never come across this type of inhumanity .
“ It is devastating to see eight men raping a 13-year-old . They are pregnant , they have n't even developed breasts at all and their parents are threatening to abort the twins to avert public embarrassment .
“ The fact that the rapists are eight in number might even expose them to HIV/AID or sexually transmitted diseases and other dangerous infection as a result of forced sex .
“ We need justice for this girl and that is why we need the support of Kaduna state government , all human right organizations and religious leaders to quickly intervene and bring succour to the poor child that is facing daily challenges . ”
The father of the girl , Mu'azu Shittu , said they had already taken the case to Upper Sharia Court in Ikara .
According to him , they had contemplated abortion but was advised against it .
“ She is too young to be carrying twins and there is no single one among the rapists that is ready to take responsibility for the pregnancy , '' they lamented .
The girl said the men usually give them N500 and warned them not to tell anybody .
“ They usually call and give me N500 when I came back from school and went out hawking ; they forced me into it .
“ And they have been warning me not to tell my parents , they promise to kill me if I dare tell my parents , that is why I refused to tell my parents , I was so afraid . ''
Exxon Mobil Corp shareholders rejected a proposal on Wednesday at their annual meeting that would have split the roles of chairperson and chief executive .
DALLAS : Exxon Mobil Corp shareholders rejected a proposal on Wednesday at their annual meeting that would have split the roles of chairperson and chief executive .
Shareholders also rejected a proposal that would have forced the world 's largest publicly traded oil producer to provide greater disclosure on its lobbying expenditures . Shareholders did approve the full slate of 10 nominees to the company 's board of directors at their Dallas meeting .
Advertisement
( Reporting by Ernest Scheyder )
A drive around BRD Medical College in Gorakhpur could be the much-needed eye-opener if one has to get a clear picture on what ails India 's healthcare system . Dogs and pigs inside wards . Patients being wheeled in on carts . Three or four children on one bed . Very few ventilators and a serious lack of oxygen supply . To top it all , doctors are too busy in their private chambers to bother about patients at the government hospital.The Uttar Pradesh government on Sunday suspended Dr Kafeel Khan , the nodal doctor of the encephalitis ward , who was hailed as a hero in the aftermath of the tragedy , for running a private practice ; a crime for which many other senior doctors here should also have been axed.Residential quarters for doctors inside the medical college campus have now become mini clinics.Every second house in the doctor 's colony at BRD Medical College boasts of big blue boards with the names , degrees and chamber addresses of these doctors . ( Shreya Dhoundial/CNN-News 18 ) A case in point , Dr RK Misra , the sacked principal of BRD college , is not just thriving on a private practice inside the campus but also is part of the Sri Ram Pathology Centre right outside the medical college . Their job involved referring their poor patients from the medical college to this pathological laboratory . It made good business sense.Dr Misra 's neighbour is the Mohan family . Five nameplates outside their house spell out the names of the three doctors who practice here . They are : Dr Renu Mohan , a gynaecologist , who just retired from the medical college , their husband Dr Lalit Mohan , a skin specialist who continues to serve at BRD and their son , Dr S Mohan , who is also a private practitioner.Signboards outside the Mohan household . ( Shreya Dhoundial/CNN-News 18 ) The mini clinic at their official residence is equipped with a bed and a medicine rack . On Monday , while the hospital tragedy was still looming large , the family of doctors did not entertain a single patient. “ We are not cheats or goons . We do this private practice out of good will . People we know , even mediapersons come to us at odd hours . Where will we treat them if not here , ” said Dr Renu.A Hundred metres from the Mohan residence is Dr Mukesh Shukla 's residence and clinic . They are a nuerosurgeon at the same medical college . A close inspection of the blue board outside their residence also advertises a Ram Gyan Nuero and Spine Center . A passerby informs us they also work at the Buddha Hospital in Gorakhpur . That is four day jobs for one doctor.These are just three examples . Every second house in the doctor 's colony at BRD Medical College boasts of big blue boards that prominently mention the degrees and achievements of the doctors in Hindi — a sales pitch no passerby can ignore.Outside the emergency ward , two young technicians of the radiology ward crib about doctors not showing up for work . `` If seven doctors are supposed to be on duty , two would show up . Everyone is busy with their private practices . When chief minister Yogi Adityanath came visiting on Sunday , they finally showed up , '' said a hospital staff.The two young staff members , who did n't wish to be named , talked about the lack of empathy that haunts the corridors of BRD . `` Poor patients are deliberately given appointments a month later even for something as simple as an ultrasound . This is done to ensure that they can be pushed to private MRI centres where these doctors practise , '' one of them revealed.So why do these things not come out in the open ? “ When the Medical Council of India officers come for inspection , all of these doctors would show up and keep the inspectors so occupied with food and refreshments that they would n't bother going around the hospital to look for the attendance register or talk to patients , ” the staff member added .
NEW DELHI : India 's health ministry has trimmed its cost estimates for extending its main public health program by 25 percent after criticism from a federal think-tank over inefficiency and slow progress , according to government documents seen by Reuters .
The new estimate of US $ 25 billion for a three-year extension of the flagship health program , down from an initial figure of about US $ 33 billion , comes as Prime Minister Narendra Modi pushes a multi-pronged agenda to revamp health services .
Planned reforms include streamlining spending and bureaucracy , slashing prices of life-saving drugs and medical devices , and nudging companies such as PepsiCo to make more healthy products .
To extend the National Health Mission to 2020 , a think-tank led by Modi and the finance ministry in March told health officials to rework the original proposal with `` realistic '' budget expectations and to incorporate lessons from neighbors such as Nepal and Bangladesh , the documents show .
In response , the health ministry has resubmitted a plan with lower cost estimates and a list of targets to be achieved by 2020 , including strengthening health infrastructure and reducing tobacco use .
The finance ministry , which will review the plan for approval this month , did not respond to a request for comment . The federal think-tank , NITI Aayog , declined to comment .
Advertisement
Advertisement
India 's National Health Mission is one of the world 's largest public health programs . It provides free drugs and treatment to millions of rural poor and helped to eradicate polio .
But the public health system is in a shambles and India ranks poorly on key indicators - more than a million children die every year before reaching the age of five .
After focusing on maternal and child health for years , the program will broaden priorities to tackle a growing burden of non-communicable diseases such as cancer , heart disease and diabetes , according to the documents .
The ministry has proposed increasing spending to treat such ailments from about US $ 150 million this year to US $ 1.5 billion in 2019-20 , according to the new proposal which includes spending contributions from states .
The annual funding for strengthening the health system , including ramping up infrastructure and the work force , will more than double to about US $ 3 billion in 2019-20 , the documents show .
The new funding estimates are in line with a goal of raising health spending to 2.5 percent of gross domestic product by 2025 , from 1.15 percent , a health ministry official said .
CRITICISM , REVAMP
The NITI Aayog was at first against the continuation of the National Health Mission , according to a record of government meetings reviewed by Reuters .
During a March meeting to discuss the proposal , the NITI Aayog 's health adviser said the program needed a `` course correction '' and needed to improve standards .
The adviser , Alok Kumar , also pointed out that despite investment in the program , public facilities were not attracting enough patients , documents showed .
Because rural hospitals in India are often dilapidated and suffer from a shortage of doctors , it is not uncommon for people to shun them and travel long distances in search of quality healthcare .
In the reworked plan , the ministry has prioritized out-patient departments , and aims to reduce premature mortality from cancer or heart ailments by a tenth and cut tobacco use by 7 percent by 2020 , the documents showed .
Kumar pointed out in the March meeting that Bangladesh and Nepal had performed `` better with even lower resources '' . Kumar declined to comment .
Data from World Health Organization shows that Nepal , for example , had an under-five mortality ratio of 35.8 per 1,000 births , compared with India 's ratio of 47.7 .
Health officials acknowledged in the meeting that results had yet to achieve levels of neighboring countries .
( Editing by Tom Lasseter and Robert Birsel )
JERUSALEM : The Israeli government said on Tuesday it was abandoning a plan to forcibly deport African migrants who had entered the country illegally .
The government , which had been working on a plan to deport thousands of mostly Eritrean and Sudanese men to a third country against their will , said in a written response to the Supreme Court that it was no longer pursuing that option .
Israel 's immigration authority will continue to find options to deport migrants voluntarily , but their forced removal `` is no longer on the agenda , '' the government said .
( Reporting by Ari Rabinovitch , Editing by Stephen Farrell )
Melanie M. Chasen , 63 , of Edwardsville , died Saturday , Aug. 12 , 2017 , at Barnes-Jewish Hospital in St. Louis .
A memorial service will be at 11 a.m. Tuesday , Aug. 15 , at St. Mary 's Catholic Church . They will be cremated and interment will be Maryhill Cemetery in Niles , Ill .
Weber Funeral Home is handling arrangements .
SEOUL/BEIJING : North Korea still does not appear to have mastered missile re-entry technology and will take at least one or two more years to do so , although its ability to miniaturise a nuclear warhead is advancing quickly , South Korea 's vice defence minister said .
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has underpinned a spike in tensions in recent months .
U.S. President Donald Trump warned at the weekend that the U.S. military was `` locked and loaded '' if North Korea acted unwisely , although top U.S. officials said there was no imminent risk of a nuclear war .
`` Both the United States and South Korea do not believe North Korea has yet completely gained re-entry technology in material engineering terms , '' Vice Defence Minister Suh Choo-suk said in remarks televised on Sunday for a Korea Broadcasting System show .
`` We do n't feel they 've reached that point yet but it 's true they are approaching it . We ca n't pinpoint the exact timing , but it will take at least one to two more years , '' they said .
Suh said North Korea was likely to continue provocations , including nuclear tests , but they did not see a big risk of the North engaging in actual military conflict .
Advertisement
Advertisement
U.S. Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo agreed that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was likely to continue to test their weapons .
`` I am quite confident that they will continue to try to develop their missile programme , so it would n't surprise me if there was another missile test , '' Pompeo told `` Fox News Sunday '' .
`` I 've heard folks talking about that we 're on the cusp of a nuclear war . I 've seen no intelligence that would indicate that we 're in that place today , '' they said .
North Korea has been testing missiles at an unprecedented pace since last year and said last week it was developing a plan to land missiles near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam .
PRESSURE ON CHINA
Trump has urged China , the North 's main ally and trading partner , to do more to rein in its neighbour , often linking Beijing 's efforts to comments around U.S.-China trade .
Trump will issue an order later on Monday to determine whether to investigate Chinese trade practices that force U.S. firms operating in China to turn over intellectual property , senior administration officials said on Saturday .
China 's official China Daily said such an investigation would poison the relationship between the two countries .
`` By trying to incriminate Beijing as an accomplice in ( North Korea 's ) nuclear adventure and blame it for a failure that is essentially a failure of all stakeholders , Trump risks making the serious mistake of splitting up the international coalition that is the means to resolve the issue peacefully , '' it said .
`` Hopefully Trump will find another path . Things will become even more difficult if Beijing and Washington are pitted against each other . ''
Asian stocks bounced back on Monday after three losing sessions , but gains were capped by worries about escalating tensions on the Korean peninsula that sent investors fleeing from riskier assets last week .
Financial markets regard tensions between Pyongyang and Washington as more serious than in the past , South Korea 's finance minister said .
`` The effect from North Korea-related jitters on financial and foreign exchange markets has been causing some global anxiety and we can not rule out market volatility can widen from the smallest shock , '' Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon said .
U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford is visiting Seoul to discuss the rise in tensions ahead of major U.S.-South Korean joint military drills scheduled for later this month .
South Korean Defence Ministry spokesperson Lee Jin-woo said the drills , long a source of aggravation for Pyongyang , would go ahead as planned .
`` They are just , legal and annual drills that are focused on defence and to curb North Korea 's provocations , '' they told a regular briefing in Seoul .
Any new military conflict with North Korea would likely escalate quickly to the use of nuclear weapons , bringing catastrophic casualties and an untold economic impact worldwide , former U.S. defence officials and experts believe .
( Writing by Lincoln Feast ; Editing by Paul Tait )
For more than five years , Los Angeles officials have turned a blind eye to drivers who park on the narrow strips of land between the sidewalk and the curb .
The city 's lenient stance , adopted in 2011 , was never advertised . But many drivers in dense areas where parking can be fiercely competitive eventually realized that they would not be ticketed for leaving their cars on the landscaped areas that run parallel to the street .
So many drivers began adopting the practice that residents in Westlake , East Hollywood and other central neighborhoods began planting saplings and erecting poles , fences and other barriers in a bid to stop their neighbors from destroying the curbs and the grass .
Those guerrilla tactics may not be necessary for much longer , City Hall officials said Wednesday .
Al Seib / Los Angeles Times Los Angeles Unified School District police cruise through Westlake , where a growing number of drivers are parking their cars on parkways . Residents have said the practice is an eyesore and destroys the grass and landscaping . Los Angeles Unified School District police cruise through Westlake , where a growing number of drivers are parking their cars on parkways . Residents have said the practice is an eyesore and destroys the grass and landscaping . ( Al Seib / Los Angeles Times )
The city 's transportation committee Wednesday approved a draft of a new law that would make it illegal to stop , stand or park on the narrow strips of land that are officially known as parkways . ( Other regions , and some L.A. residents , use a variety of other terms , including “ verge , ” “ berm , ” and “ curb strip . ” )
If the City Council approves the new law next week , the Transportation Department will resume ticketing in mid-August , a spokesperson said . The city would do some outreach before ticketing begins again , so that drivers currently using the parkways wo n't be caught unaware , officials said .
The proposed law is a significant step for residents who have said the lack of enforcement has destroyed some of the rare green spaces in their neighborhoods . Others have referred to the practice as “ destructive ” and “ an eyesore . ”
Residents ' makeshift parkway barriers , including flower beds and jacaranda trees , have been knocked down by careless or aggressive drivers . Other areas have been left rutted with tire tracks and littered with trash .
The proposed law caps a saga that began more than five years ago , when the city was hit with a flurry of lawsuits alleging that broken , sometimes impassable sidewalks violated the Americans With Disabilities Act .
One lawsuit said the city 's practice of allowing drivers to park on the sloping portion of the driveway between the sidewalk and the curb , known as the apron , also violated accessibility laws .
At the advice of city lawyers , parking officials began paying closer attention to apron parking .
Drivers who had parked at the ends of their driveways for years began to receive tickets citing the city 's parkway law — which , at the time , barred parking on all areas between the sidewalk and the curb , including aprons .
After an outcry , the City Council suspended the law until city lawyers could draft separate policies for parkways and driveway aprons .
Five years passed .
The language introduced Wednesday aims to address that confusion . The new law would define parkway as the area between the sidewalk and the street “ reserved for landscaping and utilities ” and that “ is not intended for vehicle use . ”
Deputy City Atty . Michael Nagle said drivers will be able to park on their own driveway aprons , provided their cars do not block the street or the sidewalk .
That is a requirement of the California Vehicle Code , not city law , and ticketing for that offense continued while the parkway law was suspended , officials said .
But Barry Johnson of the Studio City Neighborhood Council , who attended Wednesday 's meeting , said the city 's enforcement had been too lax .
“ We have a city that 's asking us to walk , but so many times on sidewalks , there are cars sticking over , ” Johnson said . The new law , they said , would be a welcome change .
laura.nelson @ latimes.com
For more transportation news , follow @ laura_nelson on Twitter .
CORDOBA , Argentina : The global fight for clean energy rests with businesses and ordinary people as governments lag behind , experts told an environmental conference in Argentina on Friday ( Oct 6 ) ahead of a keynote speech by former US president Barack Obama .
With the US intent on leaving the Paris climate accord , former Clinton administration advisor Katie McGinty said `` citizen action to demand leadership by their local legislatures , and by companies , and holding people accountable , '' was a key weapon in the fight to protect the environment .
`` I see a real erosion of centrist , democratic regimes , not only in the United States , but in many places around the world , and boy there 's no better recipe for a destroyed planet than dictatorship , '' they told reporters on the sidelines of the Green Economy summit in Cordoba , Argentina .
Nobel economic laureate Edmund Phelps told the conference that `` governments are often reluctant to force corporations or force individuals to stop polluting , stop despoiling the environment . ''
People power `` can bring to bear powerful pressure directly on corporations , '' they told the two-day event , ending Friday .
But Phelps also warned against climate change provoking `` mass hysteria '' and leading to over-regulation , which they said would be an `` innovation killer . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` If an entrepreneur has to demonstrate to a whole bunch of government agencies that they are not going to cause any pollution , then we would lose the normal tendency of new companies and new ideas starting up . ''
`` We must be careful in our efforts to save the planet that we do not strangle the sources that make our lives worth living , '' said Phelps , who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics in 2006 .
BUSINESS ON BOARD
President Donald Trump 's decision last June to take the United States out of the Paris climate agreement has been a hot topic at the conference dedicated to renewable energy .
The United States is the world 's second biggest producer of greenhouse gases after China and its withdrawal was a seen as a body blow to the landmark 2015 agreement , which commits signatories to efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming .
Trump 's predecessor Obama , who signed the accord , will address the gathering late Friday .
Conor Barry , of the UN Climate Change Secretariat , said governments alone would not be able to fulfill the Paris agreement , but would require joint initiatives from the private sector .
`` For that we will create a platform to share best practices around the world and generate a space for dialogue for its implementation , '' they said in a video address from Geneva .
McGinty , who served as environmental advisor to former president Bill Clinton , said the role of big business was crucial , in the absence of government leadership .
`` CEOs have spoken out against the United States leaving the Paris Accord , big companies like General Electric and some of our biggest companies in the United States went public and said this is the wrong decision and recommitted themselves to reducing greenhouse gas emissions . ''
Twenty-five US corporate giants including Apple , Google and Facebook , Unilever and Levi Strauss had publicly urged the US president to stick with the Paris agreement , arguing that it offered a chance for the United States to take the lead in clean energy .
Major American companies denounced their decision to pull out , including industrial and energy corporations , which have been working for years to reduce their carbon footprints .
In order to use Medscape , your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site .
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration . The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site .
They were taking swings and fielding line drives , Republican lawmakers taking a welcome break from Washington 's political maelstrom Wednesday in an early morning practice on a suburban baseball diamond for a charity game against Democrats .
Just after 7 a.m. , they heard a loud pop that did n't sound quite like the crack of a bat . A few looked at one another , trying to make sense of it .
“ I heard a very large bang , ” Rep. Chuck Fleischmann ( R-Tenn. ) , said later . “ Most people did n't do anything… . About 10 or 15 seconds later there was a barrage of pops and it was very clear there was an active shooter . ”
About two dozen members of Congress , staffers , a retired major league pitcher and others suddenly raced for cover — and their lives .
Some zigzagged as they ran , hoping to dodge bullets that echoed across the muggy infield . Others bolted from the batting cage area or ducked behind a nearby building . Unable to escape , two men hugged the outfield facedown . Dirt and gravel sprayed as shots peppered the field .
A dozen or so dived into the first base dugout , where they crowded on the floor . Some cut themselves in the scramble and at least one man bled from a gunshot wound .
Rep. Joe L. Barton ( R-Texas ) helped their 10-year-old son hide under an SUV parked nearby .
“ I just kept saying , ‘ Stay down Jack , stay down Jack , stay under the car ! ' ” Burton , the team manager , said during a Capitol news conference .
They did n't know if the fusillade came from one gunman or many . The terror intensified when Capitol Police returned fire from behind the dugout . Those inside felt like sitting ducks , several said , caught in the crossfire .
“ Are you friendly ? ” Sen. Jeff Flake ( R-Ariz. ) yelled out , feeling relieved when the officers identified themselves .
At one point , Flake spotted the gunman , who had a clear view of the dugout from behind a chain-link fence near third base . Flake jumped back after they made eye contact to avoid making themselves a target .
`` It seemed like an eternity , '' Fleischmann told reporters . `` I kept saying to myself : ‘ When are they going to stop this guy ? '… My fear was nobody in the dugout was armed . ''
Soon more heavily armed local police swarmed to the scene , sirens blaring . The shooting intensified as they engaged and incapacitated the gunman — later identified as James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , of Belleville , Ill . They later died of their injuries .
By the time the melee ended — about 10 minutes and 50 shots after it began — four people , including a member of Congress , lay wounded and the nation was left reeling from the political violence .
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( R-La . ) , who is the third-ranking Republican in the House , was shot in the hip as they stood between first and second base .
Witnesses said Scalise crawled about 10 or 15 yards into the outfield , leaving a trail of blood , to get farther from the gunman , and then lay motionless . They later are taken to a hospital by helicopter and was in critical condition late Wednesday after surgery .
Two U.S. Capitol Police officers , David Bailey and Crystal Griner , assigned to guard Scalise , were wounded .
So was Matt Mika , a lobbyist who was shot in the chest , and Zachary Barth , a congressional aide who was wounded . They hobbled from the outfield to the dugout , where a lawmaker took off their belt and made a tourniquet for him .
“ All the time they were bleeding and we were under fire , they were texting … letting people know we were under fire , ” said Rep. Roger Williams ( R-Texas ) , the team coach , who had played ball in the minor leagues . “ We were sitting ducks . We had nothing to fight back with but bats . ”
Rep. Rodney Davis ( R-Ill. ) , who was at home plate when the shooting began , ran to a nearby house , where they called 911 and then their wife and children . “ Phone calls I thought I 'd never have to make , ” they told CNN .
The gunfire could be heard blocks away , prompting residents in the sleepy Del Ray neighborhood to cut short morning walks and shoo their dogs back into neatly tended red-brick row houses .
`` It was rapid and kept going and going and going , '' said Kendra Newman , who was sipping coffee when the shooting began . `` It was clear that something was terribly wrong . ''
`` This did not sound like a simple shooting , '' said Scott , their fiance , who was n't willing to disclose their last name . `` It sounded like a war zone . ''
The park is popular with local families . In addition to the baseball field , it has a tennis court , dog park and a children 's playground . Residents said the shooter first stood in the park 's small butterfly garden and then walked to a chain link fence near third base and opened fire .
Had Scalise 's security team not been on hand because they are a House leader — and the gates to the field not been locked — the bloodshed would have been far worse , “ a massacre , ” as one lawmaker put it .
Once the shooting stopped , lawmakers ran to Scalise while they waited for emergency medical crews to arrive .
“ He said that they needed water , ” Flake said . “ He was coherent… . We tried to keep them talking . ”
They cut away their jersey and looked for an exit wound , using someone 's shirt and a belt to stanch the bleeding after gauze failed to contain it .
Flake found Scalise 's cellphone and called their wife . “ I just did n't want them to wake up and hear the news and not know what was going on . So I talked to her , ” they said .
Rep. Brad Wenstrup ( R-Ohio ) , who served as an Army surgeon during the Persian Gulf War , applied pressure to one of the Capitol Police officer 's wounds , and thought about the war .
“ You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq , but this morning it did , ” Wenstrup said on Twitter .
As the crime scene was locked down behind yellow tape , most lawmakers returned to the Capitol by bus . Some still wore bloodstained uniforms as they roamed Congress and told their stories to reporters .
Rory McIlroy finished at 1-over after shooting 68 . They have not won a major since the 2014 PGA Championship . ( Photo : Stuart Franklin / Getty Images )
Charlotte , N.C. — The lingering pain Rory McIlroy felt when they finished the PGA Championship was not just about ending another year without a major .
McIlroy revealed they have felt spasms in a muscle in their upper back the last few weeks , and he 's not sure when they will play next . It could be in a few weeks when the FedEx Cup playoffs begin . It could be sometime next year .
“ I have a good bit of time to get healthy and address a few things going forward , ” McIlroy said . “ As I said , the next big thing is April , and that 's really what my focus will be on from now until then . ”
April is the Masters , the only major keeping McIlroy from the career Grand Slam .
McIlroy now has gone three years since their last major title at Valhalla in the PGA Championship . This year was all about injuries , and apparently he 's not over them yet .
“ Right now I can feel my left rhomboid going into spasm , ” McIlroy said after closing with a 3-under 68 at Quail Hollow . “ It 's sort of the way it has been the last few weeks . I have upped my practice coming into these two events because I wanted to feel like I was in a good place in my game . ”
They were three shots behind going into the final round at the Bridgestone Invitational last week until Hideki Matsuyama ran away with it .
At the PGA Championship , they were slowed by bad stretches in the middle of their rounds that never allowed them to get under par .
“ It 's a tough one because I go out there and play and shoot decent scores , ” McIlroy said . “ But when I come off the course , I feel my left rhomboid going into spasm . ( The ) inside of my left arm goes numb . So I do n't know what to do . I 've got this next week off to assess what I need to go forward . ”
McIlroy has headed home to Northern Ireland and planned to meet with their trainer to figure out the next step .
Along with failing to win a major for the third straight year , McIlroy has n't won anywhere around the world since they won the Tour Championship last September to capture the FedEx Cup and its $ 10 million prize .
But it was a tough year from the start . They discovered a slight rib fracture after a playoff loss in the South African Open and they took seven weeks off to let it heal . They got married after the Masters , and the pain returned at The Players Championship in May . McIlroy believes they practiced too much too soon , and they said they would have to spend the rest of the year managing their practice time and their fitness .
But they did n't have many answers when they left Quail Hollow .
McIlroy said the pain was n't as bad as it was early in the year at the Players , when they said it really flared up on him . But it 's still there .
“ I can feel it , ” they said . “ I can play 18 holes . I warm up , it 's OK . But once I get done , having to go through the whole routine of getting it ready to go again the next day , you should n't have to do that . If it was injury-free , that would n't happen . ”
The FedEx Cup playoffs feature four tournaments in five weeks starting on Aug. 24 . They also have European Tour membership , which includes late-season events in Turkey , South Africa and Dubai .
“ Look , I do n't know what I 'm going to do , ” they said . “ You might not see me until next year .
“ You might see me in a couple of weeks ' time . It really depends . ”
Johnson finishes strong
Dustin Johnson , the world 's top-ranked player , finished with a 4-under 67 and finished the tournament at par .
Johnson made seven birdies and shot 32 on the front nine . The key for Johnson was making some of the shorter putts that they had been missing all week at Quail Hollow .
Johnson says their back is still a little tight , but he 's not in any pain and plans to play in the FedEx Cup playoffs that start in two weeks as well as the President 's Cup .
Woods retains record
Tiger Woods will remain the youngest player to win golf 's career Grand Slam .
Jordan Spieth closed out their run at Woods ' record with a 70 in the final round , leaving them 2 over for the tournament . Spieth had conceded as early as Friday their chance of winning the PGA Championship was over .
They played well for the most part on Sunday .
They had one blemish — a double bogey on seventh hole — in an otherwise bogey-free round that included three birdies .
When Spieth competes in the PGA Championship next year in St. Louis , they will be older than Woods was when they earned the career Grand Slam at 24 years , 6 months old .
Shot of the day
They wo n't win the PGA Championship , but Jon Rahm struck one of the more memorable shots of the week .
Rahm hit a backward chip on the par-4 18th hole and somehow landed it on the green .
They were in a tough spot Sunday when their second shot stopped in the primary rough near a stream , across the red line marking the water hazard .
The right-handed Rahm stood with their back to the green and swung the club backward with only their right arm .
The ball bounced four times before rolling 45 feet from the pin , drawing a loud cheer from the gallery .
They missed that putt , settled for bogey and finished at 3 over for the tournament .
Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed energy projects and the situation in Syria during a telephone call with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , the Kremlin said in a statement on Monday .
MOSCOW : Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed energy projects and the situation in Syria during a telephone call with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , the Kremlin said in a statement on Monday .
The Kremlin said the conversation was about `` joint projects in the oil and gas , electricity and transport sectors '' , while some issues on the international agenda were also discussed .
( Reporting by Polina Nikolskaya ; Editing by Christian Lowe )
BELLEVILLE , Illinois : The suspect who opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they played baseball on Wednesday ( Jun 14 ) raged against Republican US President Donald Trump on social media and idolized Bernie Sanders , whom they saw as the only politician who understood the working class .
Authorities identified the gunman as James Hodgkinson , a 66-year-old home inspector from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville , Illinois . They died from injuries sustained in a shoot-out with Capitol Hill police who were at the scene in Alexandria , Virginia , outside Washington .
Hodgkinson is believed by investigators to have been a person `` of strong views , '' a senior US official said , without elaborating .
The Belleville News-Democrat newspaper posted a photograph of Hodgkinson protesting outside a post office there in 2012 , wearing sunglasses and a goatee and holding a homemade placard that read `` TAX the Rich . ''
Hodgkinson was a member of many anti-Republican groups on Facebook including `` The Road to Hell Is Paved With Republicans , '' `` Terminate The Republican Party , '' and `` Donald Trump is not my President , '' their profile showed before it was taken down .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Trump won the US presidential election in November . Republicans also control both chambers of Congress .
`` Trump is a Traitor . Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy . It 's Time to Destroy Trump & Co. '' Hodgkinson wrote in a Mar 22 post . Their profile picture was a US flag with the slogan : `` Democratic Socialism explained in 3 words : 'We the People . ' ''
Hodgkinson went to Washington several weeks ago to protest against Trump 's election , their brother told the New York Times .
The former mayor of Alexandria , Bill Euille , said they talked with the suspect at the local YMCA most mornings for more than a month , and even tried to help find Hodgkinson a job after seeing they were living out of a gym bag , the Washington Post said .
Stephen Brennwald , an Alexandria attorney , also saw Hodgkinson at the YMCA wearing long pants rather than gym attire , and said they often seemed to be staring into space .
`` It 's just very freaky to think that this guy who was just sitting in there for weeks , not really doing anything , actually turned out to shoot at people , '' Brennwald told Reuters .
'DESPICABLE ACT '
Hodgkinson 's Facebook profile featured a cover photo of Sanders , a US senator from Vermont who ran unsuccessfully to be the Democratic Party 's presidential candidate last year .
Sanders , an independent who ran as a progressive populist but was defeated by Hillary Clinton , said the suspect had `` apparently volunteered '' on their campaign . In a statement , Sanders condemned the shooting as a despicable act . ''
One woman who asked not to be named told Reuters that Hodgkinson had contacted them via Facebook as part of a political discussion , but that they subsequently commented on their page that Clinton was a `` liar '' and a `` baby killer . ''
`` I actually blocked them at one point , '' the woman said .
A bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ in Alexandria said Hodgkinson started coming in for beers about a month ago .
`` He was a regular-looking guy that kind of gave you a sense of the creeps , but you ca n't really put your finger on it , '' said Christina Shrimshaw , 27 , who served them a handful of times but never remembered them discussing politics . `` He would talk about very mundane things , like golf . They were big into watching the Golf Channel . ''
A neighbor in Belleville , William Schaumleffel , recalled how in March they heard gunshots and saw Hodgkinson shooting with a long gun toward woods across a corn field from their yard .
`` I yelled at him : 'Hey , stop shooting over there . There are houses over there , ' '' Schaumleffel said . Hodgkinson did not stop , they added , so they filed a report with the sheriff 's office .
Hodgkinson 's criminal history included a 2006 arrest on battery charges that were later dismissed , as well as multiple traffic violations , according to state records that identified them as a 5-foot , 6-inch ( 1.67m ) man weighing 190 pounds ( 86kg ) , with brown eyes . Most of the infractions were ultimately dropped .
Hodgkinson had been licensed as a home inspector and real estate appraiser , but did not renew their home inspector license after it expired last year , state records showed . Their license to appraise real estate expired in 1997 .
According to Facebook , Hodgkinson went to Belleville Township High School West and studied flight training at Southwestern Illinois College .
Beginning in mid-2015 , Hodgkinson began expressing support for Sanders ' 2016 campaign , and federal records showed they donated US $ 18 to the effort .
`` Bernie is the Only Candidate in Decades that Really Cares about the Working Class , '' Hodgkinson posted on Jun 13 , 2016 .
The Belleville News-Democrat published letters they wrote the paper criticizing Republicans , tax policies and income inequality . One from August 2012 read : `` I have never said 'life sucks , ' only the policies of the Republicans . ''
Police are hunting an alleged sex attacker with a North East accent after a sexual assault at Download music festival .
The incident happened in early hours of Sunday June 11 at the rock festival in Donnington Park , Leicestershire , when a woman was escorted back to their tent by a man they met on Saturday night .
A Leicestershire spokesperson said : `` The woman had spent the previous evening with a group of five people , three men and two women , whom they had met that evening whilst in the main arena .
`` She said that one of the men offered to walk them back to their tent in the early hours and it was shortly thereafter that the assault is reported to have taken place .
`` Having made enquiries at the festival during the course of Sunday , officers are now making public appeals to identify the assailant and the other people they were with . ''
The incident is said to have happened at some point between 12.45am and 3.30am in a grassed area at the top of Car Park C , which is the car park on the steepish slope at the site .
The suspect is described as white with quite pale skin , dark eyes , dark swept back hair with a beard described as being like over grown stubble .
The woman believes them to be in mid-to-late twenties and is said to speak with a Newcastle or Middlesbrough accent – described as a Geordie accent .
At the time of the incident they were wearing what is described as a khaki green/grey cap , dark brown or black shorts with a chequered red tartan shirt with long sleeves with a black T-shirt underneath . They had a ring on one finger and was wearing a wrist band from a previous year .
They were with four friends who are described as :
1 . White woman in their late teens to early twenties ; 5ft 8ins tall and very thin . They had ‘ bleach blonde ' almost white , hair with very dark roots and a tattoo on their forearm and a second tattoo of a humming bird on the inside of their upper arm .
2 . White woman , really pale , in their early twenties , 5f 5ins tall and described as a of ‘ chunky ' build . They had very long black wavy hair with a nose ring in their nasal septum , which looked like half a flower . They had a soft Scottish accent .
3 . White male , mid to late twenties and about 5f 10ins tall . They are described as muscly but slim ( athletic build ) with no facial hair . They had dark hair and either blue or green eyes . They were wearing light blue jeans , a white T-shirt with a Stone Roses bucket hat which is splattered with colours and has a lemon on the front . They wore a white rosary bead necklace .
4 . White male , early 30 's , 5f 10in tall , and of slim build . They were clean shaven with blondish shortish hair . They were not wearing a top and had a tattoo on their chest of either a lion or a bear .
The force spokesperson added : `` Leicestershire Police would like to hear from you if you recognise yourself in any of these descriptions , if you know the identities of any of these individuals or if you saw them during the festival or in the Arena after the main act on Saturday night .
`` If you think you can help please call Leicestershire Police on 101 and quote incident 433 of 11 June 2017 . ''
The City of Port Coquitlam is strengthening its bylaws on aggressive or dangerous dogs , banning them from the city 's two off-leash parks and putting more responsibility on owners for their pet 's behaviour .
In the City of Port Coquitlam there are about 40 known aggressive dogs and two that have been deemed dangerous .
“ To be deemed an aggressive dog they must have done something aggressive in nature — snapped , bitten , chased , jumped on something to show that they do have an aggressive trait , ” Port Coquitlam City Councillor Glenn Pollock said .
“ The definition of a dangerous dog is one that has seriously hurt or killed a person or a domestic animal . ”
The new , tougher restrictions are not breed-specific .
“ They are banned from the off-leash dog area once they 've been deemed aggressive , ” Pollock said .
Owners of dangerous dogs will also have to display a warning sign at each entrance to the home where the dog lives .
“ It 's for meter readers or mail carriers or people going door-to-door for political activity , just to warn them , ” Pollock said .
Owners will also face stiffer penalties for failing to adhere to the bylaws . Owners face a fine of up to $ 500 for failing to post a dangerous dog sign as well as a possible $ 500 fine for having an aggressive or dangerous dog in an off-leash area .
The updated bylaw is expected to be in place in a couple of weeks .
Earlier this year , the City of Surrey has adopted a new bylaw governing dangerous dogs .
— With files from Jill Bennett and Amy Judd
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
U.S . Senator Bob Casey ( D-PA ) , Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging , hosted a conference , Monday August 14 , 2017 , at Wilkes University , Wilkes-Barre , Pa. , bringing together Pennsylvania seniors , aging experts and advocates from across the Commonwealth to examine major issues facing older Americans . The conference will focus on strategies to support the health and financial security of seniors . Casey honored three individuals at the conference . Mark Moran cv15caseyp3 A large turnout attended a conference hosted by U.S . Senator Bob Casey ( D-PA ) , Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging , Monday August 14 , 2017 , at Wilkes University , Wilkes-Barre , Pa. , bringing together Pennsylvania seniors , aging experts and advocates from across the Commonwealth to examine major issues facing older Americans . The conference will focus on strategies to support the health and financial security of seniors . Mark Moran cv15caseyp2 Image Gallery for Casey tackles aging issues Lightbox link Lightbox link
WILKES-BARRE — Staffers who work with U.S. Sen. Bob Casey on the Senate aging committee have a joke about the scope of their work .
“ As soon as you 're born , ” they said , “ you 're aging . ”
Advocating for that all-encompassing constituency includes an obligation to protect programs like Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security , said Casey , the committee 's ranking Democrat , on Monday at a conference on aging at Wilkes University .
The next fight on that front will come with the federal government 's 2018 budget , the Scranton resident said . The plan from the U.S. House of Representatives includes cuts to Medicare over the next 10 years , as well as cuts to discretionary spending that Casey said could eventually affect other programs seniors care about .
For example , a cut in discretionary funding could affect how much money is available for Community Development Block Grants , a Department of Housing and Urban Development fund that supports a variety of local programs . With the federal government distributing less funding , states and local organizations have less money for initiatives like Meals on Wheels or heating assistance programs .
“ We have a lot of fights ahead of us . We have to fight against those kinds of cuts , ” Casey said .
Seniors are a major part of Casey 's constituency , and they account for a major part of federal spending . The 2010 budget allocated 20.4 percent of federal spending for Social Security and 13.1 percent of federal spending for Medicare , according to FactCheck.org .
Among the issues addressed at the conference was the threat of seniors being targeted by scams intended to rob them of their savings .
Scammers might pretend to be IRS agents claiming they 're owed money and threatening arrest , or lottery officials promising a bogus windfall .
The best course of action if someone threatens punishment for nonpayment is to hang up , said Tim Camus , an inspector with the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration .
The IRS wo n't contact anyone first by telephone , and it also wo n't threaten arrest or a lawsuit , they said .
Pennsylvania Secretary of Aging Teresa Osborne spoke about drug abuse . Even though they 're not often the face of the opioid crisis , older Americans are not immune from the problems caused by the drugs , which have led to an increase in overdose deaths in recent years .
“ We really have to elbow our way into the discussion about the opioid crisis , ” they said .
Senior citizens can be addicted themselves or face having to care for a family member who is addicted or left vulnerable because of someone else 's addiction , Osborne said .
Conference panelists also addressed funding of programs that affect seniors .
Mary Roselle , executive director of the Area Agency on Aging for Luzerne and Wyoming Counties ; Tim Camus , a deputy inspector general for the U.S. Treasury Department ; and Gail Roddie-Hamlin , president and CEO of the Greater Pennsylvania Chapter of the Alzheimer 's Association , all had a simple answer when asked what they wanted Casey to know : They could use more funding for their missions .
That 's the central challenge of government , Casey said , citing research into Alzheimer 's disease as an example .
Because of investments in research , Pennsylvania has the potential to be the place where there 's a major breakthrough on a cure for Alzheimer 's , they said .
“ But we ca n't continue that research on Alzheimer 's or anything else unless we continue to pound the table ” for funding , they said .
Contact the writer :
bwellock @ citizensvoice.com ;
570-821-2051 ;
@ CVBillW on Twitter
The Area Agency on Aging for Luzerne and Wyoming Counties offers a variety of programs for seniors , including adult centers , home-delivered meals , a mature worker program , foster grandparent program and more .
For more information , visit www.aginglw.org or call 570-822-1158 .
In the third part of an in-depth look at the imminent closure of Boracay , Channel NewsAsia 's Jack Board looks at how the attempt to resolve the island 's problems has gained support .
BORACAY : Rumours and reports had abounded for weeks before Rodrigo Duterte stood up in their home city of Davao and said the words that sent ripples through a faraway island .
It was the type of statement Filipinos have come to expect from their “ I will close Boracay . Boracay is a cesspool ” maverick leader . Still , it left the people of the resort island blindsided - if not offended .
For the national environment agency , Duterte 's direct intervention is the style of action craved for years . Bold and unflinching .
President Duterte labelled Boracay a `` cesspool '' . ( Photo : Jack Board )
“ At this time , we are very fortunate that we have this kind of president who is not afraid , who has the political will to do reforms and to protect the environment , ” said Jonas Leones from the Department of Environment and Natural Resources ( DENR ) .
“ Whoever gets in their way , it will be sorry for them because the directive is to clean Boracay . There are no sacred cows in this administration . We should take advantage . ”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Locals too have expressed admiration of the president 's offensive , despite the dismay at some of the language used to describe their home .
“ The description , it shocked all of us . We do not deny that there is really a big problem on the island but of course we did n't expect that the president will just declare a closure , ” said Boracay Foundation president Nenette Aguirre-Graf .
Nenette Aguirre-Graf says the island has needed more national assistance for years . ( Photo : Jack Board )
“ The president acted with a strong hand . We wanted that type of attention a long time ago from the national government , ” they said .
“ We just have to trust our president . Their political will is 150 per cent and we hope it will trickle down the line to the local government : that the political will be there for us to be able to save the island . ”
FINGER-POINTING
Despite the reservations about the six-month closure , in which tourists and non-residents will be not allowed on Boracay from Apr 26 , local authorities say they will now embrace the opportunity to do what is necessary to ensure its future .
But there is some disharmony between different branches of government .
Fingers have been pointed at who is to blame for Boracay 's decline . ( Photo : Jack Board )
Local connections , alliances and the politics of business have muddied the waters in Boracay , literally and figuratively . A lack of enforcement has meant business enterprises have flaunted the law to the detriment of the environment . At higher levels , mega projects have been given the green light for operation despite the obvious strain on the caring capacity of Boracay .
Locals lower their voice when speaking of rampant land grabbing on the island , the influence of powerful families and the reverberations of corporate tycoons breaking new ground .
“ There is a failure of governance in Boracay , ” Leones said . “ If we allow the local government to again control the management of the island then there is a possibility that history will repeat itself .
“ We do not single out the local government unit , we admit that in our ranks ... there were also shortcomings . ”
Tourists depart Boracay . On Apr 26 no overseas visitors will be allowed on Boracay . ( Photo : Jack Board )
For its part , the local government unit , among others , argues that they have been neglected for years and that the task of managing the island has been become impossible given their resources .
“ Of course we have been requesting , even before , the assistance of the national government , ” said Rowen Aguirre , executive assistant to the Boracay mayor .
“ I feel that a lot of things have gotten out of hand and that something should be done about it . There are times when we felt so helpless but now things are becoming clearer .
Aguirre-Graf says the signs of Boracay 's decline in the face of mass and uncontrolled tourism has been evident for more than a decade . But the calls went unanswered .
“ We would not be in this situation if the government was more receptive to our pleas when we wanted them to help us , ” they said . “ It ended up in a table or ended up as a press release . ”
As a long-term solution , a senate bill is pending to create a special body or authority to handle the management of Boracay and proposed activities on the island .
Major construction work will be undertaken during Boracay 's six-month closure . ( Photo : Jack Board )
LOCAL DYNAMICS
Leone says they expect a multitude of bruising legal battles to emerge over the coming months as big business owners resist attempts to cleanse land - for environmental reasons - that has already been developed .
Despite the pressures , they assured that the same standards will apply for petty offenders like poor local residents constructing homes on wetland designated areas , to global resort operators .
“ That is a challenge to us . We will be focusing more on big establishments because these are rich and we are expecting a lot of cases that will be filed against us when we remove them , ” they said .
Tourists pose for photos in front of Boracay 's famous sea . ( Photo : Jack Board )
“ The strong business groups can really make or break politicians there . You ca n't push them away from Boracay without a fight . ''
Other tourist hotspots in the Philippines , including fast-developing areas like Coron , El Nido , Aurora and Zambales have also been put on notice . Regional directors have been instructed to tackle harder those violating laws in the pursuit of tourism revenue .
The Boracay blueprint is ready to be replicated . And the president has already shown they are more than willing to roll it out .
This is the third part of Jack Board 's in-depth look at the imminent closure of Boracay . The first part can be read here , and the second part is here .
